Proven, trusted by 10,000 clubs
Privacy Policy
1. General
1.1
Pitch Hero Limited, a company registered in England with company number 06361033 whose registered office is at Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, WF3 1DR (
"we"
,
"us"
and
"our"
), takes the privacy rights of the users of PITCHERO.COM and PITCHEROGPS.COM platforms (which we collectively refer to in this privacy policy as the "Services"), internet and mobile application based services ("Mobile Apps") and websites ("Sites") seriously. We are the data controller and we will process your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, the Privacy and Electronic Communications 2003 and the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union and the United Kingdom and national laws which relate to the processing of personal data (“Data Protection Legislation”).
1.2
This privacy policy explains how we process personal data when you use any of our Services as a user with a registered account the PITCHERO.COM platform as (a
"Registered User"
), when you visit our Sites, use our Mobile Apps (including the club app and, the manager app and the PitcheroGPS app), or provide information to us in any other way. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
1.3
Where we process the data of a Registered User, a user of our Sites or someone who provides information about themselves directly to us, we will be the data controller. Unregistered users (such as unregistered Club Members or unregistered Players that use our player trackers as part of our PitcheroGPS service) are individuals whose details we may process, as a data-processor, on behalf of the Registered User (
"Unregistered User"
). This policy explains how we collect and why we process data as a data controller.
1.4
If you are one of our suppliers or an Unregistered User please see sections 5 and 7 of this privacy policy which provide specific details regarding how we process your personal data.
2. Your data
2.1
For the purposes of this privacy policy, "Your Data" means any information about you from which you are personally identifiable, including your name, age, address, role at a club, email address and mobile telephone number (and where applicable, your login name and password), GPS location data and timestamps where you subscribe to the PitcheroGPS Service, performance metrics such as speed and acceleration when involved in sporting activities, and other information from which you can be identified (such as video footage or photographs) which you (or a third party) may disclose to us, or otherwise uploaded via our Sites or Mobile Apps or otherwise through your interaction with our Services at any time. We may create de-identified or anonymous data from personal data by excluding data components (such as your name, email address, or linkable tracking ID) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. Our use of anonymized and de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
3. How we collect your data
3.1
We may collect and process Your Data in the following circumstances:
3.1.1
whenever you visit our Sites we may, with your consent, collect details of your visits including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources you access (see section 3.2.2 below);
3.1.2
when you register for an account or interact with our Services;
3.1.3
whenever you  (or a third party, in the case of Unregistered Users, or where a parent or guardian provides your information) provide Your Data on an online form on our Sites or Mobile Apps (for example, when you submit video, images, data and other material when you enter competitions or free prize draws etc);
3.1.4
whenever you provide Your Data to us when reporting a problem with our Sites, Mobile Apps, Services or products, making a complaint, making an enquiry or contacting us for any other reason;
3.1.5
whenever you complete one of our voluntary surveys that we use for research purposes; and
3.1.6
whenever you disclose Your Data to us, or we collect Your Data from you, in any other way, through our Sites, Mobile Apps, Services or otherwise.
3.2
We may also collect data in the following ways:
3.2.1
IP Address
- We may collect information about your device, including where available your Internet Protocol address, for reasons of fraud protection. We may also collect information about your device’s operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
3.2.2
Cookies
- Our Sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Sites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Sites and also allows us to improve our Sites. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our
Cookie Policy.
You can also manage your consent to our use of cookies on the Site’s landing page
4. How we use your information
4.1
We use Your Data mainly to perform our contract with you and provide our Services, which includes to:
4.1.1
process your registration to use our Services and provide you with a user name and password and to fulfil orders for products
4.1.2
provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
4.1.3
ensure security of your account;
4.1.4
allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, should you choose to do so;
4.1.5
notify you about changes to our Services;
4.1.6
process and deal with any complaints or enquiries made by you; and
4.1.7
Investigate any suspected breach of our Terms of Service by or otherwise relating to you, in each case in accordance with our Terms of Service.
4.2
We may use Your Data to contact you for marketing purposes with your consent, or if you have interacted with our service and it is permitted by applicable data protection laws, where it is in our legitimate interest. Please see Section 9 for further details.
4.3
We may share Your Data with our trusted third parties who help to facilitate our Service or otherwise where it is in our legitimate interest to improve our Services - see sections 9 and 10 of this policy for further details. We do not sell your data.
5. Unregistered Members
5.1
Where you do not have an account with us and your personal data is uploaded to one of our Services by a third party (for example, via a club website), we may share your personal data such as, in connection with our Pitchero platform, your name, position, photographs, video footage and times and dates of sporting matches you participate in to news organisations or other third party platform/social media organisations for the purpose of sports coverage or our own marketing. Clubs may also share your personal data for their own purposes such as sharing match results and promotion of the Club’s activities. We do not share or syndicate personal data relating to children under the age of 14. You may object to us using Your Data in this way at any time by contacting us using the details in 18 of this policy in addition to your other rights set out in section 15.
6. Retention of your data
6.1
Where you are a Registered User, subject to exercising your rights detailed in section 15 of this policy, we retain Your Data for as long as you remain a Registered User or, in the case of our Pitchero platform, also an active user of your account. Where there has not been any activity on your Pitchero service account for three years we will contact you to check you still wish to retain your account with us. Where you decide to cancel your Pitchero account or we do not hear further from you, your account will be de-activated and Your Data will be deleted or anonymised so that you cannot be identified from the information. Where you have subscribed to receive marketing correspondence from us we will keep your personal data for marketing purposes whilst your account remains active and for the period of time referred to above. This is subject to exercising your right to unsubscribe from receiving such correspondence at any time.
6.2
Where you are an Unregistered User or a Registered User whose personal data has been uploaded to the Services, we will store Your Data on our servers, in the case of the Pitchero service, for the benefit of your club for as long as your Club requires and, in the case of PitcheroGPS, for as long as we have an agreement with your club (we do not use this information for our own purposes save for in a de-identified and anonymised form). For details on how long Your Data is retained by you club, please contact your club direct. For the avoidance of doubt where you are an Unregistered User the relevant Club or third party who has registered the account is responsible for deactivating any user profile or information about you as the controller of your information.
7. Supplier data
7.1
We will collect details such as a contact name, email address, telephone number and bank details in order to contact you about goods and/or services we have ordered from you, to place further orders and to pay you for the goods or services supplied. We may share your data with our employees to manage our relationship with you and we will keep the personal data for as long as we require your goods and services and for a period of 6 years further to being provided with the goods/services. You may exercise any of the rights referred to in section 15 of this policy in relation to your personal data.
8. If you fail to provide personal data
8.1
Where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide the data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
9. Marketing
9.1
In addition to the uses described in sections 2 to 7 above, we may also use Your Data for our legitimate interests including for marketing where permitted under applicable laws, market research and related purposes, such as:
9.1.1
providing you with information about our products and services, or related products and services via email/post/telephone/text which may be of interest to you;
9.1.2
asking you to participate in market research, for example surveys about topical issues, our services and products. We will always try to tell you before you participate in a survey how any information you provide in the survey will be used.
9.1.3
Where we have your consent, we may use your data to market the services and products of sports focused brands and ask you to participate in related market research via email/post/telephone/text which may be of interest to you.
9.2
We will always inform you before collecting Your Data if we intend to use Your Data for marketing, market research and related purposes. Where we intend to use Your Data for the marketing of services and products of third party organisations and/or disclose Your Data to any third party for such purposes we will obtain your prior consent.
9.3
Your right to opt-out
- You have a right to opt-out of receiving any marketing information (from us and/or a third party) at any time. To opt-out of receiving such information you can:
9.3.1
amend your preferences accordingly in your
on-line account
(for Pitchero, accessible
here
and, for PitcheroGPS, accessible
here
); or
9.3.2
use the facility contained in any marketing communication you receive; or
9.3.3
email us at
support@pitchero.com
.
9.4
Where you have subscribed to receive marketing correspondence from us we will keep personal data for the period set out in section 6.1 of this policy.
10. Disclosure of your data to Third Parties
10.1
In addition to the third parties mentioned above, we may disclose Your Data (such as name, performance statistics, images) to third parties to fulfil our contractual obligations with you or for our legitimate interests as follows:
10.1.1
to our employees and agents to administer your online account;
10.1.2
to payment providers to process online payments for our goods and/or services;
10.1.3
IT software providers that host our website, store data and provide other software services on our behalf;
10.1.4
to reputable third parties in order to gather general statistical information about our Sites’ and/or Mobile Apps' user base, sales patterns, traffic volumes and related matters but these details will not include information personally identifying you;
10.1.5
HM Revenue and Customs, regulators and other authorities who require reports of processing activities in certain circumstances;
10.1.6
marketing organisations to assist with the distribution of our marketing correspondence;
10.1.7
in the case of Pitchero, to the Press Association for the purpose of press coverage;
10.1.8
to analytical businesses who use information about players and members of the management team to generate athletic/skill profiles of such individuals;
10.1.9
third parties who we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy;
10.1.10
to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisers in connection with any alleged criminal offence or suspected breach of the
Terms of Service
or where we are under a duty to disclose or share Your Data in order to comply with any legal obligation;
10.1.11
to governing and representative bodies of sport and recreation including local and county leagues to improve the management and co-ordination of sport within their territory, and, where we have your consent, undertake marketing and survey participation;
10.1.12
social media organisations for their own promotion and marketing purposes (this relates to video footage only and such data will only be shared with your prior consent);
10.1.13
to software suppliers when you use the chat forums with our applications. The software analyses user generated content to identify any anomalies which may indicate behaviour that poses a threat to children. Where such a threat is identified further to analysis of the individual’s behaviour, we may take action we consider appropriate including but not limited to removing you as a Registered User and/or the notification of law enforcement organisations;
10.1.14
in the case of Pitchero, to Planet Sport who work with various third parties to identify audience segments to advertise to. Software is used to track website use and helps build a profile resulting in adverts being sent to you which match your profile. As a consequence, you will see third party advertisements relevant to your interests and lifestyle when you visit our Sites. Please note that the only information we share with Planet Sport is your sex (M/F) and whether you are a youth player (where you have disclosed this information to us). You cannot be identified from this information. Planet Sport are required to adhere to strict guidelines when advertising to our users and we prohibit the use of advertisements containing adult or salacious content. You can find out more about how Planet Sport will treat this data by viewing
Planet Sport's privacy policy
. You may also go to
www.youronlinechoices.eu
if you are in Europe, or to
www.aboutads.info
if you are anywhere else for instructions on how to disable cookies which may be used by advertisers to target You.
10.1.15
To YouTube (a part of Google) when the relevant Service allows you add a YouTube video to your account with us, this functionality (which uses YouTube API Services) is subject to the
YouTube terms of service
, and the
Google Privacy Policy
11. Cross border data transfers
11.1
We host our data within the European Economic Area (EEA). However, some of our third party software providers may process your personal data outside of the United Kingdom and EEA. Whenever we share your personal data outside of the United Kingdom or EEA, we ensure adequate levels of protection approved by the relevant supervisory authorities are in place for the security of your personal data.
12. Data security
12.1
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
12.2
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile networks is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect Your Data, we cannot guarantee the security of Your Data transmitted to our Services. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received Your Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
12.3
Information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. We have implemented appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures designed to secure your information against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access.
13. Links to other websites
13.1
Our Sites and Mobile Apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these when you leave our Site, we encourage you to read the privacy notice/policy of every website you visit.
14. Legal basis for processing your personal data
14.1
We will only use your personal data where the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
14.1.1
for performance of a contract we enter into with you;
14.1.2
where necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation we are subject to; and
14.1.3
for our legitimate interests (as described within this policy) where your interests and fundamental rights do not override these interests.
15. Access to, updating, deleting and restricting use of your data
15.1
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if the personal data we hold about you changes. Where you are a Registered User you may update your data contained in your online account at any time (for Pitchero, accessible
here
and, for PitcheroGPS, accessible
here
).
15.2
Data protection legislation gives you the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances or withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data where this has been provided. You also have the right to access information held about you and for this to be provided in an intelligible form. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal data, please send an email to
support@pitchero.com
. In certain circumstances we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
15.3
You can also ask us to undertake the following:
15.3.1
update or amend Your Data if you feel this is inaccurate;
15.3.2
remove Your Data from our database entirely;
15.3.3
send you copies of Your Data in a commonly used format and transfer Your Data to another entity where you have supplied this to us, and we process this electronically with your consent or where necessary for the performance of a contract; and
15.3.4
restrict the use of Your Data.
15.4
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access/provide you with the personal data we hold about you or make your requested changes. Data protection legislation may allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all of Your Data/comply with requests made in accordance with your rights referred to above. If we cannot provide you with access to Your Data, or deal with any other request we receive, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
15.5
Please send any requests relating to the above to our Data Protection Lead at
support@pitchero.com
specifying your name the action you would like us to undertake. Where you are a Registered User please also supply the email address you used to register with us and your username. Note that is relation to requests to access Your Data, we reserve the right in certain circumstances to charge a reasonable fee to carry out your request.
15.6
You can manage many of your consents and privacy settings via the Privacy Manager which is accessed by
clicking here.
16. Right to withdraw consent
16.1
Where you have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of data processing based on consent before it is withdrawn. To withdraw your consent please contact us at
support@pitchero.com
.
17. Changes to our privacy policy
17.1
Any changes we may make to this privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. We encourage you to check this privacy policy from time to time for any updates or changes to the privacy policy. If we would like to use your previously collected personal data for different purposes than those we notified you about at the time of collection, we will provide you with notice and, where required by law, seek your consent before using your personal data for a new or unrelated purpose. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where required by applicable law or regulation.
18. Contact us
18.1
If You have any questions, comments or requests regarding this policy or how We use Your Data please contact our Data Protection Lead at
support@pitchero.com
. This is in addition to your right to contact the Information Commissioners Office if you are unsatisfied with our response to any issues you raise at
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us
.
Privacy Policy last updated: May 2023
70,000 teams - 10,000 live club websites - 1.5 million users
Proven. Trusted. Built for sport.
With over 10 years of experience, Pitchero has built the best-in-class platform to create a club website and
            manage your club membership online.
Pitchero Uses Cookies
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. You can review & change your preferences
here.
Accept all
Reject all
Cookie preferences
Manage Your Privacy
To provide the best experience, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices, including exercising your right to object to companies processing personal data based on legitimate interest instead of consent. You can update your choices at any time by clicking “Manage Consents” in the footer.
You can review our
Privacy Policy here.
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and do not store personally identifiable information. They are usually set in response to user actions to enable key features like setting and maintaining logins or privacy preferences. These cookies typically can’t be switched off, however, certain browsers can block or alert you about these cookies. Be aware that blocking these cookies will affect site functionality.
Analytics & measurement
Analytics & measurement
These cookies collect anonymous, aggregated data and enable us to identify our most popular pages and content to improve our side and the xperience we offer to you. Disallowing these cookies negatively affects our ability to improve our products and services.
Providers: Google Analytics, Hotjar, HubSpot Analytics, Mixpanel
Advertising and retargeting
Advertising and retargeting
These cookies are used to track signup conversations and other activity as part of our marketing and advertising funnels. We use them to track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and to show you relevant Pitchero advertising on external platforms such as Facebook.
Providers: Bing Ads, Facebook, Google Adwords, HubSpot
More information
For any queries in relation to our cookie policy, please
click here
.
Accept all
Reject all
Save settings
×
Close
Join a Pitchero Club
Join an existing Pitchero club by searching for them through our Rankings page.
Search for my club
Create a Pitchero website
Join over 10,000 clubs who run their club online using Pitchero.
Create a Pitchero website
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.planetsport.com/privacy-policy:
Your privacy choices
We and 435
TCF partners and other partners
process personal data such as cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data. Some partners may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest.
View a list of partners
to see the purposes they believe they have legitimate interest or and how you can object to it.
We and 435
TCF partners and other partners
may use your data for the listed purposes, you can manage your choices by clicking
Manage Options
.
You can change your settings at any time, including by withdrawing your consent, by clicking the cog icon at corner or the link at bottom of the page. Your choices will apply to this website only.
Purposes
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research
Special Features
Use precise geolocation data
Manage Options
Agree and proceed
Powered by
UniConsent
PRIVACY POLICY
This Website is owned by
Planet Sport Publishing Ltd (hereafter the “Business”)
, a Company registered in England and Wales.
We take user privacy seriously and take reasonable efforts to protect it. We have created this Privacy Policy (hereafter the “Policy”) to share with you our information collection and use practices. AS MORE CLEARLY DEFINED HEREIN, WE WILL NEVER KNOWINGLY SELL OR ASSIGN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND/OR APPROVAL. Please read this Policy carefully before sharing any personally identifiable information described below.
By using, registering for, or placing an order on this website at
https://www.planetsport.com
, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy. Since this is a growing website and because Internet technologies are constantly evolving, this Policy is subject to change at any time and any changes will be posted on this page.
This Policy works hand-in-hand with the Terms and Conditions of Use, found here:
https://www.planetsport.com/terms-and-conditions/
.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Our Registration Number is: ZA367891. For more information, visit the
ICO website
. For the purposes of the Data protection Act 1998, the Data Controller is Planet Sport Publishing Ltd of Avenue HQ, 10-12 East Parade, Leeds, United Kingdom, LS1 2BH, (
info@planetsport.com
).
What personally identifiable information does the Business collect and how is it used?
When you visit, register or order products or services on
https://www.planetsport.com
you may be asked to, or of your own volition, provide information from which you can be identified, including your name, email address, home or business address etc, as well as text you may upload and other technical data such as the IP address of the machine you use. The Business will not collect such information from users while they use the website unless they voluntarily provide it to us and authorise us to collect such information by their privacy choices. Users may provide other information about themselves from which they can be identified.
The Business may use or disclose all such information to:
carry out the service as requested by you
advise third parties of analysed information
and will retain such information for the following period of time:
for no longer than required to fulfil the sale of the product
for no longer than required to perform the service
We may also disclose personally identifiable information in the establishment or exercise of legal rights or defences against legal claims, to comply with applicable laws or regulations, to comply with a valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order or to investigate suspected fraud or a violation of our Terms and Conditions of Use.
We will never sell user information to any 3rd-party not affiliated with the Business, without your specific and unambiguous consent, except in connection with the sale or merger of the Business or the division responsible for such services provided.
The User may ‘opt out’ of any such sales by contacting customer service at
info@planetsport.com
.
The Business may, from time to time, send or post surveys or requests for your feedback to help us make our website and services better. Any responses we receive from users will be used only to evaluate our web site and services and no personally identifiable information from respondents will be shared with any non-employees of the Business, except that information provided in the Feedback/Comments areas.
If you are chosen for a promotion or as a winner in a contest, you give the Business permission to use your name, image, and other information about you, for marketing purposes.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may record and monitor incoming calls.
What non-personally identifiable information does the Business collect and how is it used?
The Business collects and tracks certain non-personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, IP numbers and browser type, access times, domain names, usage habits and other information which does not specifically identify any individual.
Does Planet Sport Publishing Ltd have a newsletter?
The Business regularly sends out a Newsletter via email (hereinafter “the Newsletter”) to all Users who provide an email address, unless they have ‘opted-out’. In these Newsletters, we may inform you about new features from Planet Sport Publishing Ltd and about the upcoming week’s events or special promotions.
Users may choose to unsubscribe from the Newsletter at any time by sending an email to Customer Service at
info@planetsport.com
. If you are registered on the website, you may unsubscribe from a Newsletter by logging in, accessing your account page and choosing the relevant option.
Disclosure of your information
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments, and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregated information on the usage of our website to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
When you log into our website, we may share information we collect from you, such as your email (in a hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners, such as LiveRamp and Zeotap. The partners use this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your device. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you.
We place this code in our cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may also use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them or their clients.
You have the right to express a choice regarding our sharing of this data with the partners, of the creation of this code, or of our sharing of the code with our advertising partners. You may also opt-out of such services with these partners directly (see the information in the Cookies section below).
Where you have consented when providing us with your details, we may also allow other companies in our group, to contact you occasionally about products and services which may be of interest to you. They may contact you by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know at
info@planetsport.com
.
You agree that we may disclose your identity and contact details to: (1) Any third party who claims to us that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or their rights of privacy; and (2) To other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Finally, if our business enters a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Does the Business use cookies?
Cookies are small text files that a website can write to your computer or mobile device. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We use cookies to identify you and allow you to log in once to our web site and search or post without having to log in again and again. Cookies are also used by our affiliates to identify you as a user of
https://www.planetsport.com
.
The following table is a summary of the types of cookies that are being used on this site, along with information on how you can block them where relevant.
Cookie Type
Cookie File Names
Purpose
More information
Essential Site Cookies
Various
Site cookies are essential to the operation of this website. They are usually set when you first visit the site and deleted when you close your browser. If blocked, this site will not operate correctly.
Content Management System
Various
Cookies are set by our CMS/Blog system when you first visit this site. These cookies are usually deleted when a user closes their browser.
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect statistical information about how visitors use our site. The information is used to compile reports that let us improve the site. The information is collected in any anonymous form, and includes the number of visits to this site, how you arrived at the site, and which pages you visited.
You can opt-out of these cookies by following this
link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Adverts
Various
Our advertisers and advertising partners may use cookies to serve you with ads based on your previous search and web usage on this site and other sites. These cookies are not used directly by Planet Sport Publishing Ltd.
You can visit
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
for more information on how the information is used, and how you can block such cookies.
You can also change your cookie acceptance settings for these providers on our site by clicking the ‘Change Consent’ link at the bottom of our pages.
Site Cookie Acceptance
cookietab-last-shown-time
cookietab-consent
These cookies are used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on this website.
Customer Data Platform
BCSessionID
BCTempID
PCPermissionLevel
BCReferrerOverrule
BCRefusedObjectives
BCRevision
BCTracking
AWSALB
AWSALBCORS
AWSSELB
These cookies are used by our customer data platform to identify your device when you visit our sites; collect and categorise your browsing behaviour; and remember the preferences you set on our sites. This allows us to provide you with more relevant and/or personalised content and messages, both on our sites and on other sites where we may market our services to you.
To delete the profile created in our Customer Data Platform for your device, and any known associated devices, please log into your PlanetSport account and navigate to 'preferences'. Within preferences, you can click a link to close your account.
Please note: Depending on the cookie consent preferences you choose, a new profile may be created for your current device, or any new device you use, if you continue to use our site or visit our site at another time.
Registration and Login Authentication
AWSALB
AWSALBCORS
blaize_session
blaize_meta
blaize_tracking_id
blaze_admin_session
These cookies are used by our registration and access management platform to chart your usage of our site, allow you to have a registration account, and enforce our rules on which visitors have the rights to see what content and use what functionality on our site.
You can delete your registration and profile data after you register by logging onto the site, clicking on the ‘My Account’ button in the navigation, and then clicking the ‘Delete my Planet Sport account and all my data’ link on your account page.
Third-party Identity Graphs
Various
These cookies are used to associate the pseudonymous profile of a registered user to their devices for the purposes of identifying them on this site and on those sites and apps used by our partner’s clients to enable targeted advertising or analytics.
You can opt-out of the third-party identity graphs and processing of your data by our partners LiveRamp and Zeotap by following these links:
LiveRamp:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Zeotap:
https://zeotap.com/product-privacy-policy
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
The Business does not use Cookies to store information such as credit card numbers, telephone numbers, or other information you provide.
This Privacy Policy only covers the use of Cookies by Planet Sport Publishing Ltd. It does not cover the use of Cookies by any other 3rd-party or advertisers.
Is my information private with Business merchants and advertisers?
This website may contain links to various 3rd-party websites and the external websites of our advertisers and/or 3rd-party partners. Each of these websites may have a privacy policy that differs from that of the Business. This Policy does not cover the privacy policies of other web sites. We urge you to check the privacy policies of each web site that you may visit or interact with.
The only Voluntary Information that may be shared between Business and one of our partner web sites is that which pertains to information used in the furtherance of tracking an order and providing you with correct information regarding same.
Order information, including order numbers and amounts, may be available to the Business, affiliate merchants and 3rd-party affiliate program management companies, for accurate tracking purposes. The Business will not release this information to other parties unless you request it.
The Business provides banner and other advertising on its website, from Google and other third parties, that may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information in the course of advertisements being served. If you are concerned about your privacy regarding these advertisements, please refer to Google’s (or other third party) privacy policies.
What about data security?
We employ security measures to protect, so far as reasonably possible, your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period, or as long as the law requires or permits.
The Business requires that our advertisers and partners ensure the security of the data that users provide to them, however, in the event of a breach of their security measures, you agree that the Business will not be liable for any losses or damages.
The Business limits access to personal information about users to employees, for whom we reasonably believe it is necessary, to provide products or services.
May I see the information the Business collects about me?
You are entitled to see the personal information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us at
info@planetsport.com
. We do not raise any charge in providing you with details of the information we hold about you, but we may raise a charge where such requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested or refuse to act on the request.
Alternatively, if you have registered for our site, you can log-in and access your account page from the
My Account
button at the top of the site pages. Here you may view your submitted data and communication preferences, make changes to them, delete them, or delete your account.
Can I Opt-out?
The Business gives users the option to remove personally identifiable information from our list of active and/or registered users.
You may also choose to opt-out of certain communications from the Business, such as our Newsletters.
If you want to unsubscribe or opt-out of communications from us, send an email to Customer Service at
info@planetsport.com
. We will respond within 48 hours. Alternatively, log-in and access your account page from the
My Account
button to edit your data or preferences.
The Business is not responsible for removing personally identifiable information from the lists of any 3rd-party partners or advertisers who have previously been provided your information in accordance with this Policy.
Where is the web site located?
This website is maintained in the United Kingdom. If you are located outside of the U.K., by using the website, you authorise the import of your information and its use, as specified in this Policy.
What is the minimum age to use this website?
Use of
https://www.planetsport.com
and its products/services are intended for persons who are eighteen (18) years or older, or business entities.
If proof comes to the attention of the Business that an individual user is under the age of eighteen (18) years, and is accessing our services and/or products without the consent, approval or authorisation of their parents or legal guardian or other person with legally recognised parental authority, the Business will immediately terminate such account.
Will there be changes to this Privacy Policy?
The Business reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time, in the event that this becomes necessary after initial release, or in the event that it becomes necessary with respect to additional, deleted, modified or amended services provided by the Business.
The Business will not personally notify you of any amendments to this Policy.
Users are urged to check this Policy frequently to determine whether any changes have been made. Users understand and agree that continued use of the website assumes that they have read and accepted this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time
.
Where can I access this policy?
This Policy is accessible from the Home Page of the website, under the link “Privacy Policy”.
Spy ware
The Business never uses or installs spy ware on user computers, nor do we use spy ware to retrieve information from user computers.
Your California Privacy Rights
IF YOU ARE A USER IN CALIFORNIA, USA:
The State of California, USA, has passed legislation requiring certain specific disclosures be made available to California residents who use the Internet and provide information that may be used for marketing purposes. That legislation requires any business that discloses a customer’s personal information (as defined by the “Act”) to any 3rd-party, for direct marketing purposes, to provide the customer a method for obtaining the names, addresses and certain other specified details of anyone who might have received that personal information. If you are a California resident you may request this information from Business by writing to:
Planet Sport Publishing Ltd,
Avenue HQ,
10-12 East Parade,
Leeds,
United Kingdom,
LS1 2BH,
Attn: California, USA Privacy Rights.
or by sending an e-mail, with “California, USA Privacy Rights” in the subject line, to
info@planetsport.com
. Planet Sport Publishing Ltd is not obligated to respond to more than one such request from User per calendar year.
Section Titles
The section titles used in this Policy are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to
info@planetsport.com
.
What is the effective date of this privacy policy?
This Privacy Policy was last updated, and became effective, on 15/01/2021.
Featured Articles
Scott Allen
13 hours ago
2025 Darts Calendar: Every major televised tournament, dates, results and where to watch
Scott Allen
20 February 2025
Cheltenham Festival 2025 guide: Day-by-day race times, how to watch, best horses, trainers, jockeys and more
Seb Sternik
10 March 2025
2024/25 Snooker calendar: Every major televised tournament, dates, results and where to watch
Scott Allen
10 March 2025
Boxing schedule for 2025: Every major fight night, dates, venues, results, tips and predictions
Scott Allen
3 March 2025
The 2024/25 Grade 1 race calendar and results for the UK and Ireland National Hunt seasons
Scott Allen
3 March 2025
The 2025 tennis calendar: Every tournament, dates and results
Scott Allen
10 March 2025
The 2025 golf calendar: Every tournament, dates and results
Scott Allen
20 January 2025
Who is the richest footballer in the world - and no it’s not Cristiano Ronaldo…or Lionel Messi
Loading...
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps