Panasonic Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice is intended to tell you how we use any information we collect about you (called Personal Data as defined below) and what your rights and our obligations are in relation to the processing of your Personal Data, in accordance with the European data protection legislation and, as from 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
This Privacy Notice applies to the use of our
Image App
application (collectively, our “
Services
”) and will apply whether you access our Services using a computer, mobile phone, tablet, TV or other devices.
If you are a California resident, additional privacy notice applies to you, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act.  Please see Appendix in the link below.
Appendix
Please click on the links below for further information on our privacy practices:
Who are we?
What is Personal Data?
What Personal Data does Panasonic collect about you?
Personal Data you provide directly about yourself
Information about your use of the Services
On which legal basis do we process Personal Data?
Why do we use your Personal Data?
To whom and where do we disclose your Personal Data?
What do we do to keep your Personal Data secure?
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
How long do we store your Personal Data?
Cookies
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Representative
Who are we?
Panasonic Corporation (“Panasonic”), having its registered office at 1006, Oaza Kadoma, Kadoma-shi, Osaka, Japan, is responsible for the processing of your personal data acting as controller.
Panasonic has a number of affiliates who can be found here (“Panasonic Affiliates”):
http://www.panasonic.com/global/corporate/profile/group-companies.html#renketsu
Please note that Panasonic (as splitting company) plans to split up into several companies under the laws of Japan (“Demerger”). Such Demerger is planned to take place in April 1, 2022.
After the Demerger, the controller who is responsible for the processing of your personal data may change from Panasonic to Panasonic Entertainment & Communication Co., Ltd. (“Successor Company”), having its registered office at 1-10-12 Yagumo Higashimachi, Moriguchi-shi, Osaka, Japan, which is to be one of Panasonic Affiliates.
Please note, however, that Panasonic shall remain the controller of your personal data if the Demerger does not take place for any reason.
After the Demerger has been completed, the Successor Company will become the new controller of your personal data and shall process your personal data in accordance with its own privacy notice that will apply as from the effective date of the Demerger as will be notified to you by the Successor Company.
An overview of the Demerger can be found here:
https://www.panasonic.com/global/corporate/ir/pdf/en201113-1.pdf
In addition, please also see the updated information regarding the Demerger at the following website:
https://www.panasonic.com/global/corporate/ir/relevant.html
What is Personal Data?
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, "
Personal Data
" consists of any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual (such as you). For example, information which identifies you may consist of your name, address, telephone number, photographs, payment details, a specific Panasonic product/device identification number that you purchased, location data, an online identifier (e.g. cookies and your IP address). Information which does not identify you on its own but that we link to you also qualifies as Personal Data.
What Personal Data does Panasonic collect about you?
Personal Data you provide directly about yourself
Some Services we offer enable/require you to directly provide us with Personal Data relating to you.
When you register a product or device with Panasonic
If you choose to register the relevant product or device with us in order to benefit from certain features (such as product/device warranty), we may collect Personal Data about you such as your name, address, phone number, email address and information about the Panasonic product or device you purchased, such as its serial numbers (or other product/device identifier) and the date of purchase.
When you communicate with Panasonic
When you contact us or interact with our customer support representatives via email, telephone or in person, we may collect Personal Data about you, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences, as well as information about the Panasonic products or devices you purchased, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase. We may also create logs/reports that are useful in diagnosing product or application performance related issues to capture information relating to such issues. We may access your 'My Panasonic' Profile, or other relevant Panasonic profile/account. We may also record and review your conversations with our customer support representatives (e.g. when you contact us by telephone) and also review any information you have provided in response to a voluntary customer survey(s). We will only record and/or review your conversations with us where we are permitted to do so by applicable laws and we will tell you that we are doing so at the latest at the start of the conversations.
Information about your use of the Services
We collect information about your use of our Services through software on your Panasonic product/device and other means, or your use of our online applications. For example, we collect:
Product/device information
- such as your hardware model, product/device IMEI number, the MAC address of your device’s wireless network interface and the mobile phone number used by such device, your mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, your time zone setting, and other unique device identifiers, IP address, operating system details, and settings of the device you use to access the Services.
Log information
- such as the time and duration of your use of the Service, search query terms you enter through the Services, and any information stored in cookies that we have set on your product/device or our application.
Location information
- such as your product or device’s GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points a certain Services. Some of our location-enabled Services require your Personal Data for the feature to work.
On which legal basis do we process Personal Data?
We are not allowed to process Personal Data if we cannot rely on a valid legal ground. Therefore, we will only process your Personal Data when:
we have obtained your prior unambiguous consent;
the processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations towards you or to take pre-contractual steps at your request;
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
Why do we use your Personal Data?
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes:
Analysis Purposes for Services improvements –
for assessment and analysis of our market, customers, products, devices and other Services and your use thereof, in order to develop and improve new and existing Panasonic products and Services;
Statistics –
to create anonymous, aggregated statistics about the use of our Services. This anonymized data may be shared with third parties;
Legal Obligations –
to comply with our legal obligations under European Member States laws or under European Union law;
To whom and where do we disclose your information?
Third parties recipient of the Personal Data
We may disclose your information to the following entities:
Panasonic Affiliates
We may need to transfer your Personal Data to other Panasonic Affiliates to provide the Services you require or any other services/assistance. All Panasonic Affiliates are required to follow the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Service Providers
We use third party service providers to help us to administer certain activities and services on our behalf, such as fulfilling your purchases and delivering products, processing credit card payments, sending postal mail and emails, sending text messages (such as SMS), providing advertisements, analysing usage of our Services, tracking effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, allowing users to connect to their social network and providing customer support services. We share Personal Data about you with such third party service providers solely for the purpose of enabling them to perform services on our behalf and they will operate only in accordance with our instructions. Here are examples of third-party service providers we use:
Analytics Service Providers – analytics providers are used to assist us in understanding the usage of our products/devices and other Services, to enable us to improve our Services. The analytics providers we currently use are Google Analytics. For further information see the Cookie section of this Privacy Notice.
Other Parties in Connection With Corporate Transactions
We may disclose your Personal Data to a third party (or other Panasonic Affiliate) as part of a reorganisation, merger, transfer, sale, joint venture, assignment or other disposition of all or any portion of Panasonic's business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
International Transfer of Personal Data
The Personal Data that we collect from you may be stored and processed in your region, or transferred to, stored at or otherwise processed outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including but not limited to Japan or in any other country which do not offer an adequate level of data protection as recognised by the European Commission and where Panasonic or its Affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities.
Where we transfer your Personal Data outside the EEA, we will ensure that suitable safeguards such as appropriate transfer agreements and mechanisms (such as the EU Model Clauses) are in place to help ensure that our third party service providers provide an adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. You may request additional information in this respect and obtain a copy of the relevant safeguards upon request through sending a request to the contact indicated in section 8 below.
What do we do to keep your Personal Data secure?
General
Panasonic have put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the Personal Data we collect in connection with our Services. These measures take into account:
the state of the art of the technology;
the costs of its implementation;
the nature of the data; and
the risk of the processing
The purpose thereof is to protect against accidental or unlawful destruction or alteration, accidental loss, unauthorized disclosure or access and against other unlawful forms of processing.
However, please note that although we take appropriate steps to protect your Personal Data, no website, product, device, online application or transmission of data, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data.
Other security measures
Information security, including the protection of Personal Data is organized in a global Panasonic Program called “Information Security Management” (ISM). The related aim, standards and implementation measures are organized in globally valid policy, standards and guidelines. All central European IT systems are externally assessed and fall under the information security management rules applicable under the ISO 27001 certification. The program in all its parts follow a strong yearly PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) approach to secure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all data (including your Personal Data) for the whole information lifecycle from collection to destruction of such data.
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
What are your rights?
Panasonic will collect, store and process your Personal Data in accordance with your rights under any applicable data protection laws.
Your rights under the GDPR include, the right to access a copy of your Personal Data, the right to request the correction or the update of any inaccurate Personal Data and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data under the conditions set out in the GDPR.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your Personal Data and, where you have consented to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (without this withdrawal affecting the lawfulness of the processing prior to such withdrawal). In addition, you also have the right to data portability in certain cases. This is the right to request the return of the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request the transmission of such Personal Data to a third party, without hindrance from us and subject to your own confidentiality obligations.
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights,  please contact us by writing at the following contact;
<
http://panasonic.jp/support/global/cs/contact.html
>.
We will respond to your request without undue delay and no later than one month from receipt of any such request, unless a longer period is permitted by Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with how we process your Personal Data, you may also file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, in addition to your rights outlined above.
How long do we store your Personal Data?
We will retain your Personal Data for 2 years after we stop providing this application.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Panasonic, as well as certain other third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies and other technologies in certain areas of our Services. Cookies are small text files which may be placed on your device when visiting our website. It can be read by the web server which put the cookie on your hard drive. We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help you with signing in, provide targeted advertisement and to analyse your browsing experience on our website.
Please note that you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it. If you do not want to receive cookies, you may also refuse cookies altogether by activating the relevant settings on your browser. Please note that if you choose to refuse all the cookies, some features of the Services may not be accessible to you or not work properly. Finally, you can also delete cookies that have already been sent.
Further information on cookies
For further information on cookies and how Panasonic and other third parties use them, and for details of how cookies can be disabled, please see  Cookie Policy. of this application.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Panasonic may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. The “Date last updated” mention at the bottom of this page states when the notice was last updated and any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Notice.
Where required by applicable law, we will request your consent to any such changes. We will provide this notice by email or by posting notice of the changes on the Panasonic website or through any relevant Services.
Representative
Panasonic Business Support Europe GmbH, The Data Protection Officer, Hagenauerstrasse 43, D-65203 Wiesbaden, Germany, acts as representative of the data controller if you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area.
If you have any questions regarding the collection, processing, or use of your Personal Data, please contact:
Panasonic Business Support Europe GmbH, The Data Protection Officer, Hagenauerstrasse 43, D-65203 Wiesbaden, Germany,
Or by email: Data_Protection@eu.panasonic.com
Date last updated: November 1, 2022