Privacy Policy
We collect information from you when you visit or register on our site, place an order, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site without providing this information.
Our website logs source IP address, user-agent strings and destination URLs. The minimum information that OpenVPN Inc requires is an e-mail address for registration and contact purposes. We may also ask for payment and business information for invoicing and customer service purposes.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Log information is access controlled so that only authorized OpenVPN, Inc. users have access to this data.
Your credit card information is not stored by OpenVPN, but may be stored by a third party credit card processing company whose system are accredited for this purpose.
Business information that is voluntarily provided by you is also access controlled and only accessed by authorized OpenVPN, Inc. users.
To review, request a copy of, or delete your account information you may contact us via e-mail at
privacy@openvpn.net
We do use cookies.
A detailed list of all cookies used on our website and their categories is available to all users through our consent management platform and consent is requested of all visitors to our website.  Visitors can granularly manage cookie consent.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also visit our
Terms and Conditions
page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://openvpn.net
6200 Stoneridge Mall Road, 3rd Floor
Pleasanton, CA 94588
United States
privacy@openvpn.net
You agree (i) that OpenVPN may identify you as a recipient of services and use your logo in client lists, sales presentations, marketing materials
and press releases, and (ii) to develop a customer profile for use by OpenVPN on OpenVPN websites for promotional purposes.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update, or request deletion
of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing
privacy@openvpn.net
.
To exercise your rights to delete your personal data under the GDPR, you can request account deactivation and deletion by contacting OpenVPN support.
In addition, you can
object to the processing
of your personal data, ask us to
restrict the processing
of your personal data, or
request portability
of your personal data. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing
privacy@openvpn.net
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing
privacy@openvpn.net
.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
With respect to Personal Data of Data Subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that Customer transfers to OpenVPN or permits OpenVPN to access, the parties agree that by executing the DPA they also execute the Standard Contractual Clauses, which will be incorporated by reference and form an integral part of the DPA. The parties agree that, with respect to the elements of the Standard Contractual Clauses that require the parties’ input, Schedules 1-3 contain all the relevant information.
OpenVPN currently utilizes Standard Contractual Clauses in connection with transfers of data from the EEA to the US insofar as the EU-US Privacy Shield is deemed invalidated and other means are not yet in place. Please also refer to our GDPR information in our Privacy Policy section FAQ and
General Data Processing Agreement
for more information about data transfers.