Monny Privacy Policy
繁體中文
簡體中文
日本語
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally
                identifiable
                information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is
                information
                that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person,
                or
                to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear
                understanding
                of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in
                accordance
                with our app.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When registering in our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, or
                    other
                    details to help you with your experience. When connecting to third-party social media account, your
                    profile
                    and friendship information would be required from the third-party social media.
There is no login feature in the app so we do not collect any personal information from you at the
                    moment.
We collect information that your browser or device sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data").
                    This
                    Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser
                    type,
                    browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
                    spent
                    on those pages, the type of mobile device and operating system you use, your mobile device's unique
                    device
                    ID, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, your location information, and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics and Fabric that collect,
                    monitor and analyze this
                    type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third-party service
                    providers
                    have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register in our app, login social media, and use our
                    app.
We do not collect expense information entered in our app at the moment. It is only accessible by you
                    through your device or your authorized cloud storage.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sync data to our server, make a
                    purchase,
                    sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other app
                    features in the following ways:
provide and improve our products and services, and manage our business
manage your account, provide you with customer support, and respond to your requests/inquiries
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others' products,
                        services, or
                        content
communicate with you by email, telephone, push notification, and/or other means about products
                        or services
                        that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties
develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Service
                        and other
                        sites, including providing our ads to you when you visit other sites
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited
                    number
                    of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information
                    confidential.
                    In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
                    technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their
                    information to
                    maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our
                    servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
No, We do not use cookies right now.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive
                    through your device (if you allow) that enables the app's or service provider's systems to recognize
                    your device and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us
                    remember and process your sign in log. They are also used to help us understand your preferences
                    based on previous or current app activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
                    We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about app traffic and app interaction so that
                    we can offer better app experiences and services in the future.
Cookies can be used to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about app traffic and site interactions in order to offer better app
                        experiences and service in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track
                        this information on our behalf.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable
                    information
                    unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include service hosting partners and other
                    parties
                    who assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those
                    parties
                    agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe
                    release
                    is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights,
                    property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for
                    marketing,
                    advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services in our app.
                    These
                    third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
                    responsibility
                    or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect
                    the
                    integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put
                    in place
                    to provide a positive experience for users.
                    https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense in our app but we may do so in the future.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Google Drive:
The app
Monny
may request access to Google Drive for import/export backup files
Upon gain access to Google Drive, we will create or use existing folder named
Monny
and
                        only access the file within that folder.
                        Backup files are created into this folder and we list the file with zip or mdf extensions from
                        this folder.
                        We DO NOT access anything outside of this folder. We do not store nor share any of your data
                        from your Google Drive.
Does our app allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
Data Retention
We do not retain or store your personal information on our servers. The email requested during
                        Google Authentication is stored only locally on your device. It is used to enable automatic
                        export
                        of backup files to your Google Drive, once linked with the Monny app, so the end user does not
                        need
                        to authenticate every time an export is required.
To delete your stored email on the app, simply uninstall the app
If you wishes to delete the export backup files on your Google Drive
                        Simply navigate to the
Monny
folder and delete the files or delete the folder entirely
                        Note that doing so will remove all backup files from your Google Drive. And there is no way to
                        restore
                        those files once deleted.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online
                    Privacy
                    Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer
                    protection
                    agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of app and online services must do
                    to
                    protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and
                    the concepts
                    they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the
                    globe.
                    Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is
                    critical
                    to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive
                        action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in app news
Within 14 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to
                    pursue
                    legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
                    This
                    principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also
                    that
                    individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute
                    non-compliance
                    by data processors.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.greamer.com/
monnyapp@gmail.com
https://www.facebook.com/monnyapp/
Posted on: 2017-03-10
Updated on: 2024-10-01