Privacy Policy
In order to provide the AtHome service, we sometimes need to collect information about you. This Privacy Policy explains:
what information we may collect about you
how we use that information
whether we'll disclose your details to anyone else
the use of cookies on the AtHome website
What information will AtHome collect about me?
When you create an account using our online registration system, we may receive personal information about you; currently this information comprises your user name and email-address.
By submitting your details, you enable AtHome(and, if applicable, its contractors) to provide you with the products, services or activities you select.
AtHome may also collect a range of information about the way you use the service, including without limitation device settings, app settings and usage.
Where users are adding IP cameras (as opposed to smartphone cameras) to their AtHome account we scan the local network and return information about devices on your network to our servers, this is so our system can discover your available IP cameras and add them to your account. We will store this device data in our database for the purposes of support and service improvement - it will not be used for any other purpose.
AtHome may also use cookies (see below for details) and collect IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can sometimes uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) from visitors to the AtHome website.
We do not collect or store personal information concerned with payment such as credit card numbers – all payments are processed and handled by our payment processors, currently Paypal ,Google or Apple.
Under the UK Data Protection Act you remain the owner and data controller of your personal video data. Where we store the data we act as data processor. We will only view your video data with your express permission, for example if we are resolving a particular technical problem we might seek your permission to view it or as may be required as part of sharing the information with someone else in accordance with the strict restrictions set out below.
How will AtHome use the information they collect about me?
AtHome will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
to provide our service and to deal with your requests and enquiries;
for "service administration purposes", which means that AtHome may contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular product, service or activity will be suspended for maintenance);
to contact you about a submission you have made, including any content you provide;
to provide you with information about our services, products or activities;
to personalise the way the AtHome service is presented to you;
to use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries and to analyse and improve the AtHome service and provide you with the most user-friendly experience.
Will AtHome share my personal information with anyone else?
AtHome will keep your information confidential except where (i) disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to law enforcement agencies who require the information from us in a formal legal request or pursuant to court orders or legal process), or (ii) we have your consent to disclose the information, or (iii) as deemed necessary, in our reasonable discretion, to protect the legal rights or property of AtHome or a customer or third party, or to prevent personal injury, or (iv) in the event AtHome is required to transfer personally identifiable information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposal of all or part of its business.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are small text files stored on your device when you access most websites.
At AtHome we make use of cookies to improve your experience and to provide us with information about how the web site is being used. Our cookies do not store personal information such as your name or email address.
If, after reading the information below, you have any questions or concerns about our cookie policy please contact us at support@ichano.com.
If you continue to use this website we will assume you consent to the use of cookies for this purpose.
A full list of the cookies we use can be found below .
In addition to our own cookies, we also use third party tools which also use cookies. Information about the third party tools can be found below.
Changing your browser settings to stop cookies
You can choose to manage the cookies we use on our website through your internet browser settings at any time. For information on how to do this, follow the appropriate link below.
Internet Explorer:
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
Chrome:
http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en-GB/more/privacy.html
Firefox:
http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Clear%20Recent%20History
Safari:
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042
Opera:
http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Third Party Cookies
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how the site is being used. Google Analytics reports this information without identifying individual users.
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To find out how to prevent tracking by Google Analytics across all websites, visit .
Further information about cookies
http://www.aboutcookies.org
If you wish to learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit .
Data Protection
We hold personal information in hard copy and electronic formats (including through use of storage in the cloud). We will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure and against other misuse. These steps include password protection for electronic files and running anti-virus software.
In relation to use of our website, please note that our site may contain links to sites of our partners or other third parties.We recommend you check the privacy policies on these sites before posting personal information to them as we cannot accept any responsibility for how they use or disclose your personal information.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en-GB/more/privacy.html:
www.google.co.uk uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
404 - page not found
We can't find what you're looking for...
Not sure how you got here? Go to
chrome.com
Get Chrome for Windows
For Windows 10 32-bit
For Windows 11/10 64-bit
For Windows 11 ARM
For Windows XP/Vista
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
For Windows 8.1/8/7 32-bit
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
For Windows 8.1/8/7 64-bit
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
Get Chrome for Mac
For macOS 11 or later.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
For macOS 10.13/10.14
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
For macOS 10.15
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
Get Chrome for Linux
Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE.
Please select your download package:
64 bit .deb (For Debian/Ubuntu)
64 bit .rpm (For Fedora/openSUSE)
Not Debian/Ubuntu or Fedora/openSUSE? There may be a community-supported version for your distribution.
See Linux Chromium packages
Get Chrome for iOS
Get Chrome for chromeOS
Get Chrome for android
Set Google Chrome as my default browser
Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google.
What are crash reports?
By downloading Chrome, you agree to the
Google Terms of Service
and
Chrome and ChromeOS Additional Terms of Service
Note:
Installing Google Chrome will
add the Google repository
so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date. If you don’t want Google's repository, do “sudo touch /etc/default/google-chrome” before installing the package.
Accept and Install
Accept and Install
Accept and Install
Get Chrome
Download for phone or tablet
Android
iOS
Download for another desktop OS
Windows 11/10 64-bit
Windows 10 32-bit
Windows 11 ARM
macOS 11 or later
Linux
Frozen versions
Windows XP
Windows Vista
Windows 8.1/8/7 32-bit
Windows 8.1/8/7 64-bit
Mac 10.6 - 10.8
Mac 10.9
Mac 10.10
Mac 10.11 - 10.12
Mac 10.13 - 10.14
Mac 10.15
Looks like you’re already using Chrome browser. Nice!
The device you have runs on ChromeOS, which already has Chrome browser built-in. No need to manually install or update it — with automatic updates, you’ll always get the latest version.
Learn more about automatic updates.
Looking for Chrome for a different operating system?
See the
full list of supported operating systems
.
Sub-policy 1
http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/:
Security features of Opera products
For user-friendly descriptions of security features implemented in our products, please visit the respective product pages:
Computer browsers: A safe browser for secure web surfing
Android devices: Fast, efficient, and secure mobile browsers
Opera Mini for basic phones: Faster, cheaper internet for your phone
We also publish lists of Frequently Asked Questions relating to the security of our products. You can find links to the FAQ pages in the top navigation menu.
For general information about browser security, please also check out
Chrome Security FAQ
.
Reporting security issues
If you’d like to report a security issue, first, please check the proper FAQ page (link on the left). Your issue may be covered there and explained, or be out of our scope, or not considered by us a threat.
Opera maintains public and private
Bug Bounty
programs. Out-of-scope security issues can be
submitted directly to us
and are subject to the
Vulnerability Policy
. If your report is valid and we consider the issue to be a real problem, we can place your name in our
Hall of Fame
.
To report malicious situation or suspicious activity related to Opera products and services, please use the
Report Fraud
page.
Contact us securely
You can also send an encrypted email to us using this
GPG Key
.
Desktop, AI Benchmarking tool and Services FAQ
Mobile Browsers FAQ
Vulnerability Policy
WebPKI & Trust Anchors
Security Advisories
Transparency Report