Effective on 2014-03-19
This privacy statement describes how KillerFrog collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection & Use
We collect the following personal information from you: Preferences Information you provide such as favoured schemes. As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your device such as your operating system and device type.
Social Networks
We enable you to create a profile, and share information such as messages, photos, and videos with others within your network. We cannot control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Also we cannot guarantee that the content you post on our site will not be viewed by others outside your network.
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
if KillerFrog is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Security
When we collect personal information directly from you, we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at
budgetplanner@killerfrog.co.uk
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at
budgetplanner@asjit.co.uk
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at
budgetplanner@asjit.co.uk
.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Terms of Use