Privacy Notice for SPSV Licensing & Compliance
This Privacy Notice is issued by the National Transport Authority of Haymarket House, Smithfield, Dublin 7, D07 CF98 (“NTA”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
We are the national licensing authority for small public service vehicles (“SPSV”) and dispatch operators who take bookings for SPSV services. We maintain a register of all licences (each a “SPSV Licence”), including those granted by An Garda Síochána as the licensing authority for SPSV drivers (the “Register”). We monitor the operation of each SPSV Licence and enforce all aspects of the current SPSV Regulatory Framework for all SPSV services. We also operate the SPSV Driver Entry Test, distribute SPSV Driver Identification Cards and administer SPSV Grant Schemes.
The purpose of this notice is to inform you of the data relating to you that we will collect and use in connection with SPSV Licences, the SPSV Driver Entry Tests and any SPSV Grant Scheme and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we will make of such data.
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@nationaltransport.ie
.
Personal Data that We Collect from You
We will collect and process personal data relating to you in connection with your SPSV Licence and our relationship with you. This personal data may include:
• your name and contact details, including your address, phone number and email address;
• your driving licence;
• photographic identification, including photographs for display on SPSV driver display cards and the Driver Check app;
• the unique identifier assigned to you or your SPSV Licence;
• your PPSN or company tax reference number;
• information about your vehicle that is licensed, or proposed to be licensed, as a SPSV (including images taken at inspection);
• information entered in any correspondence you submit in connection with a SPSV Licence;
• evidence that you have passed a SPSV Driver Entry Test;
• your tax clearance status;
• your National Car Test (NCT) issue date;
• evidence of your insurance;
• communications to and from you (including telephone calls); which may include medical records submitted by you (these are not retained once the purpose of processing is completed);
• your debit/credit or bank account details (these are not retained);
• any other personal data relating to you that you provide to us or that we generate about you in connection with your SPSV Licence or your application for any Grant Scheme.
Personal Data that We Collect from Other Sources
We collect and process personal data relating to you in connection with your SPSV Licence from public authorities and bodies, including, for example, your NCT issue date from the Driver and Vehicle Computer Services Division, your tax clearance status from the Office of the Revenue Commissioners and your taximeter verification status from the National Standards Authority of Ireland. We collect and process personal data, including name, photograph and contact details from An Garda Síochána for SPSV driver licence holders.
Purposes of Processing and Legal Basis
We will use personal data relating to you for the purposes of:
• processing your application for a SPSV Licence;
• providing you with a SPSV Licence and your SPSV Driver Identification Cards;
• facilitating your use of your SPSV Licence in accordance with our contract with you and/or our legal obligations;
• managing your SPSV Licence;
• providing you with necessary information and updates about SPSV Licences;
• providing you with customer support, including our SPSV Industry Information Line and contact forms;
• maintaining the register of SPSV licences
• developing, operating and maintaining a regulatory framework for the licensing and regulation of the standards to be applied to SPSVs
• operating the public complaints procedure;
• operating the compliance and enforcement function;
• carrying out research and customer satisfaction surveys;
• generating and analysing statistics regarding SPSV licensing. Wherever possible, personal data will be anonymised before being used for this purpose;
• fraud prevention, investigation and detection;
• establishing, exercising or defending legal claims;
• performing our functions as a public authority and complying with our legal obligations.
The legal bases on which we process your personal data are:
• that this is necessary for the performance of our contract with you governing your voluntary commitment to a SPSV Driver Entry Test, SPSV Licence or in relation to any grant scheme;
• that this is necessary for the performance of tasks that we carry out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us by law; and
• that this is necessary for compliance with the legal obligations applying to us.
Requirement to Provide Data
You are not under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide us with any personal data. However, where you volunteer to provide a public service for reward, SPSV Licences are required by statute. There are some pieces of information that you must provide to us so that we can process your application for a SPSV licence. If you do not provide the required information, we shall not be in a position to issue a SPSV licence.
Safeguards Adopted in relation to Processing
We use a variety of procedures and security measures and technologies to protect your personal information against unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
Only staff members who are suitably authorised can access your personal information where that information is relevant to the performance of their duties in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations. This includes staff working for third parties under contract to us.
We use internal technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, to maintain data accuracy and to help ensure the appropriate use of your personal information.
These security measures include encryption of your personal information, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, 24/7 physical protection of facilities where your personal information is stored, checks for personnel that access physical facilities, and strong security procedures across all operations.
Recipients of Data
We will disclose your personal data to other organisations in connection with the above purposes, including:
• to the Office of the Revenue Commissioners, the Driver and Vehicle Computer Services Division of the Department of Transport Tourism and Sport, National Standards Authority of Ireland Legal Metrology Services and the Department of Social Protection, where required or permitted by law;
• to third parties who we engage to provide services to us in connection with the granting and operation of SPSV Licences, such as outsourced service providers, IT services providers, professional advisers and auditors;
• to other public authorities and bodies where required or permitted by law, such as An Garda Síochána or other law enforcement authorities for the purposes of licensing and the prevention, investigation or detection of crime. This includes the sharing of SPSV data with via the Online Register;
• to members of the public, where permitted or required by law. This includes the sharing of SPSV data with the public, via the Public Register, SPSV Online Services (driver links and vehicle rentals) and Driver Check app;
• to SPSV licence holders, where permitted or required by law. This includes the sharing of SPSV data via SPSV Online Services to enable the creation of driver links and vehicle rentals.
NTA does not sell or hire your personal information to third parties for their own use or for marketing purposes.
Retention
• We will not hold your personal data for longer than is necessary. We retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Notice, or to comply with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise.
• Information on a SPSV Licence is held for six years after the date of expiry of the SPSV Licence.
• Information in relation to a SPSV Driver Entry Test is held until such a time as the SPSV Licence is granted, or if longer, for five years after the date of a successful SPSV Driver Test. Unsuccessful test data is retained for two years. Information received via the SPSV Industry Information Line is held for up to one year. Medical records are deleted as soon as the case has been processed and a decision made.
• Information received in upheld complaints or enforcement activities relating to the holder of a SPSV Licence is held for six years after the date of expiry of the SPSV Licence. Information received in conviction cases is held for seven years after the date of expiry of the SPSV Licence. Those matters which are not upheld are not retained against a licence.
• Search logs created by the Driver Check app and captured by our systems are deleted after 30 days.
• Search logs created by the Public and Online Registers and captured by our systems are deleted after 6 months.
• We do not record or keep card payment information.
Automated Decision Making
In certain circumstances, the application process for a SPSV Licence may be subject to automated conclusions, for example where a SPSV Licence requirement is based on a “matter of fact set out in law” such as the age or the NCT status of the vehicle or the tax status of an owner. Such conclusions are automated by the NTA using direct digital reference to other Government data.
If your SPSV Licence application is rejected through automated processing we will always send you the reason in plain English. If you believe the reason to be wrong, you need to contact the relevant Government agency to have your details corrected directly with them, i.e. Revenue Commissioners for tax matters, the National Vehicle and Driver File for vehicle matters and National Standards Authority of Ireland for taximeter matters. If your SPSV Licence application was rejected because we need you to provide further information to us we will explain exactly what we need and you can then re-submit your application accordingly.
You always have the right to object or appeal an application decision by contacting us at either of the following:
• Post: National Transport Authority, Haymarket House, Smithfield, Dublin 7, D07 CF98
•
Contact Us
• Phone: 761 064 000
Your Rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:
• the right to access your personal data;
• the right to request the rectification and/or erasure of your personal data;
• the right to restrict the use of your personal data;
• the right to object to the processing of your personal data; and
• the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to require us to transmit that data to another controller.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
privacy@nationaltransport.ie
.
Updates
We will occasionally update this policy. We encourage you to periodically review licence communications and our website for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Complaints
If you are not happy with the way we are using your personal data or how we facilitate your rights or comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commission by emailing
info@dataprotection.ie
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nationaltransport.ie/further-information/privacy-statement/:
Public Transport Services
Public Transport Services | Home
Public Transport Contracts
Rural Transport Programme/TFI Local Link
Public Transport Services Planning
Annual Bulletins
Fares Determination
Bus Stops
Commercial Bus Services
Taxi/SPSV
Taxi/SPSV Home
Taxi/SPSV Contact Us Form
SPSV Forms and Guides
Vehicle Licensing
Driver Licensing
Planning & Investment
Planning and Investment Home
Transport Modelling
Strategic Planning
Transport Investment
Capital Programme Office
Publications & PQs
Publications
Parliamentary Questions
News
Latest News
News | Taxi/SPSV
News | Connecting Ireland
News | Active Travel
News | Smarter Travel
More
About us
Career Opportunities
TFI Smarter Travel
Connecting Ireland
Transport Technology
Public Consultations
Vehicle Clamping Regulation
Toggle search form
EN
English
Gaeilge
Search for:
Search
Open
Close
Page
Menu
Accessibility
Cookie policy
Environmental information
Freedom of information
Open
Close
Freedom of information menu
Publication Scheme
Privacy statement
NTA Transparency Statement
Protected Disclosures
SPSV Privacy Statement
Terms and conditions
Sitemap
Share this
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share via email
This Privacy Statement is issued by the National Transport Authority of Dún Scéine, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Lane, Dublin 2 (“NTA”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
The purpose of this notice is to inform you of the data relating to you that we collect and use in connection with the website
www.nationaltransport.ie
and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we make of such data. The NTA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites.
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us at
info@nationaltransport.ie
or you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@nationaltransport.ie
.
See details of the
TFI Customer Contact Centre Privacy Policy
here.
Personal Data that we collect and process
We collect and process personal data relating to you in connection with your use of this website, and our relationship with you. This personal data may include:
Your name and contact details, including your address, phone number and email address.
Information that you provide in any online application form, including Freedom of Information requests and the SPSV online contact forms.
Information that you submit during a consultation process with us; including name, email address, home address and organisation. Anonymous submissions can be made by post.
Information that you submit during Transport or Traffic Surveys.
Any other personal data relating to you that you provide to us or that we generate about you in connection with your use of the website
www.nationaltransport.ie
.
Website Usage Data
We use a monitoring application to collate and analyse certain statistical information about the use of this website. When you visit our website, the following information is retained about that visit:
IP (Internet Protocol) address;
The number of times per visit a request for data was received from each IP address;
The entry page to our website;
The length of time spent on our website;
The exit page from our website;
The IP address of a link if used to access our website;
The identity of any search engine used to access our website;
A list of all the pages visited while in our website; and
The name of the browser used, e.g. Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer.
No attempt is made to identify individual users or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual.
Purposes of Processing and Legal Basis
We will use personal data relating to you for the purposes of:
Improving and developing this website;
Processing application forms, including for Freedom of Information requests;
Engaging in a consultation process
Carrying out research and customer satisfaction surveys;
Carrying out Transport or Traffic Surveys;
Sending you promotional and marketing materials, subject to any preferences that you express when we collect your contact details or subsequently. You can opt out of receiving promotional and marketing materials from us at any time by contacting
info@nationaltransport.ie
;
Generating and analysing statistics regarding usage of this website, including the frequency of use of individual pages (where possible, personal data will be anonymised before being used for this purpose);
Fraud prevention, investigation and detection;
Security: detection and investigation of potential breaches;
Establishing, exercising or defending legal claims; and
Performing our functions as a public authority and complying with our legal obligations.
The legal bases on which we process your personal data are:
That this is necessary for the performance of tasks that we carry out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us by law (including but not limited to Dublin Transport Authority Act 2008, Public Transport Regulation 2009, Vehicle Clamping Act 2015 and the Taxi Regulation Act 2013);
That this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that applies to us; or
That you have given your consent to the processing.
Recipients of Data
We may disclose your personal data to other organisations in connection with the above purposes, including:
To public service transport operators;
To third parties who we engage with to provide services to us in connection with this website, such as outsourced service providers, IT services providers, professional advisers and auditors; and
To other public authorities and bodies where required or permitted by law, such as the Gardaí or other law enforcement authorities for the purposes of the prevention, investigation or detection of crime.
Retention
We will not hold your personal data for longer than is necessary. We retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Notice, or to comply with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise between you and us.
Feedback, queries, complaints and other correspondence submitted on our website or by email are retained for 7 years. Public consultation submissions are retained for a period of up to 7 years. The retention period for Freedom of Information requests, responses and feedback is indefinite.
Your rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:
The right to access your personal data;
The right to request the rectification and/or erasure of your personal data;
The right to restrict the use of your personal data;
The right to object to the processing of your personal data;
The right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to require us to transmit that data to another controller; and
Where our processing of your personal data is based on you having provided consent, the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time by emailing
info@nationaltransport.ie
.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
privacy@nationaltransport.ie
.
Cookies
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting Cookies, or to stop it accepting Cookies from a particular website. However, if you disable all Cookies we cannot tell if you are signed in and some features of our Sites may not work correctly and you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit. See our
cookies page
for more information.
Managing Cookies
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the Help option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
Safari for iOS
.
If you wish to check and manage third party advertising cookies, you can turn these off by going to the
Your Online Choices site
.
Updates
We may occasionally update this policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Complaints
If you are not happy with the way we are using your personal data or how we facilitate your rights or comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner by emailing
info@dataprotection.ie
.
GDPR start date: 24th May 2018
SPSV Industry Users Privacy Statement
Smarter Travel Users Privacy Statement
Transport for Ireland Users Privacy Statement
BusConnects Privacy Statement
TFI Live App Privacy Policy statement
TFI GO App Privacy Policy statement
Share this
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share via email
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Off
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Off
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Off
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Back
Vendor Search
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
33Across
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
33Across
View Privacy Notice
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies