Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: April 1, 2019
Respecting the privacy rights of our customers is very important to us. We are committed to complying with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”). This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) sets out how Big Bus Tours Limited (“
Big Bus
”, “
we
” or “
our
” or “
us
”) collects, stores and uses personal data about you when you visit our website (
bigbustours.com
) and our mobile, tablet and other applications (our “
Sites
”). This Privacy Policy applies to all our Sites regardless of how they are made available to you or accessed by you.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you start using our Sites, as this policy will apply to your use of our Sites.
By accessing, browsing and using our Sites, you confirm that you accept this Privacy Policy. If you do not want your data to be used as set out in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Sites. However, you do not have to consent to any of our marketing to use our Sites or receive our products. If you have consented to direct marketing but have subsequently changed your mind, please opt out via the most recent marketing email you received from Big Bus Tours.
Your use of our Sites, including any orders you place, is governed by our
Terms and Conditions
. Please take the time to read these, as they include important terms which apply to you.
Table of Contents:
Who We Are and How to Contact Us
What Information Do We Collect and Why Do We Collect It?
How We Collect Your Personal Data
Failure to Provide Your Data
Direct Marketing: Your Consent Matters
Who Do We Share Your Information With?
International Data Transfers
Your Rights
Security of Your Data
Retention of Your Data
Cookies
Other Websites
Location Based Services
Children Under 13
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
The data controller who is responsible for your personal data when you use our Sites is
Big Bus Tours LTD
, with registered office address at 110 Buckingham Palace Road, SW1W 9SA London. If you have any questions about how we treat your personal data, please contact us via one of the following channels:
Email Address:
privacy@bigbustours.com
Postal Address: Data protection officer, Big Bus Tours Head Office, 4th Floor, 110 Buckingham Palace Road, SW1W 9SA, London, United Kingdom
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY DO WE COLLECT IT?
When you visit our Sites, we may collect:
Information such as your computer’s IP address, browser type and version and information collected from cookies when you are browsing our Sites. We collect this information to help us understand how to improve our services and our Sites and to ensure that the content on our Sites is presented to you in an effective manner. We have a legitimate business interest for this processing: to ensure that our Site is operating effectively and to provide you with a great service.
Personal information such as your name, address, telephone number and email address as provided by you when you register to Big Bus Tours, opt in to marketing communications when connecting to Wi-Fi on the bus, or place an order with us and enter your payment card details. We collect this information for the following reasons:
To process your order. We engage third party processors to process the payment of your order online. We collect this information to perform a contract with you and, if you fail to give us the information that we request, then you may not be able to place an order via our Sites. If you consent to them doing so, the third-party processors may store your payment card details to speed up your transaction time.
For product and Site development (for example, call backs for feedback on new products), for statistical, market research, testing and survey purposes, to notify you about changes to our Sites or our services. We have a legitimate business interest to collect this information: to continue to improve the services we provide to you;
To ensure you receive marketing and offers that are of most interest and relevance to you. To help us achieve this, we may share your data with third party analytics companies to understand your purchasing options. We have a legitimate business interest to collect this information: to get to know your preferences and to personalise our offers to you to improve the marketing you receive from us. However, we will only send you marketing communications where you have given your consent.
To comply with our legal obligations under applicable laws and regulations.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Information you directly provide to us:
We collect the data that you enter on the Site when you purchase one of our services or otherwise interact with us, or that you provide in any other manner such as by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data when you purchase a service or product, request marketing to be sent to you, or give us feedback or contact us.
Information that we automatically collect from you:
We automatically collect certain types of data when you visit and interact with us on the Sites. This data may include IP address, location, email address, the browser you used to visit our Sites, and the time and duration of your connection. The data we receive may depend on your browser or device settings.
Cookies and similar technologies:
We also collect personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies, to understand and save your preferences for future visits, and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further details.
FAILURE TO PROVIDE YOUR DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with one of our sightseeing tours).
DIRECT MARKETING: YOUR CONSENT MATTERS
What have I consented to?
We will not send direct marketing messages to you unless you have opted-in to our marketing. If you have opted-in, this means that we may contact you via your chosen media (such as SMS, email or mail):
with offers about our products;
to deliver relevant, tailored advertising to you with information about products or services we feel may interest you.
Can I withdraw consent?
You are always free to opt-in to our marketing and you are always free to opt-out at any time; this will never have an impact on our commitment to provide you with great service and a quality product. Once you have unsubscribed from marketing messages, we will stop sending you marketing messages as soon as possible but, in any event, will do so no later than 30 days from your request to withdraw consent.
How long do you keep my consent?
For all contacts already opted in to our communications, we will assume you want us to keep in touch until the point you have voluntarily opted out.
Updating your consent
Our database will automatically remove you from our communications once unsubscribed. If you previously opted in from a historical purchase (as permitted under applicable law), but on your next purchase choose not to receive marketing communication from us on some or all media, then we will update our/your records accordingly.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
We may share your personal information with a purchaser or a potential purchaser of our business. We have a legitimate business interest to do this: to assist with the sale or potential sale of our business.
We may also share use your information with third party payment processors, data matching, data analysis or direct marketing companies to perform services on our behalf (such as, for example, Google, Facebook and Instagram) who will only be permitted to use your personal information for the purpose of performing that particular function strictly in accordance with our instructions and not for any other purpose. Please see
“What information do we collect and why do we collect it?”
above for further information.
In some circumstances, we may have to disclose your personal information as permitted or required by law, because a court or the police or other legal or regulatory enforcement agency has asked us for it.
We may also share your personal information with our professional advisers such as our lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who assist us in running our business and to comply with our legal obligations.
We require all third parties that we work with to treat your personal information as confidential and to fully comply with all applicable data protection and consumer legislation.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("
EEA
") pursuant to:
a) the model clauses published by the EEA pursuant to Commission Decision C(2010) 593 Standard Contractual Clauses (Processors) and a copy of the model contract clauses is available here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en
;
(b) an adequacy decision of the European Commission, meaning that the country to which we transfer your personal data has been deemed to provide the same level of protection to your personal data as it has in the EEA and a current list of such countries is available here
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en
; or
(c) where we transfer or store personal data in the United States, the EU-US Privacy Shield framework, which is explained here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
.
You may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by
contacting us
.
It may also be processed by selected third parties operating outside the EEA engaged in, for example, the processing of your payment details. We will ensure that these third parties are contractually obliged to protect your personal data to the same level as described in this Privacy Policy.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
YOUR RIGHTS
Subject to any exceptions and derogations under applicable law, you have the rights to:
where we rely on your consent (e.g. for our direct marketing), withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data;
access your personal data;
receive (or transfer to a third party) your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format;
request us to rectify any inaccurate personal data that we may hold;
request us to erase personal data where: (a) it is no longer necessary for us to hold such personal data; (b) you no longer consent to the processing of your personal data; (c) your personal data has been unlawfully processed; or (d) we are otherwise required by law to erase your personal data;
make a complaint with the national data protection authority in the country where you are based. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority so please
contact us
using the contact information provided above.
You may
contact us
at any time using the contact details supplied above to exercise any of the rights which apply to you. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and to exercise any of your rights.
SECURITY OF YOUR DATA
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. To prevent unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and corporate policies to safeguard and secure the information we receive.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted to our Sites and any transmission is at your own risk. If we become aware of any accidental or unauthorised access to or use of your personal data, we will notify you of such data breach in accordance with applicable laws.
RETENTION OF YOUR DATA
We will store the data we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we collected it and in accordance with applicable law.
When assessing the data retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. If we are required to retain your data under applicable laws, then we will implement appropriate measures to safeguard its confidentiality.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Sites may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
OTHER WEBSITES
We may link to other websites which are not within our control. Once you have left our Sites, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide. Any data you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
LOCATION BASED SERVICES
We use Location Based Services (“
LBS
”) to understand traffic patterns in venues (our fleet of buses). The location data we capture helps us to understand venues (our fleet of buses), such as how long customers are on board for, and how they generally move around tour routes. This helps us enhance operational efficiency and improve user experience.
If you would like to find out more about the data we collect through Mobile Location Analytics MLA, please take a look at our solution providers’
privacy policy
. Note that you can opt out of location analytics by disabling location tracking on your device.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
The Sites are not intended for use by children or minors under the age of thirteen years without the permission of a parent or a guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted personal data on or through our Sites without the consent and supervision of a parent or a guardian, please
contact us
via the information provided above so we can take appropriate action.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will update the version date at the top of this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. Should you have any questions or object to any alteration, please
contact us
via the information provided above.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bigbustours.com/privacy-policy/privacy@bigbustours.com:
The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.
We’re sorry!
This page is out of service. Hop back on the right route below.
Take me back to the homepage
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
We use cookies to improve your experience and the performance of our website. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to our use 
        of cookies.
Big Bus Tours Cookie Policy
Manage Cookies
Allow All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
open chat
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome/:
Skip to content
Trade Registration
Already Registered?
Log In
*First Name
*Last Name
*E-mail
*Password
Password must have:
At least
12 characters
At least
one lower case letter
At least
one upper case letter
At least
one number
At least
one special character
*Confirm Password
*Organization Type
--None--
U.S. Business
Foreign Business
Trade/Industry Association
Business Service Provider/Consultant/Lawyer
Economic Development Organization
Government
Researcher
*Organization Name
*Country
--None--
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
*Postal Code
ITA Employee?
Log In
Sub-policy 2
https://purple.ai/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Speak to an Expert
en
es
Purple WiFi (“We,” “Us,” or “Our”) know that you take the privacy of your information and how it is used and shared very seriously. We will only use your personal information in accordance with the current data protection laws in your country and this privacy policy. This privacy policy describes how We aim to repay the trust you have shown by sharing your personal data with Us. This policy applies to all the websites We operate, Our use of emails, and any other methods We use for collecting information. It covers what We collect and why, what We do with the information, what We won’t do with the information, and what rights you have. Personal data collected through Our WiFi service is configured by Our customers (who operate the venues where you access the WiFi) through their end-user registration and you should consult their privacy policy for full details of the data they are collecting and how they intend to use it. This privacy policy only applies to personal information We hold about individuals. It does not apply to information We hold about companies and other organisations. We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the amended version on Our website.
Who We Are
In this policy, whenever you see the words (“We,” “Us,” or “Our”), it refers to Purple Wifi Ltd, First Floor, Sandringham House, Hollins Brook Park, Pilsworth Road, Bury, BL9 8RN. Registered in England Company No: 06444980.
Information We Collect
We will only ever collect the information We need, including data that will be useful to help Us improve Our services. We may automatically collect and process the following data about you:
Any log-in information you provide when you use guest WiFi services offered by Our customers at their venues, information taken by Us from the social media account (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc.) through which you access Our WiFi service. The information collected through Our WiFi service is configured by Our customers through their end-user registration and you should consult their privacy policy for full details of the personal data that is collected. (Submitted Information).
Any correspondence between you and Us, your responses to any surveys that We ask you to complete for research purposes, details of any transactions which you carry out through the service, your browsing history, and details of your use of the service including (without limitation) location, data, weblogs, and other communication data and resources accessed by you (Additional Information).
Any information which We collect about the computer, tablet, cellular telephone, smartphone, or other electronic device used to access the service (device) including (where available) the MAC address of any connected network interface, the unique device identifiers, operating system, browser types, and telephone number (if applicable) of the device (Device Information).
Any information which We collect about your actual location and relative signal strength, and data collected by Us for WiFi enabled devices present at a location by means of relative signal strength from WiFi access points from which an X/Y coordinate is calculated (Location Information).
Any data collected by Us when your device is used to access the service including (without limitation) internet protocol addresses, internet service providers, browser types, language, viewed and exit pages, and date and timestamps (Log Information).
Details of your visits to Our site, including but not limited to, IP addresses (the location of the computer on the internet), pages accessed, and files downloaded. This helps Us determine how many people use Our sites, how many people visit on a regular basis, and how popular Our pages are. This is statistical data about Our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. It simply allows Us to monitor and improve Our service.
We may record incoming telephone calls for training and quality control purposes. We may also record outgoing telephone calls in response to a query submitted through our website or when returning a telephone call you have made to us.
Personal information, such as name, postal address, phone number, email address, date of birth, gender, and social media account details (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) that you provide by registering and using Our WiFi services, filling in forms on Our web site (www.purple.ai), and when you contact Us via telephone and include information provided when you:
Subscribe to receive one of Our e-communications.
Enquire about a specific product or service.
Request information via telephone.
Request a call back.
Respond to a campaign.
Enter a competition or promotion.
Submit a question to Us or provide Us with feedback.
You are provided with an opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from Us or Our partners at the time that your details are submitted and on each occasion that you are contacted thereafter. Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of Our site. This helps Us provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and allows Us to improve Our site. For detailed information on the cookies We use and the purpose for which We use them, please see Our cookie policy. If you want to disable cookies, please refer to your browser’s help option.
How We Use the Information We Collect
If you have provided Purple Wifi with personal data to access WiFi in a venue, then We will use this data for the performance of the contract described in Our terms and conditions of service which you agreed to when accessing the service. We may also process your personal data for Our legitimate business interests. “Legitimate Interests” means the interests of Our company in conducting and managing Our business and providing you with the best services and products in the most secure way. These interests include:
To ensure that content from Our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To collate and aggregate anonymised information for consumer analysis and statistical reporting.
To associate submitted information and/or additional information and/or device information and/or location information and/or log information to enable analysis by Us and the owner or sponsor of any venue at which you use the service as to how people move around such venues. In such circumstances, the MAC address of your device is masked to prevent linking data to other sources.
To contact you regarding your opinions of Our products and services, which may be used for research and analysis to help Us to improve or modify those products and services.
To help Us identify you when you contact or visit Us.
When dealing with your inquiries and requests.
To help Us improve the quality, security, and safety of Our products and services.
To carry out analysis and service improvement.
When you communicate with Us for customer service or other purposes (e.g., by emails, faxes, phone calls, tweets, etc.), We retain such information and our responses to you in the records of your account.
When We process your personal data for Our legitimate business interests, We always ensure that We consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection laws. If you have any concerns about the processing described above, you have the right to object to this processing. For more information about your rights, please review the “Your Rights” section below.
Choice / Opt-In and Opt-Out
Whenever the processing of your personal data requires your consent then you will be given the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out to having your contact details used, as set out above, at the time your details are submitted. For example, when you request product information, you can tell Us when you provide your details if you do not want to receive any other information from Us or Our partners, or you can let Us know how best to get in touch with you with information that may be of interest. If you do not wish Us to use your data as set out above, please leave the relevant boxes, situated on the form which We used to collect your data, blank/unticked. Please be aware that if you opt out of marketing communications received from one of our partners, and your information is also held by other partners, you may continue to receive information from these other partners until you inform them that you wish to opt out of marketing communications as well.
Sharing Your Information
Just like most other organisations, We work with third-party service providers which provide important functions to Us that allow Us to be easier, faster, and friendlier in the way We deliver Our services. We need to disclose user data to them from time to time, for any of the purposes set out above, so that the services can be performed. We have listed below the parties to whom We may disclose your personal data for the purposes set out in this policy:
Our employees.
The owners of the venues where you access Our WiFi services.
Virtual hosting infrastructure providers to host our servers and data, and to provide other services to Us.
Third party consultants, service providers, or contractors when providing support and other services to Us.
Auditors or advisers assisting Us in Our business operations in any jurisdiction where we operate.
Some of our partners drop cookies on this site, they may associate these cookies with hashed emails, IP addresses and browser types for the purpose of making advertisements more relevant to you during your browsing experience. Detailed information on these cookies, including ways in which you can opt-out, can be found in our
Cookie Policy
and through the Privacy Preference Centre which can be found on our website. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data, for legal or regulatory purposes, in relation to existing or future legal proceedings for the prevention of fraud/loss or to protect the rights, property, safety of Our Group, Our customers, or others.
Data Security
Our standard policy is to store your personal Information on hosted services located in Eindhoven, in the Netherlands for data collected in the UK, EU and Africa, in Los Angeles, USA, for data collected in North and South America and in Sydney, Australia for data collected in Asia and Australasia. We also store select data on hosted services located in London, UK, for data collected worldwide. However, from time to time, We may allow individual customers to store your personal information on their own servers located within their own country when they are legally obligated to do so or when they request this. We may transfer the information to other offices and to other reputable third-party organisations as explained above – they may be situated inside or outside the European Economic Area, if this is the case We ensure that compliant safeguards are put in place and clearly communicated to you. We may also store information in paper files. We have security protocols and policies in place to manage and record your data privacy and preferences correctly, and that your data is stored securely to protect against its loss, misuse, and alteration. Documentation can be supplied on request from Our Data Protection Officer using any of the contact methods listed below in the “Your Rights” section. Unfortunately, the transmission of data across the internet is not completely secure. While We do Our best to try to protect the security of your information, We cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur while data is being transferred. We will keep your information only for as long as We need it to provide you with the services or information you have required, to administer your relationship with Us, to comply with the law, or to ensure We do not communicate with people that have asked Us not to. When We no longer need information, We will always dispose of it securely by using specialist companies if necessary to do this work for Us. If you are a user of Our WiFi services and you do not log in to one of Our WiFi venues for more than 13 months, all personally identifiable data We store about you is deleted.
Your Rights
Under the data protection legislation, you have the right to request copies of your data, request rectification of your data, request erasure of your data, object to Us processing your data, utilize the right to prevent your data being used for direct marketing, request Us to restrict the processing of your data and, where Our systems allow, utilize the right to access a copy of the information We hold about you (a subject access request) and utilize the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority. We will require proof of your identity before we are able to provide you with any personal information that we have about you. The following information provides additional details about some of these rights and how to exercise them:
Right to Make a Subject Access Request (“SAR”)
You have the right to view and request copies of your personal data that We have about you. You are able to view or delete this information through Our portal. Login details are emailed to you when you first register on our WiFi services. You may also request this information by contacting Us via one of the methods described below.
Right to Rectification
You can request that we rectify inaccuracies and missing information in personal data we have about you.
Right to Object to Processing
You may have the right to object to Us processing your personal data and request that We stop processing it. You may do this by emailing Our Data Protection Officer (see below for details).
Right to Request Erasure
You have the right to have your personal data erased where the data is no longer necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected/processed unless We have legitimate grounds or a legal right(s)/obligation(s) to store your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer in writing at Our First Floor, Sandringham House, Hollins Brook Park, Pilsworth Road, Bury, BL9 8RN. For more information about your rights, please directly contact your local supervisory authority.
Data Erasure Request
Email Address
*
This field is required.
Submit
This field is required.
588813f40372facd22cd607bb3f5b5c8
Data Export Request
Email Address
*
This field is required.
Submit
This field is required.
18ab9a2f4425e8e60aa30e038510d209
Please note that by filling out the data export or data delete request forms above, this will only export or delete the data we hold on our website. If you wish to export or delete any data captured during WiFi authentication at a Purple-powered venue, please visit the
MyData Portal
.
Privacy Policy
Created on 17 April 2023
Last updated on 26 July 2024
© 2025 Purple. All Rights Reserved.
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimize site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Accept all
Preferences