You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.
skip to main content
Your are using an old browser version . Please update your browser
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.
EGYPTAIR
EGYPTAIR DATA PROTECTION
EGYPTAIR DATA PROTECTION
Page Content
​​​​​​​​​​​EGYPTAIR
EGYPTAIR is committed to protecting the privacy of the persons who use its products and services. The purpose of this EGYPTAIR Data Protection Policy is to inform you, as a visitor to EGYPTAIR´s website or as user of EGYPTAIR´s services, of what kinds of information we may gather about you when you use our services, how we may use that information, to whom we disclose it, and the choices you have regarding our use of data
This privacy policy applies to​ the services of EGYPTAIR, including our websites, and other services that incorporate this policy (although we will refer here only to EGYPTAIR to make reading this policy easier). Other EGYPTAIR products and services may also have their own privacy policies, which you should review when you use these services.
1.Our contact details
1.1	The EGYPTAIR group
As a customer or website visitor, your customer relation is primarily handled by EGYPTAIR AIRLINES COMPANY, who is also primarily responsible for ensuring that all affected Egyptair companies handle personal data in line with our Privacy Policy and with applicable data protection laws. Other members of the EGYPTAIR group may take part in the processing of your personal data, depending on the circumstances.
If you have any concerns about how we process your data, or would like to opt out of direct marketing, we ask you to get in touch at
dataprotection@egyptair.com
.
You can reach Fraud department at
fraud_p@egyptair.com
The EGYPTAIR group consists of the following legal entities:
​
1.2	Our Representative in the European Union
If you have any questions, you can also contact our Data Protection Representative. He can be reached at the following contact details:
Email:
msrepresentative-dataprotection@egyptair.com
Postal address: EGYPTAIR Administration,49 Rue de Ponthieu, Paris 75008, France.
1.3 Our Representative in United Kingdom and North Ireland
If you have any questions, you can also contact our Data Protection Representative. He can be reached at the following contact details:
Email:
msrepresentativeuk-dataprotection@egyptair.com
Office address: EGYPTAIR Lincoln House ,137 - 143 Hammersmith Road London W14 0QL.
1.4 CODE SHARES
On some services we have arrangements with other carriers known as "Code Shares". This means that even if you have a reservation with us and hold a ticket where our name or airline designator code (MS)is indicated as the carrier, another carrier may operate the aircraft. In the event of a Code Share, EGYPTAIR will advise you of the Carrier operating the aircraft at the time you make your reservation. For Code Share services on flights operated by another Carrier, in such event the operating Carrier conditions of carriage shall apply to such transportation. Those rules are incorporated herein by reference and form a part of these Conditions of Carriage. For the conditions of carriage of MS Code Share partners we refer you to their websites or your travel agency . Information about EGYPTAIR 's Code Share Partners is available on EGYPTAIR.com. You should review the rules for flights operated by another carrier under a Code Share agreement and familiarize yourself with such things as flight check-in time limits, requirements and policies regarding unaccompanied minors, carriage of animals, refusal to transport, oxygen services, irregular operations, denied boarding compensation and baggage allowance/ acceptance among others.
2.What information do we collect from you?
We collect and process personal data about you when you book or use our services, websites and apps.
2.1	When you book a flight or become a passenger on one of our flights
EGYPTAIR stores your personal information if you provide it to us yourself, for example, during registration or during contractual transactions (e.g. booking a flight). This includes:
Your name, your gender and your date of birth,
your home address, email address and phone number;
your payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses and credit card details, where you make purchases from us
Your booking and reservation details, including the locations of departure and arrival and the times of your travels.
Special notice regarding sensitive data:
Please note that if you submit information on meal preferences that may indicate your religious belief then this data is used to provide the according service to you, and such data will be used by us and stored in our system as part of your passenger data. We will also submit this data to our service providers.
Please note that if you submit health related information, such as information on your medical condition or the need of a wheelchair service, then such health-related data is used to provide the according service to you, and such data will be used by us and stored in our system as part of your passenger data. We will also submit this data to our service providers.
2.2	When you become a member of EGYPTAIR Plus, our frequent flyer programme
We store information about you for our EGYPTAIR Plus loyalty programme, such as:
Your customer details, such as your Egyptair Plus customer number, user name, date of birth
Your booking preferences
Details on the trips you have taken, including the locations of departure and destinations
Earned miles
Awards and bonuses that you have used
2.3	When you use other services from EGYPTAIR
If you use other services from EGYPTAIR, we will usually collect information about you such as:
Your name, your gender and your date of birth,
your home address, email address and phone number,
your payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses and credit card details, where you make purchases from us,
marketing preferences, including any consents you have given us,
your usage of our services.
2.4	When you use our website and apps
We analyse traffic on our website in order to understand our customers' requirements and, based on these, to protect our website against attacks and to continually improve our site. For this reason we store the IP address of a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and further user-specific information such as the screen resolution and the used Operating System as standard. The IP address is not linked to a specific person.
Data from individual uses of our website is stored for error analysis. We use also use cookies to track visitor preferences and to improve the design of its websites accordingly.
2.4.1	Use of web analysis tools
EGYPTAIR carries out measurements on EGYPTAIR websites using the web analysis tool (Google analytics). Cookies are used for measurement and the access data is collected in an anonymised form so that no connection can be made to a user. In particular this is done by anonymising the IP address.
Only authorised persons have access to this data.
2.4.2	Use of attribution tools – cookies and fingerprinting
We use attribution tools for the purpose of marketing and improving our services. To that end, we use services and attribution tools from third party service providers such as:
Google Adwords Remarketing
DoubleClick Floodlights (Conversion)
DoubleClick Floodlights (Remarketing)
DoubleClick Search - Category ("Statistics")
These attribution tools are used to collect and store data about your use of this website and its sub-pages. This data can be used to create anonymous user profiles. For more privacy information and to manage your privacy preferences regarding Google and DoubleClick tools please go to
privacy.google.com
.
Attribution tools use technologies such as Cookies, web beacons and fingerprinting:
Cookies
are small text files stored locally in the cache of the internet browser of the person visiting the site. You can learn more about cookies on the website allaboutcookies.org.
Web beacons
are small graphic data (also known as ‘Pixel Tags’ or ‘Clear GIFs’), which can be included in our websites, apps, applications and newsletters and are usually used in combination with cookies to identify users and user behaviour. The above mentioned statements about cookies apply accordingly for web beacons; web beacons will in particular not be used in case you objected to the use of the relevant cookie.
The
Fingerprinting
technology stores environmental variables of your devices in a database, but does not store clear user-related data such as an IP address. Cookies and/or Fingerprinting make(s) it possible to recognise your device and identify you as a user.
The data collected using the attribution tools will create personal profiles, but will not be used to identify visitors by name.
You can object to the storage of your anonymous visitor data in the future via the following measures:
You can choose to opt out of this type of advertising permanently by going to
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
For further information about how to refuse cookies, please refer to your browser ‘Help’ section or see
www.allaboutcookies.org.
We might no longer know that you've opted out of online behavioral advertising, so the banners from our third-party advertisers will reappear when you visit other selected websites.
We might no longer automatically recognize that you have agreed to our cookies policy and website terms and conditions and will ask for confirmation of this along with your language and country preferences.
2.4.3	Social media integration
At various places on our websites and mobile applications we have implemented social network/ social media features. These include:
Links to EGYPTAIR websites in social networks
“Like” or “Share” buttons
Embedded content, such as videos
Such embedded content may be used by the providers of the above features to identify you, the source of a visit, and how you use the websites of EGYPTAIR. This may, depending on the circumstances, occur during your visit to our websites.
When you use the recommendation functions, this communicates the URL of the respective EGYPTAIR website to the social network you have picked. A number of networks then immediately supplement the link with an excerpt of the content provided by EGYPTAIR. With most social networks, you are asked for confirmation before this is saved or forwarded.
We have integrated social media tools from the following providers into our websites:
Google
(privacy policy)
Facebook
(privacy policy)
Twitter
(privacy policy)
YouTube
(privacy policy)
Instagram
(privacy policy)
Linkedin
(privacy policy)
Please note that the obligation to comply with applicable data protection law rests primarily on these providers, and EGYPTAIR has only limited knowledge or influence on how social networks deal with the information they collect through their services. For more information on how these providers process personal data and your rights and options in this regard, we refer to the privacy notices of these organisations.
2.5	Why do we collect and use your personal data?
We collect and use your data primarily to enable you to book and purchase tickets and for us to provide specific services. We also use your data for the general commercial purposes of EGYPTAIR, which include market research and marketing, compliance, fraud prevention and strengthening customer satisfaction and loyalty.
The legal basis for EGYPTAIR processing your personal data is the performance of our contracts with you (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), compliance with applicable law (Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR) and our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). Our legitimate interests include ensuring the safety of our flights, services and websites; to share data within the EGYPTAIR group when separate legal entities of this group cooperate; and to prevent fraud and other harm to us and third parties.
We explain the purposes of our data processing in more detail below.
2.5.1	When you make a booking and when you are a passenger:
We use your personal data:
for you to book and purchase tickets and reservation and for us to provide the according services, including EGYPTAIR Plus if you have registered as a member.
for the purpose of market research, creating customer loyalty, for marketing our products and services to you.
for handling customer requests and complaints.
for compliance with legal obligations, inter alia in relation to mandatory immigration processes in conjunction with Egypt´s or foreign public authorities, to ensure flight safety and security and to combat fraud.
2.5.2	When you use our website and apps:
We process your data to make our website and apps available to you, including the creation of your user account, providing you a subscription to newsletters and provide you with a seamless usage experience on our websites and apps.
We use mobile analytics tools to better understand the functionality of our mobile applications. These tools may record information about your usage, including how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, and where the application was downloaded from.
2.6	Who might we share your personal data with?
Depending on your use of services and the type of personal data, we will share your data within the EGYPTAIR group and with third-party service providers.
2.6.1	Recipients
The recipients of your personal data may include, depending on the circumstances:
Other airlines when you travel on itineraries that require multiple flights on multiple airlines (“interlining”), or when you book a codeshare flight in which two or more member airlines share the same flight.
Reservation system providers (sometimes known as a Global Distribution System or GDS) who facilitate the transmission of booking information from your travel agent to the carrier.
Ground handling service providers, who assist us in performing our services to you, and who may perform services on our behalf. Such services include, inter alia, baggage handling, check-in and boarding assistance and special needs assistance at the airports.
Other providers with whom we cooperate to deliver our services, such as accredited travel agents, transportation companies, car rental companies, hotels or credit card providers.
Immigration and security authorities of the EU and of your destination country, who require us to submit personal data for the purpose of immigration and security background checks, in line with the applicable law of the respective country. Usually, such legal regulations involve the transmission of data on the identity and on the travel documents (passport, visa) of the passengers and crew on board of the aircraft.
Please note that all data you provide during a booking may be subject to transmission. For more details, complaints or data information please feel free to contact us on telephone number 1717 (at local rates within Egypt).
The International Air Travel Organisation IATA is providing General Data Protection and Privacy Information, including links to the Data Protection Notices of other airlines and reservations systems providers. You can find this information under
https://www.iatatravelcentre.com/privacy.htm.
2.6.2	Data transfer outside of the EU
Some of the recipients of your personal data will be located outside the European Union and have access to all or some of the personal data collected by EGYPTAIR (name, passport number, trip details, etc.).
In case of such a transfer EGYPTAIR will, depending on the circumstances, transmit this data only to perform a contract with you or a contract that is beneficial to you, to comply with specific legal requirements, or on the basis of data protection safeguards such as the “standard data protection clauses” provided by the EU.
3.How long will we store your personal data?
EGYPTAIR is committed to storing your personal data for no longer than necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. For example, where you book a flight with us we will keep the information related to your booking so that we can fulfil the specific travel arrangements you have made. After that we will keep the information for a period which enables us to handle or respond to any complaints, queries or concerns relating to the booking. Furthermore, we store your personal data in accordance with the retention period imposed by applicable law and regulations.
Each retention period depends on the purpose for which the data is being processed by us, and takes into account regulations which impose specific retention periods for certain categories of data. We will actively review the information we hold and delete it securely when there is no longer a legal, business or customer need for it to be retained.
4. Your rights
4.1	Data subjects rights
In relation to EGYPTAIR processing your personal data you may have specific rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The below explanation applies only to you if the GDPR applies to you and the respective data processing activity.
You have the rights to ask us for further information on how we process your personal data; for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this data to another controller if such a sharing mechanism is available.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we do not have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. To exercise any of these rights, you can get in touch with us – or our data protection representative – using the details set out at the beginning of this policy. If you have unresolved concerns and if the GDPR applies to you, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
4.2	Your right to withdraw any consent you have given
If you have not paid for the Ticket prior to the specified ticketing time limit, as advised by us or our Authorized Agent, we may cancel your reservation.
4.3 PERSONAL DATA
Where you give us consent we might send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services, or other products and services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners. On other occasions where we ask you for consent we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
Wherever we rely on your consent you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your data for other purposes. In some cases we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication provided. You can also alter your preferences at any time in the 'Newsletter services' section.
5.How to get in touch with us and your right to complain to supervisory authority?
We work hard to handle your information responsibly. If you are unhappy about the way we do this, or if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us, using the email address
dataprotection@egyptair.com
or the contact information provided in section 1.
We hope that we will be able to resolve any concerns you may have.
6.How will we inform you of changes to this Privacy Policy?
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will let you know about the changes by publishing the updated version on www.egyptair.com. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and will continue to do so in any future changes we make to this Privacy Policy. ​
​​​​​​​​​​​