myStop® Mobile Privacy Policy
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Data Controller and Owner
Data Controller Contact Information
Avail Technologies, Inc.
1960 Old Gatesburg Rd., Suite 200
State College, Pennsylvania 16803
Phone: 814-234-3394
Fax: 814-234-3393
Email: support@availtec.com
Full policy
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are geographic position, Cookies, and Usage Data.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Location-based interactions and Displaying content from external platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Maps widget
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Location-based interactions
Geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position
Disclosure of Information & Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities by Court Order or Government agency rule or order.
Information that was or comes into the public domain through no act of Avail may also be disclosed.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Avail Technologies, Inc. and hosted on Avail Technologies, Inc.’s servers.
Definitions and legal references
Latest update: June 8, 2017
Avail Technologies, Inc. hosts this page and collects some Personal Data about Users.
The Rapid Improves Service Fast with Avail
Avail has really come a long way, and we are so happy that there is no going back to the ‘dark ages'. Reporting, in particular, has dramatically improved.
James Bunn
Technical Systems Administrator for The Rapid
Read More