Privacy Policy
Last Modified:11 November 2024
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via email at
[global.support@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (“OAID”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. The information we collect will not be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Information Collected Through  Integration
When you use the  integrated features in BeautyCam, we may collect and process personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details.For a list of our third-party service providers, 
        please
click
here.  If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[global.support@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide our Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation(collectively, “
GDPR
”), you will find the relevant details on the processing of your personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transfer immediately upon signing up for 
          membership and from time to time via telecommunication network when necessary
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
We may also transfer your personal information to the third-party service providers located
         outside of South Korea which provide advertisements within our Services. For further details
          on how we collect and use such information, please refer to the “Advertising-Related Information”
           section in this Privacy Policy. For a list of our third-party service providers, please
click
here.
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
You may refuse the above overseas transfer of your personal information 
        by contacting our department in charge of protecting personal information as stated
        below.  If you refuse to the said overseas transfer of your personal information, we
        will exclude your personal information from those subject to overseas transfer.
        However, in such case, we may restrict your use of our Services that require overseas 
        transfer of personal information.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Google LLC.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
Processing of Personal Location Information (For Users in South Korea)
Purposes of processing personal location information and retention period
The name of location-based service provided by us and the purpose of processing personal location information and
          retention period thereof are as follows:
Name of Service
Description of Service and Purpose of Processing Personal Location Information
Retention Period of Personal Location Information
Targeted advertising service
Provision of targeted advertising services using personal location information
Retention period necessary to provide services to users
Geotagging service
Geotagging of photo taken at landmarks, etc.
Grounds for and retention period ofdata verifying use and provision of personal location information
We record and retain data verifying use and provision of location information pursuant to Article 16, Paragraph (2)
          of the Act on Protection and Use of Location Information (the “Location Information Act”) for at least 6
          months.
Procedures and methods for destruction ofpersonal location information
We take measures to ensure complete destruction of personal location information in an irrevocable manner
          when the purpose of processing personal location information is achieved.  Electronic files are destroyed by
          technical means that cannot be restored or reproduced, and printouts are destroyed by shredding or incinerating.
Matters concerning provision of personal location information to a third party
and notification
                  thereof
;
We will not provide personal location information to any third party without obtaining prior consent from
          you. If we provide your personal location information to a third party designated by you, we will notify
          you of the designated recipient’s name, date and time of the provision, and purpose of
          the provision at the time of each provision without delay.
We will provide personal location information only in the following cases (i) where you consent to the
          provision of personal location information for the purpose of using the services provided by an external
          partner; (ii) where we are obligated to provide your personal location information pursuant to
          applicable laws and regulations; or (iii) where there is an imminent risk to your life or safety is
          identified and it is necessary to provide your personal location information to resolve such risk.
Rights and duties of legal guardians and the method of exercising such rights and duties
Where a legal guardian of user who falls under any of the following categories consents to the use or
          provision of personal location information for the protection of such user's life or body, it will be deemed
          that the user has given consent thereto.
A person under adult guardianship
A person with a mental disability defined in Article 2 (2) 2 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities,
              who is classified as a person with a severe disability defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Act on the
              Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities (limited to those registered as
              disabled persons under Article 32 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities);
A legal guardian who intends to consent to the use or provision of personal location information for the
          protection of such user’s life or body shall submit a written consent to us, together with a document
          evidencing his/her legal guardian status.
After giving consents to the use or provision of such user’s personal location information, the legal
          guardian can exercise all of the rights of the personal location information on behalf of the user under
          the Location Information Act.
Name, contact information such as telephone number of location management officer or department in charge of
              protecting personal location information and handling complaints.
Information Technology Department
compliance@meitu.com
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 08/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 22/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 04/05/2023)
Privacy Policy (updated on 31/05/2023)
Privacy Policy (updated on 12/06/2023)
Privacy Policy (updated on 03/09/2024)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that we may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information from the photos or images
        you provide. We may use such information to verify your identity, to provide and improve the Service, and for our
        internal research purposes. If your biometric information is subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy
        Act, we will delete your biometric information within three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
          information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
correct your personal information;
request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal
          information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly
          significant effects concerning you;
request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote
            “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will
        process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by
        informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
        California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time)
        (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
        collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service
        provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
                    Purpose
Identifiers
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e))
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Commercial information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Biometric information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Sensory data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g, 34
                C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state
                identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or
                credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials
                allowing access to an account
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical
                beliefs, or union membership
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless
                Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
        using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How We
        Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will retain
        personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
        nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for “cross-context
        behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have actual knowledge of any
        “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral
        advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
To provide the Services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
          integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible
          for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve, upgrade, or
          enhance our Services or devices.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights
        conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted
        under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
        verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Examples of
        our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with
        you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
        your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your designated
        agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
        GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
        personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information on
        our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
Information on the controller
Identity and contact details of the controller
Meitu (China) Limited
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Identity and contact details of the controller’s representatives
The European Union
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
The United Kingdom
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Meitu (China) Limited
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Information on the processing of personal data
Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information between your
                terminal device and the applications’ server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content accessed, the
                content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not a statutory or
                contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the
                data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Unique
                Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID), User ID (UID), Identifier for
                Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated
                Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type
                of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and
                resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include information
                such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage,
                performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the location
                of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and system time
                zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device
                statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS coordinates
                where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the front and rear cameras
                and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
                photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial mapping
                information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
                referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced when the
                token is expired (after 30 days).
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
                geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information,
                IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for the
                purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of our Services
                and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
For a list of the recipient of Advertisement Data, please
click
here
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse data
                regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or
                providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
For a list of the recipient of Advertisement Data, please
click
here
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to assist in
                law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
                controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with any failure
                of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used for the
                provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing, website
                fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision of our
                websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of incidents (e.g. DDoS
                attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third
            countries and/or international organizations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
For a list of recipients of advertisement data, please
click
here.
Information on the use of cookies or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
        storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
        of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or your
        device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or a
        website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie and
        the information it contains can be retrieved.
a)
First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
        cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or by a
                processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website that are
                not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b)
Transient
            and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser is closed
c)
Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
        distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested by a
                participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
Management of the cookies
            used in our app and on our website
a)
Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the
            data protection settings of our app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
        your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in the
        information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
        However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b)
Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different browsers
        have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
        you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
Cookies used in our app and
            on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired
                (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days)
No
Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
          I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
        your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on the
        processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in Art. 15
        GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
        your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information listed
        in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the categories of
        personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have
        been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR.
Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
        inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR.
Right to erasure
            (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions provided
        in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to erase
        your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR applies. This
        can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they
        were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of
        any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one of
        the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is necessary
        for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
        (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
        GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy of
        the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify the
        accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
        (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR.
Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
        hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
        processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR.
Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
        object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the
          particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling based
        on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
        GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
        GDPR Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and
        freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to
        such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes
        in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to withdraw
              consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
        pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
        processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
        consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
Right to lodge a complaint
              with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions provided
        in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authorities responsible for us are:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information Commissioner’s Office
E-mail: dpo@ico.org.uk
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in
              this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General Data
        Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR.
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
        Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
        natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly
        or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data,
        an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
        cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
        which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on
        personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
        organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
        transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
        destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
        the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse
        or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
        preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
        where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the
        specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
        body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may
        receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall
        not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with
        the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
        other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or
        processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
        governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement between
        two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
        (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom.
FOR USERS IN VIETNAM
If you are a user in Vietnam, this section will supplement and constitute an integral part of the Policy, and is
            formulated in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations in Vietnam, including Decree 13/2023/ND-CP on
            personal data protection (as amended from time to time) and other relevant laws, regulations, regulatory
            requirements and national standards that govern or otherwise relate to the processing of your personal information
            during the use of our Services (collectively, the “
Vietnam Privacy
                    Regulations
”).
The terms in this section shall have the same meaning defined under the Policy unless otherwise clearly specified. In
            the event of any conflict between the terms in this section and the provisions of the main body of the Policy, the
            terms in this section will prevail.
The Information We Collect
In this Policy, “
personal information
” or
            “
personal data
” refers to any information in the form of symbols,
            letters, numbers, images, sounds or the like on an electronic medium that is associated with a particular person or
            helps to identify a particular person. Personal information includes basic personal data and sensitive personal
            data.
Some of the personal information that we collect may comprise “
sensitive personal
                    data
”. This refers to personal data that is associated with your privacy that, when
            violated, will directly affect your legitimate rights and interests. Sensitive personal data that we collect and
            process include but not limited to location information, voice information and facial feature information.
Scope of Processing
The Policy explains how we “
process
” your personal information. This
            includes how we may collect, record, analyse, verify, store, correct, disclose, associate, access, retrieve, revoke,
            encrypt, decrypt, copy, share, transmit, provide, transfer, delete, destroy or undertake such other related actions
            in respect of your personal information.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
We will only process your personal information when we have a legal basis to do so. In most cases, we process your
            personal information after we have obtained your consent for the purposes listed in the Policy.
Your personal information may also be processed in the following cases and for which your consent will not be
            required, including:
in cases of emergency where it is necessary to immediately process the relevant personal information to protect
                the life and health of you or others;
disclosure of the personal information in accordance with the law;
processing of personal information by the competent state agencies in the event of a state of emergency on
                national defence, national security, social order and safety, major disasters or dangerous epidemics; or where
                there is a risk of a threat to security and national defence but not to the extent of declaring a state of
                emergency; or to prevent and combat riots and terrorism, to prevent and combat crimes and violations of the law
                in accordance with the law;
fulfilment of obligations under contracts with you with relevant agencies, organisations and individuals as
                prescribed by law;
to serve the activities of state agencies as prescribed by specialised laws; and
other cases as prescribed by the law.
Your rights
In accordance with the applicable Vietnam Privacy Regulations, you have the following rights in respect of your
            personal information that you disclose to us:
Right to know:
You have the right to be informed of the data
                processing activities in respect of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to consent
: You have the right to agree (or not agree) to the processing
                of your personalinformation, except in the following cases:
in cases of emergency where it is necessary to immediately process the relevant personal informationto protect
                the life and health of you or others;
disclosure of the personal informationin accordance with the law;
processing of personal informationby the competent state agencies in the event of a state of emergency
                on national defence, national security, social order and safety, major disasters or dangerous epidemics; or
                where there is a risk of a threat to security and national defence but not to the extent of declaring
                a state of emergency; or to prevent and combat riots and terrorism, to prevent and combat crimes and violations
                of the law in accordance with the law;
fulfilmentof obligations under contracts with you with relevant agencies, organisations and individuals as
                prescribed by law;
to serve the activities of state agencies as prescribed by specialisedlaws; and
other cases as prescribed by the laws.
Right of access
: You have the right to access your personal
                        informationin order to view, correct or request correction of your personal information, unless the law
                        provides otherwise.
Right to withdraw consent
: You have the right to withdraw your consent
                        in respect of the processing of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to deletion
: You have the right to delete or request the
                        deletion of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to restriction of data processing
: You have the right to
                        restrict the processing of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise. The restriction
                        will be carried out within 72 hours after your request, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to be provided with data
: You have the right to request us to
                        provide you with your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to object:
You have the right to object our processing of your
                        personal information in order to prevent or limit the disclosure of your personal
                        information or its use for advertising and marketing purposes, unless the law provides otherwise.
                        We will fulfil your request within 72 hours after receiving such request, unless the law provides
                        otherwise.
Right to complain, denounce and initiate lawsuits
: You have the right
                        to complain, denounce and initiate lawsuits in accordance with the law.
Right to claim compensation
: You have the right to claim compensation
                        in accordance with the law if there is a violation of the applicable laws, unless the law provides or
                        agreed otherwise by you and us.
Right to self-defence
: You have the right to self-defence according to
                        the applicable law, or to request the relevant agencies and organisations to protect your civil rights
                        as prescribed in Article 11 of Vietnam's Civil Code.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any question about our processing of your personal information, please
            send us a request using the contact details specified at the beginning of this Policy. In order to process this
            request, note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information in order to confirm your identity.
Your obligations
In accordance with the applicable Vietnam Privacy Regulations, you have the following obligations in respect of your
            personal information that you disclose to us:
To protect your own personal information and to request relevant organisations and individuals to protect your
                personal information;
To respect and protect the personal information of other data subjects;
To fully and accurately provide your personal information when you consent to the processing;
To participate in the distribution of personal information protection skills; and
To comply with the provisions of the law on the protection of personal information
Retention duration
We will process your personal information commencing from the time in which you access or use our Services
            and for a period that is no longer than necessary for the purposes identified in this Policy.
If we are required to process your personal information pursuant to or in order to comply with a legal obligation, we
            will keep your personal information for as long as it is required by us to comply with such obligation. Upon expiry
            of the applicable data retention period or required by law, we will delete your personal information.
Organisations involved in the processing of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, for processing in accordance with the purposes set out in
            the section “How we Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure”. Some of
            these parties may be located outside of Vietnam. These parties who are related to or involved in the processing of
            your personal information include:
Service providers that provide servicesto help with our business activities, including those involved in
                providing advertising, payment processing, customer service, fulfilment of subscription services, research and
                analytics, and cloud computing infrastructure;
Operators of social media platformsif you choose to share photos and/or videos on a social medial platform;
Law enforcement agencies, public authorities and regulators;
Our affiliates; and
Any other third party for the purposes set out in the section “Information Sharing and Disclosure”.
Language
This Privacy Policy is prepared and drafted in English, but may be translated into other languages (including but not
            limited to Vietnamese). Should any conflict arise between the English language version of this Agreement and any
            translation hereof, the English language version shall be controlling.
개인정보 처리방침
마지막 수정: 2023년 11월 27일
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
당사
”, “
당사를
” 또는 “
당사의
”)는 사용자(“
사용자
” 또는 “
귀하
”)의 개인 정보를 보호하고자 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호
        정책(이 "
정책
")은 당사가 해당 데이터 보호법에 따라 컨트롤러 및/또는 비즈니스로서 모든
        기능을 포함하여 BeautyCam 애플리케이션을 사용하는 동안 귀하의 사용자
        정보(귀하의 개인 정보 포함)를 수집, 저장, 사용, 관리 및 보호하는 방법에 관한
        당사의 관행을 설명하기 위한 것입니다(당사 "
서비스
").
본 정책의 범위는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사가 수집하거나 수신한
        귀하의 사용자 정보(개인 정보 포함)로만 제한된다는 점에 유의하시기 바랍니다.
        이 정책에서 "
개인 정보
"는 수집된 정보와 관련된 개인을 식별, 연락 또는 위치 확인에 사용할 수 있는
        모든 정보 또는 정보 조합을 의미합니다.
당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 이 정책과 이 정책에 제공된 방식으로
            개인 정보를 포함한 사용자 정보의 수집, 사용, 처리, 보유, 공개 및
            공유함에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 정책의 조건 또는 이 정책에 대한 후속 변경
            사항에 동의하지 않는 경우 당사 서비스 사용을 재고해 주시기 바랍니다.
특정 범주의 데이터를 제공은 필수 사항입니다(수집 시 지정된 대로). 필수
        표시된 데이터를 충분히 제공하지 않는 경우 등록 절차를 완료하거나 서비스를
        제공하지 못할 수 있습니다. 또한, 본 정책에서 용어를 정의하지 않는 한, 본
        정책에서 사용된 모든 대문자 용어는 서비스 약관에서와 동일한 의미를 가집니다.
        따라서 서비스 약관을 읽고 이해했는지 확인하세요.
본 정책 또는 개인 정보 보호 관련 문제에 대해 질문이 있는 경우 이메일
compliance@meitu.com
(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용
) 또는 등기 우편(Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1
        Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong <주의: Meitu 법률 부서>)을 통해
        데이터 보호 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다. 개인정보 보호 또는 지적
        재산권 침해와 관련이 없는 기타 모든 문의, 피드백, 제안 및/또는 불만
        사항(구독 취소, 결제 분쟁, 환불 요청 및 뷰티캠의 기술 지원을
        포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)은 이메일(
global.support
@meitu.com
)을
통해 당사에
문의하시기 바랍니다
.
귀하의 이메일이 잘못된 주제와 관련하여 잘못된 이메일 주소로 전송될 시
            해당 요청이 제대로 처리되지 못하거나 지연될 수 있습니다.
수집하는 정보
당사 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 당사는 본 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보
        및 사용자 정보를 수집하고 처리합니다. 귀하가 이 정보를 제공하지 않으면
        Meitu는 귀하에게 제품이나 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다. 귀하는 당사에 제출된
        모든 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보가 완전하고 정확하며 진실되고 올바른지 확인해야
        합니다. 귀하가 그렇게 하지 않으면 당사가 귀하에게 당사 서비스의 전부 또는
        일부를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다.
계정 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 서비스 및 모든 해당 기능을 최대한
        활용하기 위해 당사 계정에 가입하는 것이 좋습니다. 귀하가 계정을 만들 때
        당사는 다음 정보를 수집하고 이는 귀하를 식별하거나 귀하에게 서비스를
        제공하는 데 이용될 수 있습니다.
필수 : 휴대전화번호, 기기ID
선택 사항: 이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일 및 위치
누구나 당사 서비스에 액세스할 수 있지만 특정 서비스("
가입 서비스
")는 가입비가 필요한 경우가 있습니다(예:프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스, 광고 권한
        누리기 등). 구독 서비스에서 구매하기로 선택한 경우 장치 ID와 같은 특정 개인
        식별 정보를 수집합니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서는 거래 및 갱신을
        처리할 목적으로 귀하의 금융 정보 및 청구 주소를 수신, 액세스 또는 사용할 수
        있습니다. 만약 제 3자 앱 스토어나 결제 프로세서를 통해 구매를
        한다면, 해당 구매에 대한 개인 금융 정보의 수집 및 사용 방법에 대한
        자세한 내용은 해당 제 3자의 이용 약관을
        확인해야 합니다. 당사는 의심의 여지를 없애기 위해 귀하로부터 어떠한
        금융 정보도 수집하지 않습니다.
모바일 장치 정보
모바일 장치에서 당사의 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하의 장치에 대한 정보를
        수집할 것입니다. 이 정보에는 국제 모바일 장비 식별 번호(IMEI), 고유
        장치 식별자(UDID) 또는 Android 식별자, 범용 고유 식별자(GUUID), 사용자
        식별자(UID), 광고 식별자(IDFA) 및 공급업체 식별자(IDFV), 개방형 익명 장치
        식별자(OAID), 통합 회로 카드 식별자(ICCID), 미디어 액세스 제어(MAC)
        주소, 사용하는 장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치에 설치된 모바일
        애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도가 포함됩니다. 이 정보는 통계 및/또는 분석
        목적으로 사용되며, 기술 기능 향상, 서버 부하 분산, 귀하의 모바일 장치와
        관련된 기술 데이터 분석을 통한 서비스 및 그래픽 최적화 등을 포함합니다.
아래 "위치 정보" 섹션에 명시된 바와 같이 귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한
        경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수
        있습니다. 나중에 위치 정보 공유를 중단하려면 모바일 장치에서 관련 설정을
        편집하여 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석
당사는 당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선할 수 있도록 모바일 분석
        소프트웨어를 사용합니다. 이러한 소프트웨어는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도,
        애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터 및
        애플리케이션 다운로드 위치와 같은 정보를 기록할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사용자가 사용하는 통신사 및 네트워크의
        분포를 이해하기 위해 통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형을 포함하여 귀하가 사용하는
        네트워크에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. 또한 귀하가 선호하는 당사 서비스 이용
        환경을 파악하기 위해 귀하가 연결하는 WiFi 네트워크의 이름, WiFi 네트워크의
        위치, WiFi 연결 시간 등의 정보를 수집합니다.
위치 정보
귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의
        위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
필수: 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대
선택 사항: 국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
이 정보는 사용자 분포 및 사용 시나리오를 이해하는 데 도움이 되며 사용자에게
        올바른 버전의 앱, 지리적 위치의 재현 또는 사진을 찍거나 모든 동영상을
        촬영하는 실시간 지리적 위치 게시를 제공할 수 있고 서비스를 개선합니다.
        귀하의 동의를 얻지 않는 한 위치 데이터는 귀하를 개별적으로 식별하기 위해
        획득되거나 사용되지 않습니다. 이 방침에서 별도로 명시된 경우를 제외하고,
        당사는 이 위치 정보를 제3자와 공유하지 않습니다. 더 이상 당사가 그러한
        정보를 수집하거나 사용하는 것을 원하지 않는 경우, 귀하는 인터넷 접속 또는
        GPS를 끄거나 귀하의 네트워크, GPS 및 기기 정보에 대한 접근을 비활성화하면
        됩니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용한 결과로 당사는 귀하의 네트워크 정보, IP
        주소 및 시스템 시간대와 같은 일부 위치 정보를 계속 수신할 수 있습니다.
로그 정보
귀하가 특정 콘텐츠 생성 및 브라우징을 포함하여 일부 서비스를 사용할 때
        BeautyCam에 저장된 특정 관련 로그 정보("
로그 정보
")를
        자동으로 수집합니다. 로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와
        빈도에 대한 세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를
        포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다. 본 로그 정보는 서비스를 개선하는 데
        사용되며 사용자를 개별적으로 식별하는 데 사용되지 않습니다.
이미지 정보
당사 서비스의 클라우드 편집 기능을 사용하기로 선택함으로써 귀하는 귀하에게
        그러한 서비스를 제공하고 지속적인 최적화를 위해 처리한 후에 처리된 사진을
        귀하에게 반환하고자 귀하의 사진을 서버에 업로드해야 하고 또한 귀하의 장비에
        더 나은 사진 효과를 제공하는 등 서비스를 더욱 최적화하기 위해 귀하의 사진에
        대한 EXIF 데이터(EXIF 데이터에는 장비 제조사에 따라 사진을 촬영하고 처리한
        GPS 좌표, 장비 종류, ISO, 전후방 카메라 정보, 생성 시간 등이 포함될 수
        있음)를 수신함을 이해하고 동의합니다.
음성 안내
BeautyCam에서 마이크를 활성화함으로써 귀하는 비디오 편집을 위해 음성
        데이터(예: 오디오 클립 또는 음성 녹음)를 수집할 수 있다는 데 동의하게
        됩니다. 귀하의 음성 정보를 광고 목적으로 사용하지 않습니다. 장치의 운영 체제
        설정을 사용하거나 장치의 마이크를 음소거하여 언제든지 장치의 마이크에 대한
        BeautyCam의 액세스를 끌 수 있습니다.
메타데이터
메타데이터는 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련된 기술 데이터를 가리킵니다. 즉,
        메타데이터는 데이터를 설명하는 데이터입니다. 예를 들어, 메타데이터는 컴퓨터
        알고리즘과 인공지능에 의해 생성되고 태그가 지정된 사진 속 인물의
        얼굴 특징, 성별, 나이 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에 대한 분석 결과를
        설명할 수 있습니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사진 메타데이터를
        사용하여 정확한 "얼굴 인식", "주요 지점 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 및
        이러한 기본 기능의 조합을 기반으로 하는 기타 사용자 정의 기능을 포함한 특정
        기능을 제공합니다. 당사는 당사 앱이 귀하의 사진을 처리할 때 귀하의 사진
        메타데이터를 사용하여 더 적합한 필터와 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공할 수
        있습니다. 당사는 또한 메타데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 더 맥락상으로 관련된
        제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 특징 정보
특정 서비스를 제공하기 위해 위에서 언급한 메타데이터를 활용하는 것과 별도로
        귀하의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)를 수집하고
        얼굴 인식 기술을 사용하여 사진 및 카메라 경험에서 얼굴을 인식할 수 있습니다.
        당사는 얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능을 제공하기 위해 얼굴 마크를
        감지하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 당사가 수집하는 정보는 특정 개인을
        식별하는 데 사용되지 않으며, 언급된 기능을 제공하기 위한
        목적으로만 사용됩니다. 콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시
        얼굴 매핑 정보는 파기됩니다. 이 정보는 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다.
당사는 다른 목적으로 결과를 사용하거나 파일의 데이터를 캡처하거나 기록
        목적으로 서버에 데이터를 업로드하지 않습니다.
쿠키
당사는 이용자 개개인에게 맞춤화된 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 이용자의
        이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 '쿠키(cookie)'를 사용합니다. 쿠키란
        앱/웹 사이트를 운영하는데 이용되는 서버가 이용자의 기기에 보내는 소량의
        정보이며 이용자 기기 내의 하드디스크에도 저장됩니다. 귀하는 쿠키 설치를
        거부할 수 있습니다. 수집된 정보에는 귀하의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소,
        브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 공급자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제,
        날짜 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
쿠키의 사용목적 : 쿠키는 이용자가 방문한 각 서비스 및 웹사이트에 대한 방문
          및 이용형태, 인기 검색어, 보안접속 여부 등을 파악하여 이용자에게 최적화된
          정보 제공을 위해 사용됩니다.
쿠키의 설치, 운영 및 거부: 사용자는
support
@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내어 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 기재)
.
이용자가 쿠키의 저장을 거부할 경우 맞춤형 서비스 이용에 어려움이 있을 수
          있습니다.
ChatGPT 통합을 통해 수집된 정보
귀하가 뷰티캠에 통합된 ChatGPT 기능을 사용할 때, 당사는 귀하의 텍스트 입력
        및 생성된 출력에 포함된 개인정보를 수집하고 처리할 수 있습니다.
광고 관련 정보
당사 및 당사의 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 당사 서비스 내에 광고를 포함할 수
        있으며 귀하의 동의 하에 이러한 광고를 전달하고 추적할 목적으로 귀하의 광고
        ID, 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소와 같은 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집하고 사용할 수
        있습니다. 장치에 광고 ID가 없는 경우 다른 영구 식별자를 사용할 수 있습니다.
        또한 당사는 귀하의 앱목록에 액세스하고 귀하의 장기에 설치된 애플리케이션의
        애플리케이션 패키지 이름을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 위의 정보를 사용하여
        적합성, 언어, 지리적 위치 및 기타 세부 정보를 기반으로 광고를 더 잘 계산,
        추적 및 제공할 수 있습니다. 관심사 기반 광고 수신을 거부하려면
global.support
@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내 수신을
        거부할 수 있습니다. 관심 기반 광고를 선택 해제한 후에도 일반
        광고는 계속 수신됩니다.
제3자 서비스가 수집하는 정보
귀하에게 제공되는 당사의 서비스에는 당사 서비스 제공자의 애플리케이션
        프로그래밍 인터페이스(API) 또는 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)가 포함될 수 있으며
        이는 해당 서비스 제공자의 추적 도구가 있을 수 있습니다. 이러한 제3자는 당사
        서비스에서 쿠키, API 및 SDK를 사용하고 사용자 정보를 수집 및 분석할 수
        있습니다. 또한 일부 제3자 SDK는 귀하와 더 관련 있는 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해
        광고주가 정보를 수집하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 제3자는 각자의 개인 정보 보호
        정책에 따라 장치 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치 정보
        및 IP 주소와 같은 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 그러한 제3자에 대한 자세한
        정보는
compliance@meitu
.com
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"이라고 인용하십시오)으로 이메일을 보내실
            수 있습니다
.
기타 정보
당사는 또한 귀하의 신원과 관련이 없는 기타 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 예를
        들어, 당사는 시스템 업그레이드를 더 잘 파악하기 위해 귀하의 운영 체제 유형
        및 버전 번호에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있고, 언어 적응을 위해 귀하의 시스템
        언어에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있으며, 사용자 기본 설정을 파악하기 위해 귀하의
        앱 목록을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사가 그러한 정보 수집을 하기로 선택한다면
        귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 향상시킬 목적으로 수집하게 됩니다.
정보 사용 방법
위에 나열된 용도 외에도 다음 목적을 위해 사용자 정보 및 개인 정보를 수집하고
        사용합니다.
서비스.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및
          당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
통계 분석.
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 제품 및 서비스
          사용 통계를 개발 및 분석.
계정 생성하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하여 계정을 생성할
          때 수집하는 개인 정보는 귀하의 계정 및 프로필을 생성하는 데 사용됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스를 제공하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할
          때 당사 또는 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 귀하에게 광고, 올바른 서비스 버전을
          제공하고 귀하가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻도록 돕기 위해 귀하의 위치 정보를
          이용할 수 있습니다.
사용자 경험을 향상시키기.
사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 특정
          선택적 기능을 통해 당사는 당사의 제품 및 서비스 사용에
          관한 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을 개선할 수 있습니다.
푸시 서비스를 제공하기.
당사는 장치 정보를 사용하여 광고
          성능 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공을 평가하기 위해 푸시 서비스를
          제공하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림을 제공할 수 있습니다.
귀하의 신원 확인하기.
귀하가 계정에 로그인할 때 문자
          메시지를 사용하여 귀하의 신원을 확인하면 귀하의 계정에 대한 무단 로그인을
          방지할 수 있습니다.
귀하로부터 피드백 수집.
귀하의 피드백은 서비스
          개선에 큰 도움이 됩니다. 귀하의 피드백을 추적하기 위해 Meitu는 귀하가
          제공한 개인 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 연락하고 기록을 보관할 수 있습니다.
기타 목적.
당사는 "당사가 수집하는 정보"에 따른 목적과
          작업 운영, 정당한 이익 추구 및 법적 의무 충족을 위해 귀하에 관한 정보를
          수집, 저장, 유지 및 사용할 것입니다(예: 연구(마케팅 조사 포함), 네트워크
          및 정보 보안, 및 사기 방지).
정보 공유 및 공개
당사는 당사의 사업 활동을 돕기 위해 당사를 대신하여 서비스를 제공하는
        제3자와 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스에는 다음이 포함될 수
        있습니다.
주문 이행 및 패키지 배송;
귀하에게 광고 제공;
결제 처리;
고객 서비스 제공;
구독 서비스 실행;
연구 및 분석 수행; 및
클라우드 컴퓨팅 인프라를 제공합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적을 제외하고 귀하의 개인 정보 전체 또는 일부를
        제3자(당사의 서비스 제공업체 제외)와 공유하거나 공개하지 않습니다:
(i) 다른 사람이나 재산의 보안을 보호;
(ii) 사기 방지 또는 처리;
(iii) 당사의 정당한 권리와 이익을 보호;
(iv) "당사가 수집하는 정보" 또는 "당사가 정보를 사용하는 방법" 섹션에 설명된
        목적에 따라 조치 취함;
(v) 일반적으로 인터넷 보안과 당사, 당사 사용자 및 제3자의 권리, 재산 및
        안전을 유지하기 위해 고안된 법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국, 법
        집행 기관 또는 민간 단체의 요청을 준수; 및/또는
(vi) 합병, 인수, 자금조달 실사, 개편, 파산, 관리, 회사 자산 매각 또는 귀하의
        정보가 매각 또는 이전될 수 있는 기타 사건에 관련된 거래를 평가하거나
        완료합니다.
귀하의 정보 사용을 위한 근거
당사는 합법적인 근거가 있는 경우에만 개인정보를 수집 및
        처리하며, 일반적으로 다음 네 가지 법적 근거 중 하나에 의존합니다.
동의(귀하가 동의한 경우);
계약(예: 사이트 운영 또는 귀하가 요청한 서비스 제공과 같이 귀하와의 계약
          이행을 위해 처리가 필요한 경우);
정당한 이익(예: 귀하의 계정 보호, 고객 지원 제공을 포함하여 서비스를
          제공하고 개선하기 위해 귀하의 정보를 사용해야 함). 당사는 그러한 이익이
          귀하에 대한 영향에 의해 무시되지 않는 경우에만 우리의 정당한 이익을 법적
          근거로 삼습니다(당사가 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않았거나 당사의 처리가 법에 의해
          달리 요구되거나 허용되지 않는 한); 및
법적 의무(법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국 또는 법집행 기관의
          요청을 준수하기 위해).
당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법을 대상으로 법적 근거에 관한 질문이
        있는 경우
compliance@meitu.com
으로 문의주시기 바랍니다
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
.
제3자 웹사이트 및 서비스
당사 서비스에는 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스에 대한 링크가 포함될 수 있습니다.
        또한 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스는 당사 서비스를 참조하거나 링크할 수 있습니다.
        이러한 다른 도메인 및 웹사이트는 당사가 관리하지 않으며 당사는 제3자
        웹사이트 또는 서비스에 대해 보증하거나 진술하지 않습니다. 당사는
        상호작용하는 모든 웹사이트 및 서비스의 개인정보 보호정책을 사용자가 읽도록
        권장합니다. 이러한 다른 웹사이트나 서비스를 방문하는 것은 귀하의 책임입니다.
정보 보안
당사는 정보의 유실, 부적절한 사용, 무단 접근 또는 공개를 방지하기 위해
        합당한 조치를 취합니다. 예를 들어 당사 서비스 중 일부는 귀하의 개인 정보를
        보호하기 위해 암호화 기술(예: SSL)을 사용합니다. 그러나 (인터넷 업계에서)
        합리적인 보안 조치를 취하더라도 귀하의 정보가 100% 안전하다고 항상 보장할
        수는 없음을 귀하는 이해하고 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 당사에 제공한 정보의
        보안을 보장하거나 보증할 수 없음을 이해하고 동의합니다. 당사는 의도하지 않은
        공개에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 또한 귀하는 당사 서비스에 액세스하기
        위해 귀하가 사용하는 시스템 및 통신 네트워크가 당사가 통제할 수 없는
        요인으로 인해 실패할 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
정보 액세스 및 제어
당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하가 당사에 제공한 귀하의 개인 정보
        또는 기타 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트 및 수정할 수 있도록 모든 합리적이고
        적절한 기술적 조치를 취할 것입니다. 이러한 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트,
        수정 또는 제거하기 전에 당사는 계정의 보안을 보호하기 위해 귀하의 신원을
        확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는
        귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할
        것입니다.
프라이버시 권리
준거법에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다: (i) 당사가 귀하의
        개인 정보를 처리하고 있는지 확인을 요청; (ii) 귀하의 개인 정보에 대한 액세스
        또는 사본을 획득; (iii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인 정보의 전자 사본을 받거나
        해당 정보를 다른 회사로 보내도록 당사에 요청(데이터 이동에 대한 권리); (iv)
        귀하의 개인 정보 사용에 반대하거나 제한; (v) 부정확하거나 사실이 아니거나
        불완전하거나 부적절하게 처리된 개인 정보의 수정 또는 수정을 추구; (vi)
        귀하의 동의를 철회; (vii) 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 당사가 귀하에 대해
        보유한 개인 정보 삭제를 요청.
귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내거나(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요
) Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West,
        Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 우편을 통해
        요청하실 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 이메일 또는 우편을 받고 나서 합리적인
        기간 내에 준거법에 따라 귀하의 요청을 처리할 것이며, 법률에 명시된 특정
        예외에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 중단할 것입니다. 당사는
        귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 요청을 이행하기 전에 귀하의 신원을
        확인하는 조치를 취할 것입니다. 귀하가 동의를 철회하거나 귀하의 개인 정보를
        삭제하는 경우 당사 서비스의 일부 사용에 영향을 미칠 수 있음을 유의해 주시기
        바랍니다.
캘리포니아 거주자는 캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법에 의해 부여된 권리
        행사 시에 당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
아동에 대한 정보
당사는 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 기타 연령)의
            아동으로부터 고의로 개인 정보를 수집하거나 요청하지 않습니다. 귀하가
            만약 16세 미만인 경우 이름, 주소, 전화번호 또는 이메일 주소를 포함하되
            이에 국한되지 않는 개인 정보를 당사에 보내지 않도록 합니다. 만약 당사가
            16세 미만 아동에 대한 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내거나(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요
) Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
            West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 등기
            우편을 보낼 수 있습니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는
            법률에 명시된 다른 연령)의 어린이로부터 개인 정보를 수집한 사실을 알게
            되시면 즉시 해당 정보를 삭제하고 관련 계정을 종료하는 조치를 취하도록
            하겠습니다.
국경 간 데이터 전송
귀하는
당사의 서비스를 제공하기 위해
당사를 통해 또는
당사가 수집한
모든 정보가
클라우드, 당사 서버,
계열사
서버 또는 당사 서비스
제공업체(Open AI를
포함하되 이에 국한되지
않음)의 서버를 포함하여 싱가포르, 중국, 미국, 유럽연합 등
전 세계
어디로든
전송, 처리 및 저장될 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
준거법
본 정책은 법률 조항의 충돌에 관계없이 중화인민공화국 홍콩특별행정구 법률에
        따라 수립되고 발효되며 시행 및 해석됩니다. 이에 따라 발생하는 모든
        분쟁은 서비스 약관에 따라 해결됩니다. 당사는 이 정책이 특정 관할권의 개인
        정보 보호법을 준수함을 진술하거나 보증하지 않습니다. 따라서 귀하는 그러한
        법률에 따라 이 정책을 해석해서는 안 됩니다.
본 정책의 개정
귀하는 관련 법규 및 당사의 비즈니스 결정에 따라 당사가 본 정책을 업데이트할
        수 있다는 데 동의하며 귀하는 그러한 개정 사항을 따를 것에 동의합니다. 당사는
        본 정책에 대한 중요한 변경 사항을 BeautyCam에 게시하거나 법에서 요구하는
        다른 방법으로 귀하에게 통지할 것입니다.
유럽 경제 지역 및 영국 사용자의 경우
당사가 유럽 일반 개인정보 보호 규정 및 영국 일반 개인정보 보호 규정(이하
        통칭하여 "
GDPR
")의 범위 내에서 개인정보를 처리하는 경우, 아래의 GDPR 고지에서 개인정보
        처리에 대한 관련 세부 정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
일본 사용자의 경우
데이터 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 정지에 대한 권리
귀하가 일본에 거주하는 경우, 귀하는 정보 주체로서 자신의
        개인정보에 대한 공개, 정정, 삭제 또는 이용 정지를 요청할 권리가
        있으며, 당사는 지체 없이 귀하의 요청에 부응할 의무가 있습니다.
        귀하는
compliance@meitu.com
(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요
)으로  이메일을 보내시거나 또는 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International
        Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu)으로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다.
한국 사용자의 경우
국제 데이터 전송
당사는 이용자의 개인정보를 '정보이용방법'에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며,
        원칙적으로 이용자의 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 그러나 귀하의
        동의가 있는 경우 귀하에게 정보 공유 및 공개에 설명된 당사 서비스를 제공하기
        위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 수집, 전송 및 다른 곳에서 저장 및 처리할 수
        있습니다.
전송된 개인 정보: 위의 본 정책의 "당사가 수집하는 정보" 섹션을 참조합니다.
전송일및 방법: 회원 가입 즉시 전송, 필요 시 수시로 통신망을 통해
          전송합니다.
개인정보가 전송되는 국가: 중화인민공화국
개인 정보 보유: 위의 본 정책의 "데이터 보유" 섹션을 참조합니다.
또한, 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 대한민국 외부에 위치해 있는 다음 제3자에게
        전송할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
해당 제3자 플랫폼의 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기간 동안
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
https://openai.com/privacy-policy
ChatGPT 통합 기능 제공
텍스트 입력 및 생성된 출력물에 포함된 개인 정보
귀하의 거주지 외부에서 정보를 공유할 때마다 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가
        적절하게 보호되도록 정보 전송이 귀하의 현지 법률을 준수하도록 확인합니다.
귀하는 아래 명시된 당사의 개인정보 보호 담당 부서로 연락하여 위와 같은
        개인정보의 국외 이전을 거부할 수 있습니다.  귀하가 상기 개인정보의 국외
        이전을 거부하는 경우, 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 국외 이전 대상에서
        제외합니다. 단, 이 경우 당사는 개인정보의 해외 전송이 필요한 귀하의 당사
        서비스 이용을 제한할 수 있습니다.
또한 당사는 다음과 같은 제3자로부터 귀하의 개인 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
당사 계정이 종료될 때까지
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는
        귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할
        것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 다음의 절차와 방법에 따라 파기합니다.
파기절차 : 당사는 파기대상 개인정보를 선정하고 정보보호책임자의 승인을
          받아 파기합니다.
파기방법 : 전자적으로 저장, 파일된 개인정보는 기록 재생이 불가능한 수단을
          사용을 통해 삭제가 가능한 방식을 취해 파기합니다.
개인정보 보호 및 불만처리 담당부서
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)
개인정보처리방침 개정 내역
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.08]
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.12]
미국 내 사용자의 경우
귀하는 당사가 안면 인식 기술을 사용하여 귀하가 제공한 사진 또는 이미지에서
        생체 정보를 수집할 수 있음에 동의합니다. 당사는 귀하의 신원을 확인하고,
        서비스를 제공 및 개선하며, 내부 연구 목적으로 이러한 정보를 사용할 수
        있습니다. 귀하의 생체 정보가 일리노이주 생체 정보 개인정보 보호법의 적용을
        받는 경우, 당사는 귀하가 마지막으로 서비스와 상호작용한 날로부터 3년 이내에
        귀하의 생체 정보를 삭제합니다.
관련 법률에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다:
당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하고 있는지 여부를 확인할 권리;
귀하의개인 정보에 대한 액세스 또는 세부 정보가 포함된 사본을 얻을 수
          있는 권리;
귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인정보의 전자 사본을 받거나 해당 정보를 다른 회사로
          전송하도록 요청할 권리(예: 데이터 이동권);
개인 정보를 수정할 권리;
당사가 '타겟 광고'('타겟 광고'는 관련 개인정보 보호법에 정의됨)를 위해
          귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 경우, 당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 '판매'('판매'는
          관련 개인정보 보호법에 정의됨)하는 경우, 또는 당사가 귀하와 관련하여 법적
          또는 이와 유사하게 중대한 영향을 미치는 특정 결정을 내리기 위해
          프로파일링에 참여하는 경우 등 특정 처리 활동을 거부하도록 요청할 권리;
당사가 보유한 귀하의 개인 정보 삭제를 요청할 권리; 및
요청 처리 거부 결정에 대해 이의를 제기할 권리.
해당 개인정보 보호법에 따라 귀하의 권리를 행사하려면 이메일(
compliance@meitu.com
,
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 기재)
을 보내거나 등기우편(주소: Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong, (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu))으로 당사의 데이터 보호 책임자에게 문의하시기
        바랍니다. 당사는 관련 법률에 따라 이러한 요청을 처리합니다.
귀하가 버지니아주 거주자이고 귀하의 요청에 대한 당사의 결정에 대해 이의를
        제기하고자 하는 경우, 귀하는 이 사실을 당사에 알리고 이의를 제기할 수 있는
        정보를 당사에 제공함으로써 이의를 제기할 수 있습니다.
다음 항은 캘리포니아 소비자 개인정보 보호법(수시로 개정되는 경우)("
CCPA
")의 적용을 받는 회원님의 개인정보 처리에만 적용됩니다.
CCPA는 캘리포니아 주민에게 당사가 수집한 개인정보의 범주와 지난 12개월
        동안 비즈니스 목적(예: 서비스 제공업체)으로 해당 개인정보를 공개했는지
        여부를 알 권리를 부여합니다. 캘리포니아 거주자는 아래에서 이 정보를 확인할
        수 있습니다:
수집하는 개인정보의 범주
사업상 목적으로 개인정보를 공개하는 제3자의 범주
식별자
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
캘리포니아 고객 기록 법령에 나열된 개인정보 범주(캘리포니아주 고객
                기록법) 소비자 기록 법령(Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
캘리포니아 또는 연방법에 따라 보호되는 분류 특성
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
상업 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
생체 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
인터넷 또는 기타 전자 네트워크 활동
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
지리적 위치 데이터
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
감각 데이터
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
전문직 또는 고용 관련 정보
N/A
비공개 교육 정보 (가족 교육 권리 및 개인 정보 보호 법에 따름 (20
                U.S.C. 섹션 1232g, 34 C.F.R. 제99 부분))
N/A
다른 개인 정보로부터 추론하여 소비자에 대한 프로필 생성
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
소비자의 사회보장번호, 운전면허증, 주정부 신분증 또는 여권 번호가
                드러나는 개인 정보
N/A
소비자의 계정 로그인, 금융 계좌, 직불 카드 또는 신용카드 번호와 함께
                계정에 액세스할 수 있는 필수 보안 또는 액세스 코드, 비밀번호 또는
                자격 증명을 공개하는 개인 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
소비자의 정확한 지리적 위치를 파악할 수 있는 개인 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
소비자의 인종 또는 민족 출신, 종교적 또는 철학적 신념, 노조 가입
                여부를 드러내는 개인 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
피그마(Figma)가 의도적으로 통신의 수신자인 경우를 제외하고 소비자의
                우편물, 이메일 및 문자 메시지 내용을 드러내는 개인 정보
N/A
소비자의 유전자 데이터를 드러내는 개인 정보
N/A
소비자를 고유하게 식별하기 위한 목적으로 처리되는 생체 정보
N/A
소비자의 건강과 관련하여 수집 및 분석된 개인 정보
N/A
소비자의 성생활 또는 성적 취향과 관련하여 수집 및 분석된 개인 정보
N/A
당사가 개인 정보를 수집하는 소스의 범주와 개인 정보를 사용하고 공개하는
        비즈니스 및 상업적 목적은 각각 "수집하는 정보", "정보 사용 방법", 그리고
        "정보 공유 및 공개"란에 각각 명시되어 있습니다. 당사는 위의 '데이터 보유'에
        명시된 기간에 따라 개인정보를 보유합니다.
지난 12개월 동안 당사는 어떠한 개인정보도 '판매'하지 않았으며(CCPA에 정의된
        바와 같이), 16세 미만 미성년자의 개인정보 '판매'에 대한 실제 지식도
        없습니다.
지난 12개월 동안, 당사는 '맥락 간 행동 광고'(CCPA에 정의된 용어)를 위해
        어떠한 개인정보도 '공유'하지 않았으며, '맥락 간 행동 광고'를 위해 16세 미만
        미성년자의 개인정보를 '공유'한 사실에 대해서도 알지 못합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적으로만 민감한 개인정보를 사용 및 공개합니다:
서비스 제공.
저장 또는 전송된 개인정보의 가용성, 신뢰성, 무결성, 기밀성을 훼손하는 보안
          사고를 예방, 탐지 및 조사.
당사를 겨냥한 악의적, 기만적, 사기적 또는 불법적 행위에 저항하고 그러한
          행위에 책임이 있는 자를 기소.
자연인의 신체적 안전을 보장.
당사의 제품, 서비스 또는 기기의 품질 또는 안전성을 확인 또는 유지하고,
          당사의 서비스 또는 기기를 개선, 업그레이드 또는 강화.
개인에 대한 특성을 유추하지 않는 목적.
캘리포니아 주민은 CCPA에 의해 부여된 권리를 행사하는 것과 관련하여
        당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
사용자의 개인정보를 보호하기 위해 당사는 CCPA에 따라 제출된 요청을 이행하기
        전에 사용자의 신원을 합리적으로 확인하기 위한 조치를 취합니다. 이러한
        단계에는 귀하가 당사가 개인정보를 수집한 당사자 또는 권한을 위임받은
        대리인임을 합리적으로 확인할 수 있는 충분한 정보를 제공하도록 요청하는 것이
        포함될 수 있습니다. 확인 절차의 예로는 당사가 귀하와 연결한 이메일 주소 또는
        전화번호를 제공하도록 요청하거나 귀하의 이메일 주소 또는 전화번호로 전송되는
        인증 코드를 제공하는 것 등이 있습니다.
귀하 또는 귀하를 대신하여 법적으로 권한을 위임받은 사람만이 귀하의
        개인정보와 관련하여 확인 가능한 소비자 요청을 할 수 있습니다. 대리인을
        승인하려면 귀하와 귀하가 지정한 대리인이 서명한 서면 승인서를 제출하고 위의
        '개인정보 보호 권한'에 있는 정보를 사용하여 당사에 연락하여 추가 지침을
        요청하세요.
당사는 '맥락 간 행동 광고'를 위해 개인정보를 '판매'하거나 개인정보를
        '공유'하지 않으므로 수신 거부 선호도 신호에 응답하지 않습니다.
귀하가 네바다주 거주자인 경우, 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 "판매"하지 않습니다.
GDPR 고지
당사는 서비스 제공과 관련하여 개인 데이터를 처리합니다.
당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 데 GDPR이 적용되는 경우, 당사는 GDPR에
        따라서만 개인정보를 처리합니다. 위의 (일반) 개인정보 처리방침에서 당사의
        개인정보 처리에 GDPR이 적용되는 시점에 대한 정보를 확인할 수 있습니다. 본
        GDPR 고지는 위의 (일반) 개인정보 처리방침을 보완하며, GDPR에 따른 귀하의
        개인정보 처리에 대한 자세한 정보를 담고 있습니다.
컨트롤러에 대한 정보
1.컨트롤러의 신원 및 연락처 세부 정보
Meitu (China) Limited
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
2.컨트롤러 담당자의 신원 및 연락처 정보
유럽
연합
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
영국
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
3.
컨트롤러의 데이터 보호 책임자 연락처 정보
Meitu (China) Limited
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
개인 데이터 처리에 관한 정보
1.처리되는 개인 데이터에 대한 세부 정보
처리되는 개인 데이터의 범주
범주에 포함된 개인 데이터
데이터의 출처
데이터 주체의 데이터 제공 의무
저장 기간
프로토콜 데이터
당사 애플리케이션의 서버에서 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해 서비스를 사용할
                때 발생하는 프로토콜 데이터입니다.
사용 중에 발생하는 데이터는 단말 장치와 애플리케이션 서버 간의 정보
                전송을 위한 네트워크 프로토콜에 의해 정의됩니다.
여기에는 IP 주소, 사용된 모바일 운영 체제의 유형 및 버전, 액세스한
                콘텐츠, 이전에 액세스한 콘텐츠, 액세스한 날짜 및 시간이 포함됩니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 귀하가 요청한 애플리케이션의 콘텐츠를
                제공할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
등록 데이터
이름, 사용자 아이디, 성별, 생년월일, 휴대폰 번호, 위치.
서비스 사용자
등록 과정에서 필수로 표시된 정보의 제공은 계약 체결에 필요한 필수
                요건입니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
필수 정보를 제공하지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
구독 데이터
현재 및/또는 과거 구독에 대한 정보입니다.
서비스 사용자
등록 과정에서 필수로 표시된 정보의 제공은 구독 계약을 체결하는 데
                필요한 필수 요건입니다. 기타 데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상
                요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한 요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가
                데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
필수 정보를 제공하지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
모바일 장치 데이터
국제 모바일 장치 식별번호(IMEI), 고유 장치 식별번호(UDID) 또는
                안드로이드 ID, 범용 고유 식별번호(GUUID), 사용자 ID(UID), 광고용
                식별번호(IDFA), 공급업체 식별번호(IDFV)를 포함한 모바일 장치에 관한
                정보, 개방형 익명 장치 식별자(OAID), 집적 회로 카드 식별자(ICCID),
                미디어 액세스 제어(MAC) 주소, Google 광고 ID(GAID), 사용 중인
                장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치에 설치된 모바일
                애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 귀하가 요청한 애플리케이션의 콘텐츠를
                제공할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석 데이터
당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선하기 위한 정보.
                여기에는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는
                이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터, 애플리케이션을
                다운로드한 위치
등의 정보가 포함됩니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 데이터
통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형, 연결한 WiFi 네트워크 이름, WiFi
                네트워크의 위치, WiFi 연결 시간.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
위치 데이터
국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치, IP 주소, 장치에 기록된
                시스템 국가 및 시스템 시간대.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
로그 데이터
로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와 빈도에 대한
                세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를
                포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
이미지 데이터
정보 주체의 사진/동영상, 이미지 파일에 저장된 EXIF 데이터(EXIF
                데이터에는 장비 제조업체에 따라 사진이 촬영 및 처리된 GPS 좌표, 장비
                유형, ISO, 전면 및 후면 카메라에 대한 정보 및 생성 시간이 포함될 수
                있음).
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
데이터는 최대 21일 동안 서버 로그 파일에 저장됩니다.
음성 데이터
데이터 주체의 목소리.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
데이터는 최대 21일 동안 서버 로그 파일에 저장됩니다.
메타 데이터
사진 속 인물의 얼굴 특징, 성별, 나이 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에
                대한 분석 결과를 설명하는 정보입니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 인식 데이터
데이터 주체의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지 및 얼굴 마크를 포함하되
                이에 국한되지 않음).
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시 얼굴 매핑 정보는
                파기됩니다.
쿠키 데이터
데이터 주체의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스
                제공업체(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜 및 타임스탬프,
                클릭스트림 데이터.
이러한 개인정보가 쿠키에 저장되는 범위는 아래 섹션 III에서 더 자세한
                정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
해당 데이터는 사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 쿠키는
                토큰이 만료되면(30일 후) 교체됩니다.
ChatGPT 통합을 통해 수집된 정보
텍스트 입력 및 생성된 출력에 포함되는 개인 데이터입니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
광고 데이터
광고 ID(IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr,
                IDFV, IDFA 포함), 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
이 데이터를 제공하지 않으면 관심사 기반 광고를 제공할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
타사 추적 데이터
디바이스 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치
                정보, IP 주소.
이러한 개인정보가 쿠키에 저장되는 범위는 아래 섹션 III에서 더 자세한
                정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
개인 데이터 처리에대한 세부 정보
개인 데이터 처리 목적
처리되는 개인 데이터의 범주
자동화된 의사 결정
법적 근거 및 해당되는 경우 적법한 이익
수신자
서비스 제공
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
네트워크 데이터
위치 데이터
이미지 데이터
음성 데이터
메타 데이터
얼굴 인식 데이터
ChatGPT 통합을 통해 수집된 정보
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
앱 사용자와 관련된 활동을 처리합니다:
제6조 (1) (b)항 GDPR(계약의 이행 또는 데이터 주체의 요청에 따른
                조치) 데이터 주체가 당사자인 계약 또는 계약 체결 전 데이터 주체의
                요청에 따라 취하는 조치)
위치 데이터 처리용: 제6조 (1) (a)항 GDPR(동의)
장치 소유자와 다른 데이터 주체와 관련된 활동을 처리하는 경우:
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 서비스 제공입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
통계 분석(제품 및 서비스 개선을 목적으로 제품 및 서비스 사용에 대한
                통계 개발 및 분석)
프로토콜 데이터
모바일 장치 데이터
모바일 분석 데이터
네트워크 데이터
위치 데이터
로그 데이터
쿠키 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
계정 생성하기
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
위치 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 사용자가 요청한 애플리케이션의 콘텐츠를
                제공하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
위치 기반 서비스 제공(사용자에게 광고, 올바른 버전의 당사 서비스
                제공 및 사용자가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻을 수 있도록 돕기 위해)
프로토콜 데이터
위치 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
사용자 경험 개선(사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 선택적 기능을 통해
                당사는 제품 및 서비스 사용에 관한 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을
                개선할 수 있습니다.)
프로토콜 데이터
모바일 장치 데이터
모바일 분석 데이터
네트워크 데이터
위치 데이터
로그 데이터
이미지 데이터
메타 데이터
쿠키 데이터
타사 추적 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
푸시 서비스 제공(광고의 성과 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공 여부를
                평가하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림 제공)
프로토콜 데이터
모바일 장치 데이터
광고 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
사용자 신원 확인
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
이 경우, 당사의 정당한 이익은 귀하에게 서비스를 제공할 수 있도록
                귀하의 신원을 확인하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
사용자 피드백 수집(서비스 개선을 위한 목적)
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
관련 규칙, 법률, 규정, 관행 또는 지침을 준수하거나 관련 기관의 법
                집행 및 조사를 지원하기 위한 목적
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (c)항 GDPR(컨트롤러가 적용되는 법적 의무를 준수하는 데
                필요)
공공 기관
기타 Meitu 법인
서비스의 장애를 식별하거나 처리하는 등 서비스의 안전하고 안정적인
                운영 유지
프로토콜 데이터
네트워크 데이터
로그 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 서비스 제공에 사용되는 IT 인프라의 안전하고
                안정적인 운영을 보장하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
계정, 네트워크, 운영 및 시스템의 보안을 보호하고 피싱, 웹사이트 사기
                및 트로이 목마 바이러스를 방지합니다.
프로토콜 데이터
네트워크 데이터
로그 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 특히 사건(예: 디도스 공격)의 탐지, 제거 및
                결정적인 문서화를 위해 웹사이트 제공에 사용되는 IT 인프라의 보안을
                보장하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
요청 처리(고객 서비스)
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
귀하의 요청이 귀하가 당사자인 계약 또는 계약 전 조치의 이행과 관련된
                경우:
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (b)목(데이터 주체가 당사자인 계약의 이행 또는 계약
                체결 전 데이터 주체의 요청에 따른 조치).
그렇지 않은 경우:
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
이 경우 당사의 정당한 이익은 귀하의 요청을 처리하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
개인 데이터 수신자 및 제3국 및/또는 국제
            기구로의 개인 데이터 전송에 대한 세부 정보
수신자
수신자의 역할
제3국 및/또는 국제기구로의 이전
제3국 및/또는 국제기구로의 전송에 대한 적정성 결정 또는
                  적절하거나 적합한 보호 조치
화웨이 클라우드 컴퓨팅 기술 유한책임회사(Huawei Cloud Computing
                Technologies Co., Ltd.)
처리자
중화인민공화국
중국 홍보에 대한 유럽연합 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다.
                당사는 수신자와 GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호
                조항을 체결하여 귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의
                사본은 위에 명시된 연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
기타 Meitu 법인:
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
처리자
중화인민공화국
중국 홍보에 대한 유럽연합 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다.
                당사는 수신자와 GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호
                조항을 체결하여 귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의
                사본은 위에 명시된 연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
Meta Platform, Inc.
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
처리자
중화인민공화국
중국 홍보에 대한 유럽연합 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다.
                당사는 수신자와 GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호
                조항을 체결하여 귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의
                사본은 위에 명시된 연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
쿠키 또는 유사 기술 사용에 관한 정보
다음 섹션에서는 현재 쿠키에 대해서만 설명합니다. 유사한 기술(브라우저 지문,
        로컬 저장소, 세션 저장소 등)을 사용하는 경우 이 섹션을 적절히 조정해야
        합니다.
당사는 서비스 제공과 관련하여 쿠키를 사용합니다. 이 과정에서 당사는 귀하의
        장치 및/또는 귀하의 장치 브라우저의 처리 및 저장 기능을 사용하고 귀하의 장치
        및/또는 장치 브라우저의 메모리에서 정보를 수집합니다.
이에 대한 자세한 내용은 아래에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
1.쿠키에 대한 일반 정보
쿠키는 앱을 사용하거나 웹사이트를 방문할 때 사용자의 장치에 저장될 수 있는
        정보가 담긴 작은 텍스트 파일입니다. 관련 앱 또는 웹사이트를 동일한 장치에서
        다시 사용하거나 방문하면 쿠키와 쿠키에 포함된 정보를 검색할 수 있습니다.
a)
자사 및 타사 쿠키
쿠키의 출처에 따라 퍼스트 파티 쿠키와 타사 쿠키를 구분할 수 있습니다:
퍼스트 파티 쿠키
앱 또는 웹사이트의 운영자가 컨트롤러 또는 컨트롤러가 관여하는
                프로세서에 의해 배치되고 액세스되는 쿠키입니다.
타사 쿠키
해당 앱 또는 웹사이트를 운영하는 주체(운영자)에 의해 직접 관여되거나
                통제되는 것이 아니며, 이를 처리하는 프로세서도 운영자에 의해 고용된
                것이 아닌 해당 앱 또는 웹사이트를 운영하는 담당자 이외의 제3자
                컨트롤러에 의해 배치되고 접근되는 쿠키.
b)
임시 및 영구 쿠키
쿠키가 활성화된 상태로 유지되는 기간에 따라 임시 쿠키와 영구 쿠키를 구분할
        수 있습니다:
임시 쿠키
(세션 쿠키)
앱 또는 브라우저를 닫으면 자동으로 삭제되는 쿠키
영구 쿠키
앱이나 브라우저를 닫은 후에도 일정 기간 동안 기기에 저장되는 쿠키
c)
동의가 필요 없는 쿠키 및 동의가 필요한 쿠키
일부 쿠키의 기능과 사용 목적에 따라 사용자의 동의가 필요한 경우도 있습니다.
        따라서 사용자의 동의가 필요한 쿠키와 그렇지 않은 쿠키를 구분할 수 있습니다:
동의 없는 쿠키
전자 통신 네트워크를 사용하여 메시지를 전송하는 것을 유일한 목적으로
                하는 쿠키
참여자 또는 사용자가 명시적으로 요청한 서비스를 제공하는 당사자가
                해당 서비스를 제공하기 위해 필요한 쿠키("필수 쿠키")
동의가 필요한 쿠키
앞서 언급한 목적 이외의 모든 사용 목적을 위한 쿠키
2.앱과 웹사이트에서 사용되는 쿠키의 관리
a)
앱 및 웹사이트의 데이터 보호 설정에서 쿠키 사용에 대한 동의 부여 및
          철회하기
특정 쿠키를 사용하기 위해 동의가 필요한 경우, 당사는 귀하가 이전에 이에
        동의한 경우에만 해당 쿠키를 사용합니다. 특정 쿠키 사용에 동의가 필요한지
        여부에 대한 정보는 본 개인정보처리방침의
섹션 III.3.
에 있는
        당사 서비스에서 사용되는 쿠키에 대한 정보에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
앱 또는 웹사이트의 데이터 보호 설정에서 반드시 필요한 쿠키를 비활성화할 수
        없습니다. 그러나 일반적으로 앱이나 브라우저에서 언제든지 이러한 쿠키를
        비활성화할 수 있습니다.
b)
기기/브라우저 설정을 사용하여 쿠키 관리
디바이스 또는 브라우저의 설정에서 쿠키 사용을 관리할 수도 있습니다.
        브라우저마다 쿠키 설정을 구성하는 방법이 다릅니다. 이에 대한 자세한 내용은
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
단, 장치에서 일반적으로 쿠키를 비활성화할 경우 당사의 앱 또는 웹사이트의
        일부 기능이 제대로 작동하지 않거나 전혀 작동하지 않을 수 있음을
        알려드립니다.
3.앱과 웹사이트에서 사용되는 쿠키
다음 쿠키는 당사의 앱과 웹사이트에서 사용될 수 있습니다:
이름
퍼스트 파티/서드 파티
사용 목적 및 내용
유효 기간
동의가 필요하신가요?
mt_access_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
mt_web_access_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
mt_temp_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
mt_grant_access_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
데이터 주체의 권리에 관한 정보
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 귀하의 개인 데이터 처리와 관련하여 다음과 같은 권리를
        갖습니다:
접근 권한(GDPR 제15조)
수정할 권리(GDPR 16조)
삭제할 권리("잊혀질 권리")(GDPR 제17조)
처리 제한에 대한 권리(GDPR 제18조)
데이터 이동성에 대한 권리(GDPR 제20조)
반대할 권리(GDPR 제21조)
동의 철회 권리(GDPR 제7조 3항)
귀하는
섹션 I
의 연락처 정보를 사용하여 이러한 권리를
        행사하기 위해 당사에 연락할 수 있습니다.
해당되는 경우, 귀하의 권리 행사, 특히 데이터 이동권 및 이의제기권 행사를
        용이하게 하는 특정 방식 및 메커니즘에 대한 정보는 본 GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 개인정보 처리에 관한 정보에서 확인할 수
        있습니다.
또한 귀하는 감독 기관에 불만을 제기할 권리가 있습니다(GDPR 77조).
아래에서 개인 데이터 처리와 관련한 귀하의 권리에 대한 자세한 정보를 확인할
        수 있습니다:
1.액세스 권한
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제15조에 규정된 조건에 따라 액세스 및 정보를
        얻을 권리가 있습니다.
이는 특히 귀하가 당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하고 있는지 이에 대해
        당사로부터 확인을 받을 권리가 있음을 의미합니다. 그렇다면 귀하는 GDPR 제15조
        1항에 열거된 개인 데이터 및 정보에 액세스할 수 있는 권리도 있습니다.
        여기에는 처리 목적, 처리 중인 개인 데이터의 범주, 개인 데이터가 공개되었거나
        공개될 수신자 또는 수신자 범주에 관한 정보가 포함됩니다(GDPR 제15조 1항 (a),
        (b) 및 (c)).
액세스 및 정보에 대한 귀하의 권리 전체는 GDPR 제15조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
2.수정할 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제16조에 규정된 조건에 따라 정정할 권리가
        있습니다.
이는 특히 귀하가 귀하의 개인 데이터의 부정확성을 수정하고 불완전한 개인
        데이터를 완성하기 위해 부당한 지체 없이 당사로부터 받을 권리가 있음을
        의미합니다.
수정 권리에 대한 전체 내용은 GDPR 제16조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
3.삭제할 권리("잊혀질 권리")
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제17조에 규정된 조건에 따라 삭제할 권리("잊혀질
        권리")가 있습니다.
즉, 귀하는 당사로부터 귀하의 개인 데이터 삭제를 요청할 권리가 있으며, 당사는
        GDPR 제17조 1항에 열거된 사유 중 하나에 해당하는 경우 부당한 지체 없이
        귀하의 개인 데이터를 삭제해야 할 의무가 있습니다. 예를 들어, 개인정보가 수집
        또는 처리된 목적과 관련하여 더 이상 필요하지 않은 경우(GDPR 제17조 1항
        (a)호)가 이에 해당할 수 있습니다.
만약 당사가 개인 데이터를 공개했고 삭제하는 의무가 있다면, 당사는 사용
        가능한 기술과 시행 비용을 고려하여 합리적인 조치를 취해야 하며, 이에는
        기술적인 수단을 포함하여 해당 데이터를 처리하는 컨트롤러에게 해당 데이터에
        대한 링크, 사본 또는 복제물의 삭제를 요청했음을 알리는 것도 포함됩니다 (GDPR
        제17조(2)항).
삭제할 권리('잊혀질 권리')는 GDPR 제17조 3항에 열거된 사유 중 하나로 인해
        처리가 필요한 경우에는 적용되지 않습니다. 예를 들어, 법적 의무를 준수하거나
        법적 청구권의 설정, 행사 또는 방어를 위해 처리가 필요한 경우가 이에 해당할
        수 있습니다(GDPR 제17조 제3항 (b) 및 (e)).
삭제할 권리('잊혀질 권리')의 전체 내용은 GDPR 17조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
4.처리 제한에 대한 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제18조에 규정된 조건에 따라 처리를 제한할 권리가
        있습니다.
즉, 귀하는 GDPR 제18조 1항에 규정된 조건 중 하나가 적용되는 경우 당사로부터
        처리 제한을 요청할 권리가 있습니다. 예를 들어 개인 데이터의 정확성에 이의를
        제기하는 경우가 이에 해당할 수 있습니다. 이 경우 처리 제한은 당사가 개인
        데이터의 정확성을 확인할 수 있는 기간 동안 지속됩니다(GDPR 제18조 1항
        (a)호).
제한은 저장된 개인 데이터에 향후 처리를 제한할 목적으로 표시하는 것을
        의미합니다(GDPR 제4조 제3항).
처리 제한에 대한 권리의 전체 범위는 GDPR 18조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
5.데이터 이동성에 대한 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제20조에 규정된 조건에 따라 데이터 이동성에 대한
        권리가 있습니다.
이는 일반적으로 여러분이 당사에 제공한 개인 데이터를 체계적이고 보편적으로
        사용되는 기계 판독 가능한 형식으로 받을 권리가 있으며, 처리가 제6조 제1항
        (a) 또는 제9조 제2항 (a)에 따른 동의 또는 제6조 제1항 (b)에 따른 계약에
        근거하고 처리가 자동화된 수단으로 수행되는 경우 당사의 방해 없이 해당
        데이터를 다른 컨트롤러에게 전송할 권리가 있습니다(GDPR 제20조 제1항).
처리 사례가 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (a) 또는 제9조 제2항 (a)에 따른 동의에
        근거하는지 또는 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (b)에 따른 계약에 근거하는지 이에 대한
        정보는 본 GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의 법적 근거에
        관한 정보에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 이동에 대한 권리를 행사할 때, 귀하는 일반적으로 기술적으로 가능한
        경우 귀하의 개인 데이터를 당사에서 다른 컨트롤러로 직접 전송할 수 있는
        권리도 있습니다(GDPR 제20조 2항).
데이터 이동성에 대한 권리의 전체 내용은 GDPR 20조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
6.이의를 제기할 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제21조에 규정된 조건에 따라 이의를 제기할 권리가
        있습니다.
늦어도 사용자와의 첫 번째 커뮤니케이션에서 당사는 데이터 주체로서 이의를
        제기할 수 있는 귀하의 권리를 명시적으로 알려드립니다.
이에 대한 자세한 내용은 아래에서 확인할 수 있습니다:
정보 주체의 특정 상황과 관련된 이유로 이의를 제기할 권리
정보 주체로서 귀하는 귀하의 특정 상황과 관련된 근거를 바탕으로 언제든지 해당
        조항에 근거한 프로파일링을 포함하여 제6조 제1항 (e) 또는 (f)에 근거한 귀하의
        개인 데이터 처리에 이의를 제기할 권리가 있습니다.
처리 사례가 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (e) 또는 (f)에 근거하는지 여부에 대한 정보는 본
        GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의 법적 근거에 관한 정보에서
        확인할 수 있습니다.
사용자의 특정 상황과 관련된 이의 제기가 있는 경우, 당사는 사용자의 이익,
        권리 및 자유에 우선하는 처리 또는 법적 청구의 성립, 행사 또는 방어를 위한
        강력한 합법적 근거를 입증하지 못하는 한 더 이상 사용자의 개인 데이터를
        처리하지 않습니다.
이의제기 권리의 전체 내용은 GDPR 21조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
직접 마케팅에 대한 거부권
귀하의 개인정보가 직접 마케팅 목적으로 처리되는 경우, 귀하는 그러한 직접
        마케팅과 관련된 범위 내에서 프로파일링을 포함하여 그러한 마케팅을 위한
        귀하의 개인정보 처리에 대해 언제든지 이의를 제기할 권리가 있습니다.
직접 마케팅 목적으로 개인정보를 처리하는지 여부와 그 정도에 대한 정보는 본
        GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의 법적 근거에 관한 정보에서
        확인할 수 있습니다.
직접 마케팅 목적의 처리에 반대하는 경우, 당사는 더 이상 이러한 목적으로
        귀하의 개인 데이터를 처리하지 않습니다.
이의제기 권리의 전체 내용은 GDPR 21조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
7.동의 철회 권리
처리 사례가 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (a)호 또는 제9조 제2항 (a)호에 따른 동의를
        기반으로 하는 경우, 데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제7조 제3항에 따라 언제든지
        동의를 철회할 권리가 있습니다. 귀하의 동의 철회는 철회 전까지 귀하의 동의에
        근거하여 발생한 처리의 적법성에 영향을 미치지 않습니다. 당사는 귀하가
        동의하기 전에 이 사실을 알려드립니다.
처리 사례가 제6조 제1항 (가)목 또는 제9조 제2항 (가)목에 근거한 것인지
        여부에 대한 정보는 본 GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의
        법적 근거에 관한 정보에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
8.감독 기관에 불만을 제기할 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제77조에 규정된 조건에 따라 감독 기관에 불만을
        제기할 권리가 있습니다.
당사를 담당하는 감독 기관은 다음과 같습니다:
함부르크 데이터 보호 및 정보 자유 위원회(Der Hamburgische Beauftragte
        für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit)
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
이메일: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
전화: +49 40 42854-4040
정보 위원회 사무실
이메일: dpo@ico.org.uk
전화: 0303 123 1113
본 GDPR 고지에서 사용된 GDPR의 기술 용어에 대한 정보
본 GDPR 고지에서 사용된 데이터 보호 관련 기술 용어는 일반 데이터 보호
        규정에서 사용되는 의미를 따릅니다.
일반 데이터 보호 규정의 정의에 대한 전체 범위는 GDPR 제4조에서 확인할 수
        있습니다.
본 GDPR 고지에서 사용된 일반 데이터 보호 규정의 가장 중요한 기술 용어에 대한
        자세한 정보는 아래에서 확인할 수 있습니다:
"개인정보"
란 식별되거나 식별 가능한 자연인 ('데이터
        주체')과 관련된 모든 정보를 의미합니다. 식별 가능한 자연인은 특히 이름, 식별
        번호, 위치 데이터, 온라인 식별자 또는 물리적, 생리적, 유전적, 정신적,
        경제적, 문화적 또는 사회적 신원과 관련된 하나 이상의 요소에 따라 직접 또는
        간접적으로 식별될 수 있는 자연인을 말합니다;
"데이터 주체"
는 개인정보가 참조하는 각각의 식별되거나 식별
        가능한 자연인을 의미합니다;
"처리"
는 개인 데이터 또는 개인 데이터 집합에 대해 자동 수단
        여부에 상관없이 수행되는 모든 조작 또는 일련의 조작을 의미합니다. 이러한
        조작에는 수집, 기록, 조직, 구조화, 저장, 적응 또는 변경, 검색, 조회, 사용,
        전송을 통한 공개, 배포 또는 기타 방법으로 이용 가능하게 하는 것, 정렬 또는
        결합, 제한, 삭제 또는 파괴 등이 포함됩니다;
"프로파일링"
이란 자연인과 관련된 특정 인적 측면을 평가하기
        위해 개인 데이터를 사용하는 자동화된 형태의 모든 처리를 의미합니다. 특히
        업무 성과, 경제 상황, 건강, 개인 취향, 관심사, 신뢰성, 행동, 위치 또는
        이동과 관련된 측면을 분석하거나 예측하는 데 사용됩니다;
"컨트롤러"
란 단독으로 또는 다른 사람과 공동으로 개인정보
        처리의 목적과 수단을 결정하는 자연인 또는 법인, 공공 기관, 대행사 또는 기타
        기관을 의미하며, 그러한 처리의 목적과 수단이 유럽연합 또는 회원국 법률에
        의해 결정되는 경우, 관리자 또는 그 지정을 위한 구체적인 기준은 유럽연합 또는
        회원국 법률로 규정될 수 있습니다;
"처리자"
는 컨트롤러를 대신하여 개인정보를 처리하는 자연인
        또는 법인, 공공 기관, 대행사 또는 기타 기관을 의미합니다;
"수신자"
는 제3자 여부에 관계없이 개인 데이터가 공개되는
        자연인 또는 법인, 공공 기관, 대행사 또는 기타 기관을 의미합니다. 그러나
        유럽연합 법률 또는 회원국 법률에 따라 특정 조사의 범위 내에서 개인 데이터를
        수신할 수 있는 공공기관은 수신자로 간주되지 않으며, 이러한 공공기관에 의한
        해당 데이터의 처리는 처리 목적에 따라 해당 데이터 보호 규정을 준수해야
        합니다
"제3자"
란 데이터 주체, 컨트롤러, 프로세서 및 컨트롤러 또는
        프로세서의 직접적인 권한 아래에서 개인 데이터를 처리할 권한이 부여된 자연인
        또는 법적인 단체, 공공기관, 기관 또는 기타 기관을 말합니다.
"국제기구"
는 공적 국제법의 적용을 받는 기구 및 그 하부
        기구, 또는 둘 이상의 국가 간의 협정에 의해 또는 협정에 근거하여 설립된 기타
        기구를 의미합니다.
"제3국"
이란 유럽연합("EU"), 유럽경제지역("EEA") 또는 영국의
        회원국이 아닌 국가를 의미합니다.
사용자 동의서
□ 나는 아래 내용에 동의합니다.
□ 나는 14세 이상입니다. (필수)
□ 나는 이용 약관에 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 특정 선택 기능에 대해 나의 개인정보를 수집,
                이용하는데 동의합니다 (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 나의 민감정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 마케팅 목적으로 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데
                동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전에 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 제3자로의 개인정보 해외 이전에 동의합니다. (필수
) [
지금 보기
]
개인정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 (개인정보보호정책에 정의된) 제품 및
                서비스 사용에 관한 통계 개발 및 분석
국제 이동 단말기 식별 번호 (이하 “IMEI”), 고유 장치
                식별자 (이하 “UDID”) 또는 안드로이드 ID, 범용
                고유 식별자 (이하 “GUUID”), 광고 식별자 (이하
                “IDFA”) 및 벤더 식별자 (이하
                “IDFV”), 집적 회로 카드 식별자 (이하
                “ICCID”), 매체 접근 제어(이하 “MAC”)
                주소, 사용자 기기 유형, 운영체제 버전, 기기에 설치된
                모바일 애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해
                제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
모바일 분석: 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는
                이벤트, 집계 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치
네트워크 정보: 운영자 이름, 네트워크 유형, 연결된 와이파이 네트워크
                이름, 와이파이 네트워크 위치, 와이파이 연결 시간 등 사용 중인
                네트워크에 대한 정보
로그 정보: 당사 서비스 사용 시점 및 빈도에 관한 상세 정보, 주요
                운영 경로, 에러, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대 등을 포함하는 기기 통계
기타 정보: 사용자 운영체제 유형 및 버전 번호, 시스템 언어 및
                애플리케이션 목록에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.  개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부하는
                경우 Meitu에서 제공하는 서비스(서비스 약관에 정의됨)를
                이용할 수 없습니다.
특정
선택 기능에 대한 개인정보 수집 및 이용
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
계정의 생성
이동전화번호, 기기 ID,
이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일, 위치
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스의 제공
네트워크 정보, IP 주소, 시스템 시간대, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치
                및 시스템 국가
사용자 경험을 개선하기 위한 특정 선택 기능 사용(클라우드 편집
                기능, "얼굴 인식", "키포인트 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 기능)
이미지 정보: EXIF 데이터
메타데이터: 사진 메타데이터
쿠키 사용: 사용자의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷
                서비스 제공자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영체제, 일시 및
                타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우
                Meitu의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
민감정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
동영상 편집
음성 정보: 마이크 활성화 시 음성 데이터
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능 제공
얼굴 특징 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.   민감 정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용에
                동의하지 않는 경우, Meitu의 특정 기능을 이용하지
                못할 수 있습니다.
(마케팅 목적의) 개인정보 수집 및 이용과 프로모션 마케팅 정보의
            이전
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
마케팅 및 광고
광고 ID, 지리상 위치, IP 주소, 애플리케이션 목록, 사용자 기기에
                설치된 애플리케이션 패키지 이름
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우
                Meitu가 제공하는 일부 서비스(예: 맞춤형 광고)에 대한
                이용이 제한될 수 있습니다(수집 및 이용 거부 시에도 Meitu
                이용은 가능합니다).
제3자로의 개인정보 이전(필수)
정보 수신자의
신원 및
수신자
내 개인정보
담당자
연락처
수신자의
위치
수신자의
개인정보 이용 목적
이전되는 개인정보 항목
이전 시기 및 방법
수신자의
개인정보 보유 및
이용 기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Apple의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Google의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Meta Platforms의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
중화인민공화국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Tencent의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
귀하는 당사의 개인정보 보호책임자에게 연락하여 위에 명시된
                개인정보의 의무적 전송에 대한 동의를 거부할 권리가 있습니다.
                 귀하가 상기 개인정보의 국외 이전을 거부하는 경우, 당사는
                귀하의 개인정보를 국외 이전 대상에서 제외합니다. 단, 이 경우 당사는
                개인정보의 해외 전송이 필요한 귀하의 당사 서비스 이용을
                제한할 수 있습니다.
美颜相机基本功能个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2025年3月11日
生效日期：2025年3月11日
【引言】
欢迎您使用我们的产品和服务！
        我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们承诺将按法律法规的要求，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策，并着重阅读斜体加粗字体。
您同意基本功能个人信息保护政策，仅代表您同意美颜相机以为您提供基本功能为目的，收集处理必要的个人信息。如您使用美颜相机其他附加功能或需收集敏感个人信息的基本功能时，我们会在您使用具体功能时单独征求您的同意。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）账号及安全
1、注册、登录及使用美图账号
您可以通过手机号创建美图账号，并且您可以完善您的账号信息；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称，您也可以选择跳过手机号注册，未创建美图账号，将不影响您使用美颜相机的基本功能。
2、向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会收集您的设备信息
（android为android_id、oaid、gaid、aaid、vaid，ios为idfa、idfv）
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行的瞬间，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为，当美颜相机处于后台静置状态时，将不会收集任何信息。
3、维护产品安全及时排除故障
为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
AID、IDFA、设备型号信息及登陆IP地址、操作日志信息、设备品牌、系统版本、CPU信息。
这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
4、节省网络流量
我们还可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型
，以实现在内容推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的。
5、为您提供合适的地区版本
我们会收集您的
sim 卡状态
，用以判断您所在的大致区域，向您提供最符合您语言和生活习惯的美颜相机版本。
（二）拍摄美化
1、照片、视频拍摄
当您拍摄照片、视频，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用
您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息
，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
2、图片美化、人像美容
当您使用图片美化、人像美容功能时，我们会收集不识别任何特定个人的
粗略间接画像特征（如大类别：风景、美食、人像等）
并通过算法进行图片特征分析，用以帮助您选择更加精准的滤镜、特效等。
3、贴纸
当您使用贴纸时，我们会利用iOS的
ARKit
应用程序接口中
映像深度相关资讯运算结果
，以达到更好的影像处理效果，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会上传资料到服务器。
4、小头功能
当您使用小头功能时，我们会用实例分割技术识别
轮廓参数（不会识别人脸等敏感信息）
。收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
（三）消息通知及内容推送
1、消息通知
我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息、续费通知或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过以下路径退订：
我-设置-隐私与通知-关闭按钮「允许设备接收短信通知」
2、内容推送
为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。我们需要收集的信息包括您的设备标识信息
（android为android_id、oaid、gaid、aaid、vaid，ios为idfa、idfv）、应用列表信息、IP地址、语言及时区及美颜相机中的浏览记录。
如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过以下路径关闭：
（1）关闭“个性化内容推荐“：我—设置—隐私与通知—个性化展示，
（2）关闭“个性化广告推荐“：我—设置—隐私与通知—个性化广告推荐，
美颜相机无跨平台推荐功能，不会使用上述信息在其他平台为您推荐个性化广告或内容。
3、依赖于动作开展的互动（如“扭一扭”）
当您进行“摇一摇”、“抖一抖”等依赖于动作开展的互动或活动时（如拍照），为了适配您的设备状态，我们会使用您的传感器信息
传感器信息（陀螺仪传感器、加速度传感器和旋转矢量传感器等），
以识别您的设备横竖屏状态，用于活动参与或为您展示下一步互动场景。
4、剪贴板
您在使用口令进行分享或使用兑换码兑换相应福利时，我们需要在本地访问您的剪切板，且仅读取美颜相机相关的口令码或兑换码信息。我们仅在本地识别出剪贴板信息属于美颜相机相关的口令码或兑换码时，才会将其上传服务器，除此之外，我们将不会上传剪贴板的其他信息至服务器。
（四）系统权限及个人信息清单
1、个人信息清单
您也可以通过
《基本功能个人信息收集清单》
简单便捷地了解基本功能所需的个人信息，附加功能所需收集的个人信息，我们将会在您使用附加功能时，单独获取您的同意。
2、系统权限
在您使用部分功能时，需要手机系统权限授权，我们会单独征求您的同意，拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的，
具体详情请见
《权限申请与使用情况说明》
。如您不同意开启权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可根据设备系统按照如下路径撤回授权：
iOS系统撤回授权的路径为：
（1）相机权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—相机权限，
（2）存储权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—存储权限，
（3）录音权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—录音权限，
（4）蓝牙权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—蓝牙服务，
（5）通知权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—通知权限，
（6）地理位置权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—地理位置权限，
（7）广告标识符权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—广告标识符权限。
安卓系统撤回授权的路径为：
(1)相机权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—相机权限，
(2)存储权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—存储权限，
(3)录音权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—录音权限，
(4)通知权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—通知权限，
(5)地理位置权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—地理位置权限，
（五）从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
您自主使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）或手机号码一键登录登录美图时，我们将从第三方合作伙伴处获得以下个人信息：
第三方名称
个人信息
使用场景
深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司
该平台登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括昵称、头像）
微信登录
深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司
QQ登录
北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司
微博登录
世纪龙信息网络有限责任公司
手机号码
电信一键登录
中移互联网有限公司
移动一键登录
2）美图需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美图用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。
        在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【我—设置—账号管理—第三方账号绑定-绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：
获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：
我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、向合作方共享个人信息
仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以保障为您共享的服务得以顺利完成，并帮助我们共享更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的要求以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，
您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》。
（二）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会通过短信、电话等方式向您告知个人信息接收方的名称和联系方式。我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此美颜相机个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（三）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（四）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1、为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2、为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3、为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4、为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5、依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6、法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与 “服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS 安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取 的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
6、我们已经通过了公安部信息安全等级保护三级认证，并实时跟进相关法律、法规、标准的更新和合规，我们将会尽最大努力抵御并处置各类信息安全的威胁，为您的信息安全提供全方位保障。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正：
您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【个人主页】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像等进行访问和更正。
2、搜索信息：
您可在【美颜相机】-【搜索栏】-【搜索记录】-【清空搜索记录】中删除您的搜索历史记录，
3、发布内容分享与删除：
您可以于【美颜相机】-【我】进入【个人主页】，并通过【内容】右上角的【●●●】随时分享、删除您自己发布的信息内容。
4、账号信息访问与更正：
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【设置】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定等信息。
5、个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
6、发生以下情形，我们将删除已收集的相关个人信息，您也可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
（1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
（2）我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
（3）您撤回同意的；
（4）我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
（5）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如此时法律、行政法规规定的保存期限尚未届满，我们将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（三）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（四）注销账号
1、注销当前应用账号：您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【注销账号】--【注销当前应用账号】进行。选择注销当前美颜相机APP账号时，我们将在您注销后立即清除存储于美颜相机内的您的所有个人信息及数据。
2、注销美图账号：您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【注销账号】--【注销美图账号】进行。选择注销当前美图账号时，注销为不可逆行为，注销后该美图账号无法登录，无法找回。该美图账号在美图系所有产品内的所有信息（包括但不限于您的个人信息、粉丝数、发布作品、评论、点赞、交易信息等）都会被清除，您的朋友将无法通过美图账号联系到您，请您谨慎操作。
您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（五）我们承诺对于您提出的更正、撤回、删除个人信息及注销账号的请求，我们均会在15个工作日完成核查和处理。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。美颜相机的开发者为厦门美图网科技有限公司（仅为开发者，并非运营主体及个人信息的收集主体）。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市同安区滨海西大道2557号美峰创谷2号楼美图大厦（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0:
We're sorry but 腾讯隐私保护平台 doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
下载
下载
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://pro.meitu.com/meiyan/agreements/privacy_policy_history/privacy_policy-2022-08.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 08 December 2022
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited ("we", "us" or "our") is dedicated to protecting
        the privacy of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (this
        "Policy") is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect,
        store, use, manage and protect your user information (including your
        personal information) as a controller and/or business under applicable
        data protection laws during your use of BeautyCam application including
        all its features (the "
Services
").
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using the Services. In this Policy, "personal
        information" refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains. Such personal information may
        include your name, gender, phone number, email address, date of birth,
        images, geo-location, personal identity number, identifiable biological
        information, and financial information (such as credit card or bank
        account number, WeChat Pay or Alipay account information).
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or via
        registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
        1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department,
        Meitu).
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve the Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of the Services.
The Information You Provide to Us
When you use the Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        to take full advantage of the Services and all their features. When you
        create an account, we will collect certain information that can be used
        to identify you or provide the Services to you, such as your name,
        username, gender, date of birth and mobile phone number and location.
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “
Subscription Service
”). If you choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we
        will collect certain personally identifiable information, such as your
        device ID. A third-party app store or payment processor may collect your
        financial information (such as bank account information, WeChat Pay or
        Alipay account information) and billing address.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity ("
IMEI
"), Unique Device Identifier
        (“
UDID
”) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier
        (“
GUUID
”), Identifier for Advertising
        ("
IDFA
") and Identifier for Vendor
        ("
IDFV
"), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier
        ("
ICCID
"), Media Access Control
        ("
MAC
") address, the type of device you use, operating
        system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device
        and resolution, which will be used by us for statistical and/or
        analytical reasons, including without limitation to improve our
        technical functionality, server load-balancing, analysis of technical
        data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize the Services and
        graphics adaptation.
We may send you push notifications on your mobile device from time to
        time. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications,
        you may turn them off from your mobile device.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use the Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services. We may use such information to
        provide customized services, for example to provide you with
        location-based advertising through push-notification.
Location Information
We will collect your Location Information, including the country code,
        latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system
        country and system time zone recorded on your device. This information
        will help us understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow
        us to provide users with the correct version of our apps, the
        reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time
        geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos, send
        relevant advertisements to you, and improve the Services. Unless we
        obtain your consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to
        identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided in this Policy,
        we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If
        you no longer wish to allow us to collect or use such information, you
        may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access to
        information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may
        still continue to receive some Location Information, such as your
        Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you
        using the Services.
Log Information
When you use some of the Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam ("
Log Information
"). Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you
        use the Services, (ii) device statistics, including critical operation
        paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is
        used to improve the Services and is NOT USED to identify our users
        individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our service, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use the Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise "Facial
        Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content
        Tags" and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Face Recognition
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation
        results of ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping
        information, which may require to use your facial recognition features
        in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature
        analysis using the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Forum
You should be aware that ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE IN
        A FORUM WILL BE MADE PUBLIC and may be read, collected, copied,
        distributed and used by others who access the forums, and may result in
        unsolicited messages from third parties and further distribution of such
        content or information. The activities of the third parties who collect
        your information from such publicly accessible forums are beyond our
        control. As such, you should not post sensitive personal information or
        any other information that you do not want to be made public. You can
        remove your personal information from these forums by yourself or by
        contacting us at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
. In some cases,
        we may not be able to remove your personal information from the forums,
        in which case, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
        However, please be aware that if a third party has collected or
        otherwise saved the information you have made public, we will not be
        able to assist you in removing or deleting that information from
        wherever the third party has stored or posted it.
Cookies
When you are using the Services, we or a third party designated by us
        will use cookies, tags and scripts to collect information for the
        purposes of analyzing trends, managing the Services, tracking
        users’ activity on the BeautyCam and collecting demographics on
        the user base. Information collected may include information about your
        Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider
        (ISP), referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and
        timestamps, and clickstream data.
Advertising
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and may collect and use information about you such
        as your Advertising ID, geographic location and IP address for the
        purpose of delivering and tracking these advertisements. If your device
        does not have Advertising ID, we may use other persistent identifiers.
        We may also access your App list and collect the application package
        names of the applications installed on your device. We use the above
        information to help us better count, track and provide advertisements
        based on suitability, language, geographic location and other details.
        If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may opt out as
        your device permits. For more information, please contact us at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
. Please note you
        will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of interest-based
        advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
.
User Data Supplementation
We may receive information about you from other sources, including
        publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have
        purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have
        about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records,
        identify new customers, and provide products, services, and advertising
        that may be of interest to you. If you provide us with personal
        information about others, or if others give us your information, we will
        only use that information for the specific reason for which it was
        provided to us. Examples of the types of personal information that may
        be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and
        combined with information we already have about you, may include:
        Purchased marketing data about our customers from third parties that is
        combined with information we already have about you, to create more
        tailored advertising and products.
If you provide us any personal information of any third party, you shall
        obtain the consent of such third party for the collection, use and
        disclosure thereof by us in accordance with these purposes. You further
        represent and warrant that in relation to any such third party personal
        information that you provide, you have obtained such consent for such
        collection, use and disclosure by us.
Payment Processors
If you sign up through BeautyCam a Subscription Service to purchase
        premium content, a third-party app store or payment processor may
        receive, access or use your payment information (such as bank account
        information, WeChat Pay or Alipay account information) for the purpose
        of processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms
        for information on how it maintains and uses personal financial
        information for all purchases.
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process,
        maintain, improve and develop our Services provided to you, including
        customer support, and other services provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop
        and analyze statistics on the use of our products and Services for the
        purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The
        personal information that we collect when you use or Services to create
        an account will be used by us to create your account and profile.
(iv)
To facilitate your use of forums.
Some
        of your user information may be used when we display your profile, when
        you interact with other users and when you publish forum posts on
        BeautyCam (if applicable).
(v)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we or third-party service providers may take
        advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising,
        the correct version of our Services and help you gain good user
        experience.
(vi)
To improve user experience.
Certain
        optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyze
        data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user
        experience.
(vii)
To provide push services.
Device
        information may be used by us to provide push services to assess the
        performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide
        notifications on new product releases.
(viii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying
        your identity using a text message when you log in to your account helps
        prevent unauthorized logins to your account.
(ix)
To collect feedback from you.
Your
        feedback is of great value in helping us to improve our Services. To
        keep track of your feedback, we may collect and use the personal
        information provided by you such as your email to contact you and retain
        the records.
(x)
Other purposes.
We will collect,
        store, maintain and use information about you for purposes under the
        “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our
        operations, pursuing our legitimate interests (e.g., direct marketing,
        research (including marketing research), network and information
        security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
Providing you with advertising;
Payment processing;
Providing customer services;
Sending marketing communications;
Fulfilling subscription services;
Conducting research and analysis; and
Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i) protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii) preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv) taking action in line with our purposes as described in the "The
        Information We Collect" or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v) complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
consent(where you have given consent);
contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
          contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
          services you have requested);
legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information to
          provide and improve our services, including protecting your account,
          providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as
          our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the
          impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is
          otherwise required or permitted by law); and
legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
          requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
          enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will retain your information
        (including your personal information) for such period as is required for
        us to continue to provide you with our Services.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (the “right to data portability”); (iv) object to or
        restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or
        amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed
        personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request
        erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain
        exceptions prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title
) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
            children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to
            your region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
            information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
            phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
            information about children under 16, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(please
            quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or send a registered mail to
            Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
            West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). If we
            learn that we have collected personal information from children
            under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
            region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and
            terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by
              us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the
              world, including but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United
              States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the
              servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our service
              providers, in order to provide the Services.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California
        residents with the right to know what categories of personal information
        we have collected about them:
Category of Personal Information
Collected by us?
Identifiers
Yes
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e)
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
                federal law
Yes
Commercial information
Yes
Biometric information
No
Internet activity or electronic network activity information
Yes
Geolocation data
Yes
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
                information
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
No
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational
                Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
                99))
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a
                profile
Yes
The CCPA also provides California residents with the right to opt out of
        the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, a “sale” is
        broadly defined as making available personal information to a
        third-party for valuable consideration. It does not necessarily mean
        money was exchanged for the transfer of personal information.
For purposes of the CCPA, a “sale” may include using targeted
        advertising services to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or
        other sites. Like most mobile applications, we use these services, which
        enable us to provide the Services and relevant offers to you. As a
        result, we may “sell” the following categories of personal information:
        identifiers (e.g., advertising IDs); internet activity; geolocation
        data; and inferences drawn to create a profile.
California residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their personal
        information by turning off the switch next to “Do not sell my personal
        information”.
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free
        of charge with an opportunity to obtain a list of third parties to which
        we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information
        for their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are
        a resident of California and wish to obtain this list, you may send an
        email with the subject
"BeautyCam - The right to privacy of a California resident"
to
compliance@meitu.com
or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong
(attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF NEVADA
Nevada residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their covered information
        by turning off the switch next to “Do not sell my personal information”.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
        Region of the People's Republic of China, without regard to its conflict
        of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder will also be resolved
        in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant
        that this Policy complies with the privacy law of any jurisdiction.
        Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance with such
        law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED
            KINGDOM
If you are in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) or the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), we will not collect any of your information set forth above.
        However, we will process certain information related to your SIM card
        which enables us to verify whether you are in the EEA or the UK. We use
        this information to verify whether you are in the EEA or the UK and to
        prevent the processing operations outlined above. Where we are unable to
        collect such information, we will ask you whether you are in the EEA or
        the UK. The legal basis for the processing of this SIM card data or your
        answer to the question about your whereabouts is the performance of a
        contract with you (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) of the Regulation (EU 2016/679
        of the European Parliament and of the Council) and UK General Data
        Protection Regulation (collectively “GDPR”). Without the provision of
        such data, we may not be able to provide you with any Services.
As we are located in the People’s Republic of China, we are
        required to transfer this information to the People’s Republic of
        China. Please be aware that the European Commission and the Information
        Commissioner’s Office have not issued an adequacy decision in
        relation to the People’s Republic of China.
We will retain this information for as long as needed to provide you
        with our Services.
Controller
The controller for the purposes of Art. 4 no. 7 GDPR with respect to the
        processing outlined in this Policy is Meitu (China) Limited, Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong. You may contact us via registered mail at the above address
        (attention: Legal Department, Meitu) or via e-mail at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title.)
Representative
Our representative in the European Union and the UK is Rivacy GmbH and
        Rivacy Limited respectively. For users in the EEA you may contact our
        representative via e-mail at
info@rivacy.eu
or via
        registered mail at Rivacy GmbH, Mexikoring 33, 22297 Hamburg. For users
        in the UK, you may contact our representative via e-mail at
info@rivacy.co.uk
or via registered mail at Unit
        G1/G2, The Imperial Laundry, 87 Warriner Gardens, London SW11 4DX,
        United Kingdom.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject in the EEA or the UK, you have the following rights
        with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access
As a data subject you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as
        to whether we are processing your personal data (Art. 15 para. 1 GDPR).
        If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and
        the information listed in Art. 15 para. 1 GDPR. This includes
        information regarding the purposes of the processing, the categories of
        personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories
        of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed.
Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification set out in Art.
        16 GDPR, i.e., to have your inaccurate data processed by us
        rectification and incomplete personal data completed.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain from us the erasure of
        your personal data and we are obliged to erase your personal data
        without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 para. 1
        GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if personal data are no
        longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were
        collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we
        are also obliged, taking account of available technology and the cost of
        implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures,
        to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you
        have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy
        or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 para. 2 GDPR).
The right to be forgotten does not apply if the processing is necessary
        for one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 para. 3 GDPR. This can be the
        case, for example, if the processing is necessary for compliance with a
        legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
        claims (Art. 17 para. 3 lit. a) and e) GDPR).
Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain from us the restriction of
        processing if one of the conditions provided in Art. 18 para. 1 GDPR
        applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy
        of the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing
        lasts for a period that enables us to verify the accuracy of the
        personal data (Art. 18 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of
        restricting their future processing (Art. 4 para. 3 GDPR).
Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to receive your personal data which
        you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and
        machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller
        without hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant
        to point Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or
        on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR and the processing
        is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 para. 1 GDPR).
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have
        the right to have your personal data transmitted directly from us to
        another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 para. 2 GDPR).
Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions
        provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to object on grounds relating to the particular situation of
            the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to
        your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal
        data which is based on Art. 6 para. 1, lit. e) or f) GDPR including
        profiling based on those provisions.
To verify whether our processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1, lit. e) or
        f) GDPR, please refer to the sections “How We Use Information” and
        “Information Sharing and Disclosure” of this Privacy Notice above.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we
        will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate
        compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your
        interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or
        defence of legal claims.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes,
        you have the right to object at any time to processing of your personal
        data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it
        is related to such direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer
        process your personal data for these purposes.
Right to withdraw consent
Where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you
        have the right, pursuant to Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR, to withdraw your
        consent at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the
        legitimacy of the processing that occurred based on your consent until
        the withdrawal.
To verify whether our processing is based on consent pursuant to point
        Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or on a
        contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR please refer to the
        sections “How We Use Information” and “Information Sharing and
        Disclosure” of this Privacy Notice above.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a
        supervisory authority under the conditions provided in Art. 57 para. 1
        lit. f) GDPR.
Exercise of your rights under GDPR
As a data subject, you may exercise any of the rights listed above in
        accordance with the instructions and limitations set forth in the
        section “Privacy Rights” above.
Additional Information on Your Rights as a Data Subject
For further information on your rights as a data subject please refer to
        Art. 12 to 21 GDPR.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to compliance@meitu.com (
please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title
) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1
        Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (Attention: Legal Department,
        Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
To provide our services to you, we may collect your personal information
        from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Privacy Notice above
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and
          processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the
          People’s Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Privacy Notice above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Identity of the recipient and contact information of Data
                Protection Office
Location of the recipient
Purpose of use of personal information by the recipient
Personal information to be transferred
Data and method of transfer
Period of retention and use of personal information by the
                recipient
Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
http://policies.google.com/privacy
USA
Subscription payment services and advertisement services
Region
User uid
Online transfer
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party recipient
Apple Inc
https://developer.apple.com/app-store/app-privacy-details/
USA
Subscription payment services and advertisement services
Region
User uid
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
USA
Subscription payment services and advertisement services
Region
User uid
AppsFlyer Ltd.
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
USA
Subscription payment services and advertisement services
Region
User uid
WeChat International Pte. Ltd., Tencent International Services
                Europe BV
https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html
China
Access to third party services in accordance with your request.
User alias, profile photo, gender, region
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://www.qq.com/yszc-en.htm
China
Access to third party services in accordance with your request.
User alias, profile photo, gender, region
Weibo Corporation
https://weibo.com/signup/v5/protocol
China
Access to third party services in accordance with your request.
User alias, profile photo, gender, region
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside
        of South Korea, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title
) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will not transfer your personal information, subject to
        certain exceptions prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will
        take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
        Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal
        information, your use of some of our Services may be affected.
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will retain your information
        (including your personal information) for such period as is required for
        us to continue to provide you with our Services and destroy your
        personal information without delay when your personal information
        becomes unnecessary. When we destroy your personal information, we will
        take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to ensure
        the personal information is permanently deleted.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complains
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
美颜相机个人信息保护政策
最新修改日期：2022年12月16日
厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司及其关联方（即“我们”）作为美颜相机的运营者，会严格按照法律的规定，保护您的个人信息以及隐私安全，本个人信息保护政策（“本政策”）旨在向您说明，在使用美颜相机APP（以下称“产品”或
        “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
导言
我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。美颜相机客户端、网站、相关微信小程序或美颜相机于第三方平台建立的应用等（统称“美颜相机平台”），均适用于本《个人信息保护政策》，但我们收使用、共享您的个人信息方式、类型将可能根据您选择的不同美颜相机平台而有所不同，在此基础上，我们承诺对您个人信息收集、使用的最大限度不超过本《个人信息保护政策》的范畴。同时，但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用美颜相机中的美图证件照服务，对于您个人信息的保护，请参阅美图证件照的《美图证件照个人信息保护政策》。
下文将帮您详细了解我们如何收集、存储、使用、传输、提供、公开披露与保护个人信息；帮您了解查询、更正、补充、删除、复制、转移个人信息的方式。其中，
有关您个人信息权益的重要内容已用加粗斜体形式提示
，在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）注册、登录及使用美图账号
1、在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个美图账号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称
。
2、关于美图账号
美图账号可登录、使用美图公司旗下各APP（包括但不限于美图秀秀、美拍、美颜相机、海报工厂等），为满足您一致的服务体验，在您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时且自主选择使用已注册的美图账号的，该美图账号将会同步您的
昵称、头像、地区、性别
等您自主填写的公开信息；同步您的关注和粉丝等用户关系；同步您于美图社区发布的内容等。如您不希望上述内容被同步，请您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时选择其他注册、登录方式。
（二）用于实名认证
当您在申请提现、借钱等其他需要实名认证的功能或服务时，为满足法律法规的合规需求或合同签署之目的，保障您的财产安全等，需要您提供真实身份信息（如
真实姓名、身份证号码
等）以完成实名认证，上述信息为
敏感个人信息
，我们会对此进行严格保密，并不会将上述信息用于其他目的。同时，您也可拒绝提供上述信息，这将导致您无法使用需要实名认证的特定功能，但不影响您继续使用美颜相机其他功能或服务。在完成实名认证过程中，为保证信息真实性，我们可能委托提供认证服务的第三方认证机构核验您提供的认证信息。
（三）向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会按照实现安全保障需求的一定频率收集您的设备信息，包括
设备标识信息（指由设备制造商编入到设备以对其进行标识的一串字符，Android如IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、VAID、AAID，iOS如IDFV、IDFA，本政策中所指的“设备标识信息”均同本定义）、硬件序列号、MAC地址
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
（四）向您提供其他相关产品功能和/或服务
为实现以下各项产品功能和/或服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务。
1、客户服务。当您向美颜相机提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供
姓名、手机号码、电子邮件
及
其他有效的联系方式
等个人信息。
          如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
2、当您使用美颜相机中提供的自拍、特效、滤镜等工具拍摄并发布内容时，我们会根据您的操作及使用的工具类型使用传感器信息，以适配您所选用的工具。当您拍照或浏览内容时，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
3、美颜记忆服务。当您登录使用并调整美颜相机的美颜参数，例如调整了磨皮、大眼等参数，我们会记录您的调整记录，以便下次登录使用时直接给您适合的匹配参数，方便您的使用。
4、AI算法优化服务。当您使用相机和图片精修功能拍照时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
皮肤和五官参数
，这是为了实现AI算法优化，更准确快速反馈检测报告，使用次数越多，AI算法优化效果越好。这类信息是为提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
5、iOS人脸优化处理效果。我们的服务可能会利用iOS的 ARKit 和 TrueDepth
          应用程序接口中人脸映像深度相关资讯运算结果，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
6、问候服务：当您使用拍照功能时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
面部识别特征
，用以辨别您的性别，提供人性化的问候服务。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
7、美图证件照功能：当您使用美图证件照功能时，为了您获得符合您标准的证件照，我们会收集您的
人脸图像信息
用于证件照检测与制作，我们会收集您的电子邮箱，在证件照片制作完成后，我们将通过您的电子邮箱向您发送电子版证件照片。这类信息收集后将回传至我们的服务器，我们将对
人脸图像信息
进行处理以便生成最终证件照，我们承诺将会定期删除处理。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。
8、个性化展示服务。为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会基于收集的信息，
          对用户偏好进行特征分析和用户人群画像（该个性化推荐算法不会识别特定自然人的真实身份），
          以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，
          以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。为此，我们需要收集的信息包括您的
设备识标识信息、符合国家或行业团体标准的广告标识信息、地理位置信息（如GPS）、语言及时区、使用本产品浏览器型号、您的应用列表信息、正在运行的进程信息
，其中精确的地理位置信息需要您的授权，若您拒绝授权位置权限会影响定位的准确性，我们将无法向您推送最为精确的个性化内容和广告，
          但不会影响其他功能与服务的正常使用，我们也仅会基于
网络信息（如IP）
对应的城市及/或区县向你展示可能相关的内容、服务和广告。
          如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过本协议明示的方式关闭该功能。
9、“摇一摇”这类依赖于动作开展的互动
当您进行“摇一摇”、“抖一抖”等依赖于动作开展的互动或活动时，我们会使用您的传感器信息，以识别您的动作，用于活动参与或为您展示下一步互动场景。
10、我们可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型、WLAN接入点（如SSID、BSSID）
，以实现在广告推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的，例如：当我们监测到您处于WIFI环境下，我们可能为您直接播放视频类广告内容；当我们检测您处于无网络、或弱移动网络的环境下，我们将仅为您推送您已经缓存于本地的广告内容。
11、维护产品安全及时排除故障。为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
EXIF数据、设备标识信息、操作日志信息
。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
12、保障账号安全。当您在使用修改密码、安全验证、申诉行为，且操作行为存在异常时，我们可能会要求您提供
有效身份信息
，以确保上述操作行为的安全性。此为个人敏感信息，我们将采取严格的保密措施，并不会向第三方进行共享。
13、用于互动分享和调起第三方支付等功能。如您在使用美颜美口令功能时，我们需要在本地访问您的
剪切板信息
，读取其中包含的美口令，以实现跳转完成会员兑换。我们仅在本地识别出剪切板信息属于美口令时，才会将其上传服务器。除此之外，我们将不会上传剪切板的其他信息至服务器。如您将美颜相机中内容分享至第三方平台时，我们会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方平台是否存在从而达成分享目的；如您使用美颜相机中支付功能时，我们也会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
14、医美体验馆功能。当您选择医美体验馆并使用拍照功能生成医美报告时，我们将会收集无法识别于您个人的五官参数，为您生成详细的医美体验前后对比报告。在该功能下，我们仅在服务端对相关数据进行分析并形成相应的报告，我们不会将相关数据回传至服务器，不会进行任何形式的存储，也不会将这些信息用于除此以外的任何其他目的，更不会将其提供给任何第三方。
15、水印记录功能。当您选择水印记录并使用打卡功能记录您的位置信息时，在您主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的
精准地理位置
信息以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限，可能会影响您的正常使用，但不影响您正常使用美颜相机的其他功能。
16、AI绘画：AI绘画功能的生成内容是以原始图像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI绘画功能时，您需要上传您的原始图像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
17、AI肖像馆：AI肖像馆功能的生成内容是以原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI肖像馆功能时，在征得您单独同意的情况下，我们会将您上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
18、消息通知：我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过短信中提供的退订方式或我们提供的其他方式进行退订。
在您开启通知权限的前提下，我们可能向您推送您关注的用户、内容及热点推荐等，如您不希望收到上述推荐，您可在手机系统设置中关闭美颜相机通知权限。
您也可以通过
《个人信息收集清单》
快速了解我们如何收集您的个人信息。
（四）我们可能从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
1、您使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）登录美颜相机时，可选择授权美颜相机在符合相关法律法规要求的前提下读取并获得
您在该第三方平台上登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括
              昵称、头像）
。
2、美颜相机需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美颜相机用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【设置—账号管理—绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
（五）美图基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用
1、如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供
个人有效身份信息
>以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
2、请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护美图及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方。
4、第三方商家。当您使用美颜相机时，您可能会浏览到由第三方商家共享的商品信息，若您对该商品有兴趣，您可以在商品页面手动输入您的姓名、电话号码、电子邮件、QQ号、微信号、性别、地址、生日（具体输入信息种类视实际页面为准）等用于商家回访的相关信息，商家将可能会对您进行回访，以便确认您的购卖意向。
请您特别注意，您一旦主动输入并提交上述信息，即视为您已经同意将上述信息共享给第三方商家用于回访之目的应用，如您认为所填写信息与回访无关，您可以拒绝填写，同时，我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）不对您主动填写的信息的真实性负责，因信息不实造成的任何损失与纠纷，由您自行承担责任，与我司无关。
5、与我们的关联公司共享：我们为您所提供的产品/服务大多是无法单独完成的，因此您的个人信息可能会与我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）的关联公司进行共享，我们只会在为实现向您提供本产品相关功能和服务的目的下共享必要的个人信息且受本个人信息保护政策所声明目的的约束。关联公司若要改变个人信息的处理目的，将再次征求您的同意。我们的关联公司包括：厦门美图网科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图之家科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图移动科技有限公司及其分、子公司等。我司及我司关联公司合称“美图”。
（二）向合作方共享个人信息
仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将委托由授权的合作伙伴提供（我们会与授权的合作伙根据法律规定签署相关处理协议，并对其个人信息使用活动进行监督），如推广服务、借钱服务、游戏服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务、电商平台合作、运营商计费充值服务。美图仅提供广告合作或接入跳转服务，您需要在使用合作方产品或功能前仔细阅读合作方的用户协议和隐私政策再进行使用。仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的个人信息保护政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
1）广告服务类合作伙伴。
A.
功能类型：广告归因。
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商（例如秒针）和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 广告主评估广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主自行处理以判断广告转化的用户来源、广告转化的效果等，支撑其商业决策。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理数据，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障隐私安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
B.
功能类型： 程序化广告推送
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主进行程序化广告推送
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主通过自动化方式自行决策是否下发广告。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护政策的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
C.
功能类型： 优化广告投放效果
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主提升广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主对数据进行分析并优化其广告投放的模型、策略等，提升广告投放的效果以及用户的体验。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
注：上文所列的IDFA均为 iOS 14.5之前版本的信息
2）功能类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机的迪奥AI彩妆师功能时，我们会收集您使用本功能时的浏览试妆行为，并将您使用本功能所必要的个人信息（如
您的用户设备ID、美图账号ID、手机号码，使用本功能的浏览试妆行为以及妆容收藏、产品详情点击数据
）共享给路威酩轩香水化妆品（上海）有限公司旗下Parfums Christian
          Dior（“Dior”），以实现您获取五官分析、妆容定制、更有针对性地向您推荐产品以及实现您购买产品、申请小样、售后服务与发送信息，促使其可以完成后续的客户沟通、售后服务等。
具体请您仔细阅读Dior的
《个人信息处理规则》
，以了解Dior将如何收集、使用、保存并保护您的个人信息。
3）技术支持类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机时，在具体功能应用场景需要合作伙伴提供相关技术支持，我们的应用中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的SDK或其他类似的应用程序。合作方浙江每日互动网络科技股份有限公司需要共享您的
设备信息、软件安装列表、网络及位置信息
，其目的是帮助分析您的兴趣爱好，实现更准确画像标签，从而为您提供符合您需求的信息，节省您的内容搜索时间。如您在美化图片时希望使用带有地理位置信息的水印素材，需要将您的设备标识信息和地理位置信息共享给百度地图运营方；当您使用产品中支付功能时，需要将您的
唯一设备识别码
共享给支付宝或微信运营方。如您使用华为/小米/魅族手机时，相关手机硬件厂商需要读取您的
设备识别码、联网相关信息
，用于推送/下发通知栏消息。
4）运营商业务信息共享：在美图和运营商（移动、联通、电信）的合作业务中，美图可能会向运营商共享您的
手机号
，用于用户身份识别和会员服务购买扣费。
5）游戏合作方：当您在美颜相机中使用由第三方提供的游戏业务时，我们可能会向游戏合作伙伴（游戏开发商、游戏发行商等）共享您的
身份证号信息、及是否通过公安部的实名验证
，以便协助游戏合作伙伴落实实名注册制度，并有效防止未成年人沉迷网络游戏。
我们还可能向游戏合作伙伴共享您的付款信息，以便于游戏合作方识别充值用户，用于为充值用户进一步提供充值后的增值服务。
为运行游戏之需要，或在运行游戏中请求广告参数，我们可能会向游戏合作方共享您的部分个人信息。我司合作的游戏合作方包括：北京久如技术有限公司（leto游戏），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享
设备标识信息
；手机QQ空间玩吧（安卓端），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享设备标识信息。如果您不同意共享上述信息，您将无法享受到我们的游戏服务。
6）钱包功能：钱包功能中的部分服务由我们的合作方提供。借钱业务由贷款服务商（如北京微聚未来科技有限公司、北京微聚智汇科技有限公司、辽宁自贸试验区（营口片区）桔子数字科技有限公司、百融云创科技股份有限公司、重庆市崇天小额贷款有限公司，根据业务发展可能会有所调整） 提供，当您使用该服务时，我们会向贷款服务商共享符合该服务所必要的个人信息，具体以您使用借钱服务时同意的
《个人信息使用授权协议》
为准。旧手机换钱服务由北京友传网络科技有限公司提供，我们会向其共享您的用户uid，用于快速登录。
7）技术支持类合作伙伴：为我们提供技术分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集相关个人信息用于实现其所支持的服务。同时，还有提供分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。
8）联合会员服务：为帮助您顺利领取美颜相机紫钻VIP和合作商会员等相关权益，我们会收集您的
手机号码
，并将您的手机号码提供给开展联名会员服务的合作商，以确保合作商可将相关权益发放至您前述手机号码绑定的合作商平台账号下。
（三）我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》
。
（四）委托处理
对于委托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与受托人约定委托处理的目的、期限、处理方式、个人信息的种类、保护措施以及双方的权利和义务等，并对受托人的个人信息处理活动进行监督。
（五）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（六）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（七）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的授权同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1) 为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3)
          为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4)
          为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5)
          依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像、地区、生日等进行访问和更正。
2、账号信息访问与更正——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定、注销账号等信息。
3、关闭定向推送——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【自拍设置】-【个性化展示】中关闭定向推送功能（包括个性化推送素材及定向广告）。
4、在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
2) 我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
3) 您撤回同意的；
4) 我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
5) 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从美图获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
（二）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（三）基本模式的使用
拍摄、图片美化、人像美容是美颜相机的基本功能。如果您仅希望使用美颜相机为您提供的编辑、调色等无需个人信息即可使用的基本拍摄、美颜功能，可选择进入基本功能模式。您在使用基本功能模式时，将无法使用完整的功能。同时，您将无法体验美颜相机为您提供的注册/登录、信息发布、互动交流、活动参与等丰富的服务。在基本功能模式下，美颜相机不会上传任何可识别到您个人的个人信息。
（四）注销帐户
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中进行账号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理账号中的资产后，为您提供账号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（五）关闭个性化推荐
您可在【设置】-【通用】-【个性化选项】-【个性化内容推荐】进行。选择关闭个性化推荐时，我们将在您关闭后停止向您推送个性化内容和广告，但您收到的推荐内容和广告的总量不会变化。
（六）个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
（七）对于您的权利要求的响应
为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市思明区软件园二期望海路6号楼2单元1-3层（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
此处仅为权限相关说明，我们将可能在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可在设备的设置功能中关闭您已授权的权限。拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。
APP权限
权限与获取信息描述
权限使用目的及业务场景
网络访问权限（android）
访问网络信息
用于下载和运行游戏。
电话权限
读取手机状态
读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于识别用户、保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）、保存游戏进度（当用户选择使用第三方提供的游戏服务时）、第三方广告投放。
存储权限（写入）
写入外部存储
用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、视频保存到本地等的文件保存功能。
地理位置权限
接收卫星的定位信息
获取精确位置地理位置的权限。用于用户带有地理位置的水印、素材的获取、第三方广告投放。在用户主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的地理位置以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限。
录音权限
录制声音
用于美颜相机的视频录制功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、电音特效相机中的拍视频功能。
相机权限
允许使用相机
用于产品的拍照、视频录制的功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、超清人像相机、大头贴、发型管家、美老师证件照相机、电音特效相机中的拍照、视频录制功能。
蓝牙服务
允许使用蓝牙服务
使用蓝牙权限。用于自拍杆功能。
存储权限（读取）
读取外部存储
读取本地图片、视频、游戏包等文件，用于帮助用户进行图片、视频美化、游戏包正常下载和存储。
通知权限
向用户发送通知
向用户推送平台活动、营销信息等。
未知来源安装权限（android）
允许应用程序请求安装包
用于用户下载游戏安装包
拨打电话权限（android）
允许应用程序在不通过拔号盘界面的情况下发起电话呼叫
用于直接拨打电话
隱私政策
更新日期：2020年7月7日
我們非常重視您的隱私權！
美圖公司及其關聯控制方（「美圖」、「我們」或「我們的」）致力於保護使用者（「使用者」或「您」）的隱私權。本隱私政策（「本政策」）旨在向您說明，在您使用我們的網站和服務時，我們如何收集、儲存、使用、管理和保護您的使用者資訊（包括個人資訊）。收集途徑主要包括：www.meitu.com、www.meipai.com和www.beautyplus.com（「我們的網站」），或其他行動裝置上（如：蘋果裝置和Android裝置）提供的美圖應用程式產品（「我們的服務」），但特定美圖應用程式產品提供獨立的隱私政策的除外。
請注意，本政策範圍僅限於您使用我們的網站和服務時，向美圖提交或者由美圖收集的使用者資訊（包括個人資訊）；本政策下「個人資訊」指資訊本身或與美圖能夠存取的個人的其他資訊關聯後，能夠辨識特定個人的資料，包括您的姓名、地址、電話號碼和電子郵件地址。
使用我們的網站和服務，即表示您同意本政策，並同意根據本政策中規定的方式對您的使用者資訊（包括您的個人資訊）進行收集、處理、披露和分享。如果您不同意本政策及未來修訂版本的任何條款，請不要使用我們的網站和我們的服務。
如您對本政策或任何隱私權相關問題有任何疑問，請透過support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com與我們聯絡，或者以掛號信方式將郵件寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
我們收集哪些資訊
為了向您提供我們的網站和服務，我們將在法律允許的範圍內和僅在您瀏覽網站、使用某些功能或者服務時，根據本政策規定收集您的個人資訊和使用者資訊。如果您不提供這些資訊，我們可能無法向您提供我們的產品或服務。
您提供給我們的資訊
在您使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們可能會建議您註冊一個美圖帳號，以方便您充分利用我們的網站、我們的服務及其優勢。當您註冊美圖帳號時，我們會收集您所提供資訊以辨識您的身分，其中包括您的帳號名稱、行動電話號碼等註冊美圖帳號的必需資訊。在您在申請開通美拍影片直播功能時，我們將根據法律規定要求您提供本人真實有效的身分資訊（包括但不限於姓名、身分證號碼和手機號碼）以供實名認證。
裝置資訊
當您在行動裝置上使用我們的服務時，我們會收集與您裝置相關的資訊，例如國際行動電話裝置識別碼（「IMEI」）、廣告識別碼（「IDFA」與「IDFV」）、積體電路卡識別碼（「ICCID」）和媒體存取控制（「MAC」）地址、裝置型號與裝置解析度，以便我們統計使用我們產品與服務的裝置數量，並進行裝置機型資料分析與圖形適配分析。
網路資訊
當您在連接網際網路狀態下使用我們的網站或我們的服務時，我們會收集您所使用的電信廠商名稱與網路類型，目的是為了瞭解使用者的電信廠商和網路分布情況。此外，我們還收集連接的WIFI名稱與WIFI連接時間，以瞭解您使用服務的使用者場景。
位置資訊
我們收集您的位置資訊，如國家代碼、經緯度資訊、網路位置、IP地址和系統設定國家及時區資訊。這些資訊有助於我們瞭解使用者分布和使用者使用場景，以利我們提供正確的應用程式版本及更優質的服務。除本政策另有約定外，我們不會與任何第三方分享這些資訊。如果您希望我們停止追蹤或使用具體位置資訊，您可以選擇在裝置上關閉網路、GPS功能，或者停用我們取得您網路、GPS、裝置資訊的權限。
記錄資訊
當您使用我們的某些服務，包括參與、產生、瀏覽與我們的服務相關之內容時，我們將自動收集美圖應用程式產品內某些相關的記錄資訊，這些資訊包括：(1)
        關於您的使用時間與使用頻率的詳細資料；(2)
        裝置統計資訊、關鍵操作路徑、錯誤日誌、當機紀錄、語言和時區等。這些記錄資訊能夠幫助我們充分瞭解和改善服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
圖片資訊
當您選擇使用我們服務中的雲美化功能時，請您理解並同意，為了向您提供該項服務並持續最佳化，我們須將您的圖片上傳至我們的伺服器處理，處理完畢後再將圖片傳回給您；在此過程中，我們還將同步收到您圖片的
        EXIF 資訊（根據裝置廠商的不同，EXIF 資訊可能包括圖片拍攝與處理時的
        GPS、裝置型號、感光度（ISO）、前後置鏡頭與建立時間資訊等），以便進一步最佳化我們的服務。
詮釋資料
詮釋資料通常是與使用者內容相關聯的技術資料。簡言之，它是描述資料的資料。例如，它可以描述圖片（或同類文件）中包含的地理位置資訊及檔案建立時間，圖片中包含的粗略人物特徵和圖片中包含的內容。當您在使用我們的服務時，我們將利用照片詮釋資料為您提供更精準的「人臉辨識」、「關鍵點標記」、「區域分割」、「內容標籤」，以及由這些基礎功能組合而成的其他自訂功能。正常情況下，這些詮釋資料無法用於辨識任何特定的個人。這些詮釋資料的目的是改進服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
論壇資訊
我們的部分網站或者應用程式提供面向公眾的社群論壇。請知悉，如果您在這些網站或者應用程式上公開發布了資訊，則任何可登入到該網站的使用者將可以閱讀到您的資訊，或加以收集、使用。如您自己無法將您的個人資訊從社群論壇中刪除，請聯絡我們：support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。有時候，我們可能無法刪除您的個人資訊，在這種情況下我們會告知您情況及其原因。
Cookie
只在您瀏覽我們的網站時，美圖或美圖委託合作第三方會使用cookie、標籤和腳本等技術，收集記錄檔案和本機快取資訊，以用於分析趨勢、管理網站、追蹤使用者的網站活動，並收集關於整個使用者群的人口統計資訊。記錄檔案資訊可能包括網際網路協議
        (IP) 地址、瀏覽器類型、網際網路服務供應商
        (ISP)、引用/退出頁面、作業系統、日期/時間標記和點擊流資料。
廣告資訊
我們可能在服務中放映廣告，並且可能出於追蹤廣告之目的來收集並使用有關您的資訊，例如您的裝置識別碼、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。這些資訊將用於建立內部使用者編號，以幫助我們更好地計數和追蹤基於語言、地理位置和其他細節的廣告。我們不會將這些資訊出售給第三方。
第三方服務收集的資訊
我們提供的服務可能包括屬於我們的服務供應商之第三方追蹤工具。該第三方可能會在我們提供的服務中使用cookies、API（應用程式介面）以及SDK（軟體開發套件），藉此代表我們收集並分析使用者資訊。第三方可能會存取您的裝置識別碼、MAC（媒體存取控制）地址、IMEI（國際行動設備識別碼）、區域（使用指定語言的特定地點）、地理位置資訊及IP地址等資訊，旨在實現在其各自隱私政策下提供服務。我們的隱私政策不會覆蓋到第三方追蹤工具的使用。我們沒有權限存取或控制這些第三方。若想瞭解更多相應第三方資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。
使用者體驗計畫收集的資訊
我們可能在產品中發布相應的使用者體驗計畫，旨在幫助改善產品技術與服務、提升使用者體驗。您可自行選擇參與，並且隨時退出。當您同意參與相應產品的使用者體驗計畫之後，我們將根據相應使用者體驗計畫收集您的資訊，直到您選擇退出該計畫為止。這些資訊是為了幫助我們充分瞭解和改善技術和服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
其他資訊
我們還可能收集其他各類與個人沒有關聯的資訊（例如作業系統類型與版本號），以瞭解系統升級情況、系統語言以用於搭配語言、應用程式列表以瞭解使用者的興趣偏好等。收集此類資訊的目的在於改善我們所提供的服務。此外，我們的服務可能會利用蘋果的
        ARKit 和 TrueDepth
        應用程式介面中人臉映射深度相關資訊運算結果，以達到更好的人臉影像處理效果；在此期間，我們既不會將該等運算結果用於其他目的，也不會以記錄為目的，或以其他方式蒐集您的臉部映射深度為目的，擷取檔案中的任何資料或上傳資料到伺服器。中繼資料是指與使用者內容相關的技術資料，是描述資料的資料。 例如，中繼資料可以描述由電腦演算法和人工智慧生成和標記的面部特徵，性別，年齡，照片中人物的種族以及照片中包含的其他元素的分析結果。 當您使用服務時，我們將使用照片中繼資料為您提供某些功能，包括精確的“面部識別”，“關鍵特徵識別”，“區域細分”，“內容標籤”以及其他基於這些功能的自訂功能。 當我們的應用程式處理您的照片時，我們可能會使用您的照片中繼資料為您提供更合適的濾鏡和更好的照片效果； 我們還可能利用中繼資料為您提供與上下文相關的產品或服務。
我們如何使用資訊
收集使用者資訊和個人資訊的目的，在於向您提供我們的產品和服務，並且保證我們遵守適用法律。在「我們收集哪些資訊」章節基礎上，我們將您的使用者資訊與個人資訊用於下列目的：
（一）產品服務。
提供、處理、維護、改善、開發我們的網站和/或提供給您的服務，包括客戶支援，以及透過裝置或網站提供的其他服務。
（二）統計分析。
分析和開發與我們所推出產品及服務之使用的相關統計資訊，以充分改進我們的產品和服務。
（三）建立您的美圖帳號。
在透過我們的網站或服務建立美圖帳號時，所收集的個人資訊用於建立使用者的個人美圖帳號和資料頁。
（四）方便您使用論壇。
與美拍、閃聊或其他美圖社群平台有關的個人資訊，可能用於個人資料頁面展示、與其他使用者互動、發布資訊。
（五）提供基於位置的服務。
在使用我們的服務時，我們或第三方服務供應商可能會使用位置資訊，以為您提供正確版本的服務，並且提供準確的位置，以盡可能獲得最佳的使用者體驗。
（六）改善使用者體驗。
使用者可自行選擇加入部分功能（例如使用者體驗計畫）以允許美圖分析使用者如何使用我們產品和服務的資料，進而改善使用者體驗。
（七）提供推播服務。
美圖帳號和裝置資訊可能用於提供美圖推播服務，以評估廣告表現和軟體更新或新產品發布的通知。您可以隨時透過更改「設定」項下的偏好選項來關閉此功能。
（八）驗證使用者身分。
帳號登入時以簡訊驗證，確保未經授權的人員無法登入；影片直播功能將驗證使用者身分，以符合適用法律要求。
（九）收集使用者意見回饋。
您的意見回饋對於美圖極為珍貴，有助我們改進服務。為了追蹤您的意見回饋，美圖可能會使用您所提供的個人資訊與您聯絡，並保留紀錄。
（十）其他。
儲存並維護與您相關的資訊，用於我們營運業務或履行法律義務。
資訊分享與披露
我們不會將任何個人資訊出售給第三方。除非下列情形發生時，否則我們無權向第三方共享和/或披露您的全部或部分個人資訊：
（一）為保護他人的人身或財產安全；
（二）為防止或解決網路詐欺；
（三）維護美圖公司的合法權利及權益；
（四）實現「我們收集哪些資訊」部分所述目的，前提條件為該等披露接收方應同等接受本政策約束，並可以提供資訊充分保護；
（五）根據法律、法規的規定，或遵從政府部門、司法機關的要求；通常前述要求都是為了保護網路安全和保護我們、我們的使用者和第三方的權利、財產和安全。
資訊安全保障
我們使用合理措施，以防發生資訊遺失、遭不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露等狀況。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）保護您的個人資訊。但請您理解，在網際網路行業中，即便竭盡所能加強安全措施，也不可能始終保證資訊百分之百的安全。您必須瞭解，您連接我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網路，有可能因我們可控制範圍外的因素而出現問題。
資訊存取與控制
我們將採取一切合理適當的技術手段，保證您可以存取、更新和更正自己的個人資訊，或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資訊。在存取、更新、更正和刪除前述個人資訊時，我們可能會要求您進行身分驗證，以保障您的帳號安全。
資料保留與刪除
受限於法律法規要求，我們將按照「我們如何使用資訊」章節或者為您提供服務的時間範圍內保留您的資訊（包括個人資訊）。如果您希望取消對於我們收集您的個人資訊之同意意願，或者不再同意我們披露由我們所收集之您的個人資訊，或者希望我們刪除您的個人資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。我們將會在收到您的電子郵件或者掛號信後的合理時間內處理您的要求，並且會根據您的要求，在此之後不再收集、使用或披露您的個人資訊。請注意，您取消同意或者刪除您的個人資訊後，可能會影響您使用某些我們的服務。
兒童資訊
我們無意向13周歲（或者其他您所在地區適用法律規定的年齡）以下的人群收集或要求個人資訊。如果您低於13周歲，請不要向我們傳送您的個人資訊，包括您的名字、地址、電話號碼或者電子郵件地址。如果您認為我們可能有13周歲以下兒童任何資訊時，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
您同意進行跨境傳輸
您理解並同意：(i)
        我們可將根據本政策收集的資訊（包括個人資訊）儲存於中國大陸或者其他國家的伺服器上，整個過程需要資訊的跨境傳輸；和
        (ii)
        我們可能將我們收集到之您的資訊，傳送至我們關聯控制公司，或者根據本政策的跨境第三方服務供應商。請注意，上述國家和地區可能沒有與您所在國家或地區一樣的資料保護水準，您在此同意將資訊傳送至中國大陸，並且根據本政策使用和披露關於您的資訊，包括個人資訊。如果您不同意或者您想要瞭解更多資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
適用法律
本政策，包括但不限於本政策的訂立、效力、解釋、履行和爭議解決，均應適用中華人民共和國法律（不包括香港特別行政區與澳門特別行政區法律）。我們並未表示或者保證本政策符合任何司法管轄區的隱私權法律，因此，您不應當按照該等法律來解釋本政策。
本政策更新
您同意，我們根據法律法規或者美圖商業決策相應更新本政策，您願意受修訂後政策的約束。如果涉及本政策重大變更，在必要時我們將以網站公告或者訊息推播方式做出。
如果您是加利福尼亞州居民
如果您是加利福尼亞州居民，且我們在過去一年中向該第三方披露或者共享了您的個人資訊及其目錄，我們將為您提供每年免費一次的第三方清單機會。如果您是加利福尼亞州居民並且希望獲得前述第三方清單，請標明主旨為「加利福尼亞居民隱私權」的電子郵件，傳送至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，您也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
私隱政策
更新日期：2019年6月28日
我們非常重視閣下的私隱權！
美圖公司及其關聯控制方（「美圖」、「我們」或「我們的」）致力於保護我們用戶（「用戶」或「閣下」）的私隱權。本私隱政策(「本政策」)旨在向閣下說明，在使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們如何收集、儲存、使用、管理和保護閣下的用戶資料（包括個人資料）。收集途徑主要包括：www.meitu.com、www.meipai.com和www.beautyplus.com
        (「我們的網站」)，或其他流動裝置上（如：Apple
        裝置和Android裝置）提供的美圖應用程式產品(「我們的服務」)，而提供獨立私隱政策的特定美圖應用程式產品則除外。
請注意，本政策範圍僅限於閣下使用我們的網站和我們的服務時向美圖提交或者美圖收集的用戶資料（包括個人資料）；在本政策下，「個人資料」指資料本身或美圖存取個人的其他資料聯絡後，能夠識別特定個人的資料，包括閣下的姓名、地址、電話號碼和電郵地址。
使用我們的網站和我們的服務就意味著閣下同意本政策，並同意我們根據本政策中規定的方式對閣下的用戶資料（包括閣下的個人資料）進行收集、處理、披露和分享。如果閣下不同意本政策及未來修訂版本的任何條款，請不要使用我們的網站和我們的服務。
如閣下對本政策或任何私隱權相關問題有任何疑問，請通過support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com與我們聯絡或者郵寄掛號信至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
我們收集哪些資料
為了向閣下提供我們的網站和我們的服務，我們將在法律允許的範圍內和當且僅當閣下瀏覽網站、使用某些功能或者服務時，根據本政策規定收集閣下的個人資料和用戶資料。如果閣下不提供這些資料，我們可能無法向閣下提供我們的產品或服務。
閣下提供給我們的資料
在閣下使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們可能會建議閣下註冊一個美圖帳號，以方便閣下充分利用我們的網站、我們的服務及其優勢。當閣下註冊美圖帳號時，我們會收集閣下所提供的可識別閣下身份的資料，這些資料包括閣下的帳號名稱、流動電話號碼等註冊美圖帳號時所需的資料。在閣下申請開通美拍視頻直播功能時，我們將根據法律規定要求閣下提供本人真實有效的身份資料（包括但不限於姓名、身份證號和手機號碼）以供實名認證。
裝置資料
當閣下在行動裝置上使用我們的服務時，我們收集與閣下裝置相關的資料。例如，國際移動裝置識別碼（「IMEI」）、廣告識別碼（「IDFA」與「IDFV」）、積體電路卡識別碼（「ICCID」）和媒體存取控制（「MAC」）地址、裝置型號與裝置解析度，方便我們統計使用我們產品與服務的裝置數量並進行裝置機型資料分析與圖形適配分析。
網絡資訊
當閣下在連接至網絡的狀態下使用我們的網站或我們的服務時，我們會收集閣下所使用的網絡供應商名稱與網絡類型，目的是了解用戶的網絡供應商和網絡分佈的情況，此外，我們還收集接入WiFi名稱與WiFi接入時間以了解閣下使用服務的用戶情景。
位置資訊
我們收集閣下的位置資料，如國家代碼、經緯度資料、網絡位置、IP地址和系統設定國家及時區資料。這些資料有助於我們了解用戶分佈和用戶使用場景，使我們可以為其提供正確的應用程式版本及更優質的服務。除本政策另有約定外，我們不會與任何第三方分享這些資料。如果閣下不再希望我們跟蹤或使用具體位置資料，閣下可以選擇在裝置上關閉網絡、GPS功能或者禁用我們獲取閣下網絡、GPS、裝置資料的許可權。
日誌資料
當閣下使用某些我們的服務，包括參與、生成、瀏覽與我們服務相關的內容時，我們將會自動收集美圖應用程式產品內某些相關的日誌資料，這些資料包括：(1)閣下的使用時間與使用頻率的細節；(2)裝置統計資料、關鍵操作路徑、錯誤日誌、閃退記錄、語言和時區等。這些日誌資料能夠幫助我們更好的了解和改善我們的服務，並非用於識別任何特定的個人。
圖片資訊
當閣下選擇使用我們服務中的雲端美化功能時，請閣下理解並且同意，為實現向閣下提供該項服務並作持續優化之目的，我們須將閣下的圖片上載至我們的伺服器進行處理，完成後再將處理後的圖片傳回給閣下；在此過程中，我們還將同步收到閣下圖片的EXIF資訊（根據裝置廠商的不同，Exif資訊可能包括圖片拍攝與處理時的GPS、裝置型號、感光度（ISO）、前後置鏡頭與建立時間資訊等），以供進一步優化我們的服務。
元數據
元數據通常是與用戶內容相關聯的技術資料，簡而言之，它是描述資料的資料。例如，它可以描述圖片（或同類檔案）中包含的地理位置資料及建立檔案的時間、圖片中包含的粗略人物特徵和圖片中包含的內容。當閣下在使用我們的服務時，我們將利用照片的元數據為閣下提供更精準的「人臉檢測」，「關鍵點標記」，「區域分割」，「內容標籤」以及由這些基礎功能組合而成的其他個人化功能。正常情況下，這些元數據無法用於識別任何特定的個人。這些元數據是以改進服務為目的，並非用於識別任何特定的個人。
討論區資料
部分我們的網站或者應用程式提供面向公眾的討論區。請知悉，如果閣下在這些網站或者應用程式上公開發布了資料，任何可登入到該網站的用戶都將可以閱讀到閣下的資料，並進行收集或使用。如閣下無法將自己的個人資料從社區討論區中刪除，請發送電郵至以下電郵地址以聯絡我們：support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。有時，我們可能無法刪除閣下的個人資料，在這種情況下，我們會將這一情況及其原因告知於閣下。
Cookie
只有在閣下瀏覽我們的網站時，美圖或美圖委託合作的第三方會使用cookie、標籤和腳本等技術，收集日誌檔和本機快取資料，用於分析趨勢、管理網站、追蹤用戶的網站活動並收集關於整個用戶群的人口統計資料。日誌檔資料可能包括互聯網協定
        (IP) 地址、瀏覽器類型、互聯網服務供應商
        (ISP)、引用/退出頁面、作業系統、日期/時間標記和瀏覽網頁的歷程資料。
廣告資料
我們可能在服務中放映廣告並且可能出於追蹤廣告目的收集並使用有關閣下的資料，例如閣下的裝置識別碼、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。這些資料將用於創建內部用戶編號以幫助我們更好地計數和追蹤基於語言、地理位置和其他細節的廣告。我們不會將這些資料出售給第三方。
第三方服務收集的資料
我們提供的服務可能包括屬於我們的服務供應商的第三方追蹤工具。該第三方可能會在我們提供的服務中使用cookies、APIs（應用程式介面）及SDKs（軟體開發套件），由此代表我們收集並分析用戶資料。第三方可能會存取諸如閣下的裝置識別碼、MAC（媒體存取控制）地址、IMEI（國際移動裝置識別碼）、區域（使用給定語言的特定地點）、地理位置資料及IP地址等資料，旨在於其各自私隱政策下提供服務。我們的私隱政策不會覆蓋到第三方追蹤工具的使用。我們沒有許可權訪問或控制這些第三方。如果閣下想知道更多相應第三方資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。
用戶體驗計劃收集的資料
我們可能在我們產品中發布相應的用戶體驗計劃，旨在幫助改善產品技術與服務、提升用戶體驗。閣下可選擇參與並且隨時退出。當閣下同意參與相應產品的用戶體驗計劃之後，直至閣下選擇退出該計劃之前，我們將根據相應用戶體驗計劃收集閣下的資料。這些資料是為了幫助我們更好的了解及改善我們的技術和服務，並非以識別任何特定的個人為目的。
其他資訊
我們還可能收集其他各類與個人沒有關聯的資料。例如，作業系統類型與版本以了解系統升級情況、系統語言以用於語言適配、應用清單以了解用戶的興趣偏好等。收集此類資料的目的在於改善我們向閣下提供的服務。此外，我們的服務可能會利用蘋果的
        ARKit 和 TrueDepth
        應用程式介面中人臉映射深度相關資訊運算結果，以達到更好的人臉影像處理效果；在此期間，我們既不會將該等運算結果用於其他目的，也不會以記錄為目的，或以其他方式蒐集您的臉部映射深度為目的，擷取檔案中的任何資料或上傳資料到伺服器。
我們如何使用資料
收集用戶資料和個人資料的目的在於向閣下提供我們的產品和服務，並且保證我們遵守適用法律。在「我們收集哪些資料」章節的基礎上，我們將閣下的用戶資料與個人資料用於下列目的：
（一）
產品服務
。提供、處理、維護、改善、開發我們的網站和/或提供給閣下的我們的服務，包括客戶支援，以及通過裝置或網站提供的其他服務。
（二）
統計分析
。分析和開發與我們產品及我們的服務的使用相關的統計資料，以更好地改進我們的產品和服務。
（三）
創建閣下的美圖帳號
。在通過我們的網站或我們的服務建立美圖帳號時所收集的個人資料將用於建立用戶的個人美圖帳號和資料頁面。
（四）
方便閣下使用討論區
。與美拍、閃聊或其他美圖社區平台有關的個人資料可能被用於個人資料頁面展示、與其他用戶互動、發布資料。
（五）
提供基於位置的服務
。在使用我們的服務時，我們或第三方服務供應商可能會使用位置資料以為閣下提供正確版本的服務，並且提供準確的位置，以獲得最佳的用戶體驗。
（六）
改善用戶體驗
。某些選擇性加入功能，例如用戶體驗計劃，允許美圖分析用戶如何使用我們產品和服務的資料，以改善用戶體驗。
（七）
提供推送服務
。美圖帳號和裝置資料可能用於提供美圖推送服務，以評估廣告表現和軟體更新或新產品發布的通知。閣下可以隨時通過更改「設定」項下的偏好選項來關閉此功能。
（八）
驗證用戶身份
。登入帳號時短訊驗證，確保未經授權的人員無法登入；視頻直播功能驗證用戶身份，以符合適用法律要求。
（九）
收集用戶意見
。閣下的意見對協助美圖改進服務而言極為珍貴。為了跟進閣下的意見，美圖可能會使用閣下所提供的個人資料與閣下聯絡，並保留記錄。
（十）
其他
。儲存並維護與閣下相關的資料，用於我們營運業務或履行法律義務。
資料分享與披露
我們不會將任何個人資料出售給第三方。除非發生下列情形，否則我們無權向第三方共用和/或披露閣下的全部或部分個人資料：
（一） 為保護他人的人身或財產安全；
（二） 為防止或解決網絡欺詐；
（三） 維護美圖公司的合法權利及權益；
（四）
          實現「我們收集哪些資料」部分所述目的，前提條件為該等披露接收方應同等接受本政策約束並可以提供資料充分保護；
（五）
          根據法律、法規的規定，或遵從政府部門、司法機關的要求；通常前述要求都是為了保護網絡安全和保護我們、我們的用戶和第三方的權利、財產和安全。
資料安全保障
我們使用合理措施，以防資料的丟失、不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）來保護閣下的個人資料。但請閣下理解（在互聯網行業）即便竭盡所能加強安全措施，也不可能始終保證資料百分之百安全。閣下需要了解，閣下連接至我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網絡，有可能因我們可控範圍外的因素而出現問題。
資料存取與控制
我們將採取一切合理適當的技術手段，保證閣下可以存取、更新和更正自己的個人資料或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資料。在存取、更新、更正和刪除前述個人資料時，我們可能會要求閣下進行身份驗證，以保障閣下的帳號安全。
數據保留與刪除
受限於法律法規要求，我們將按照「我們如何使用資料」章節或者為閣下提供服務的時間範圍內保留閣下的資料（包括個人資料）。如果閣下希望撤銷同意收集、使用、披露我們收集的閣下的個人資料或者希望我們刪除閣下的個人資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。我們將在收到閣下的電郵或者掛號信後的合理時間內處理閣下的請求，並且會根據閣下的請求，在此之後不再收集、使用、披露閣下的個人資料。請注意，閣下撤銷同意或者刪除閣下的個人資料後，可能會影響閣下使用我們的某些服務。
兒童資料
我們無意向13周歲（或者其他閣下所在地區適用法律規定的年齡）以下的人群收集或請求個人資料。如果閣下低於13周歲，請不要向我們發送閣下的個人資料，包括閣下的名字、地址、電話號碼或者電郵地址。如果閣下認為我們可能有13周歲以下兒童的任何資料時，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
閣下同意進行跨境傳輸
閣下理解並同意:(i)我們可將根據本政策收集的資料（包括個人資料）儲存於中國大陸或者其他國家的伺服器上，整個過程需要資料的跨境傳輸；和(ii)
        我們可能將我們收集到的閣下的資料傳送至我們關聯控制公司或者根據本政策的跨境第三方服務供應商。請注意上述國家和地區可能沒有與閣下所在國家或地區一樣的資料保護水平，閣下同意將資料傳送至中國大陸並且根據本政策使用和披露關於閣下的資料，包括個人資料。如果閣下不同意或者閣下想要了解更多資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，閣下也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
適用法律
本政策，包括但不限於本政策的訂立、效力、解釋、履行和爭議解決，均應適用中華人民共和國法律（不包括香港特別行政區與澳門特別行政區法律）。我們並未表示或者保證本政策符合任何司法管轄區的私隱權法律，因此，閣下不應當按照該等法律來解釋本政策。
本政策更新
閣下同意，我們根據法律法規或者美圖商業決策相應更新本政策，閣下願意受修訂後政策的約束。如果涉及本政策重大變更，在必要時我們將以於網站公告或者推送相關資料。
如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民
如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民，而我們在過去一年中向該第三方披露或者共用了閣下的個人資料及其目錄，我們將於每年為閣下免費提供一次第三方清單機會。如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民並且希望獲得上述第三方清單，請發送主旨為「加利福尼亞州居民私隱權」的電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，閣下也可以郵寄掛號信至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
Sub-policy 4
https://pro.meitu.com/meiyan/agreements/privacy_policy_history/privacy_policy-2022-12-22.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 22 December 2022
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains. Such personal information may
        include your name, gender, phone number, email address, date of birth,
        images, geo-location, personal identity number and identifiable
        biological information.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via
[compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchased content or signed
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation
        results of ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping
        information, which may require to use your facial recognition features
        in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature
        analysis using the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
[compliance@meitu.com] (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[compliance@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide our
        Services.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) provides California
        residents with the right to know what categories of personal information
        we have collected about them:
Category of Personal Information
Collected by us?
Identifiers
Yes
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e)
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
                federal law
Yes
Commercial information
Yes
Biometric information
Yes
Internet activity or electronic network activity information
Yes
Geolocation data
Yes
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
                information
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
No
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational
                Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
                99))
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a
                profile
Yes
The CCPA also provides California residents with the right to opt out of
        the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, a “sale” is
        broadly defined as making available personal information to a
        third-party for valuable consideration. It does not necessarily mean
        money was exchanged for the transfer of personal information.
For purposes of the CCPA, a “sale” may include using targeted
        advertising services to deliver targeted advertising on our Services or
        other sites. Like most mobile applications, we use these services, which
        enable us to provide our Services and relevant offers to you. As a
        result, we may “sell” the following categories of personal information:
        identifiers (e.g., advertising IDs); internet activity; geolocation
        data; and inferences drawn to create a profile.
We do not sell personal information of California residents.
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free
        of charge with an opportunity to obtain a list of third parties to which
        we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information
        for their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are
        a resident of California and wish to obtain this list, you may send an
        email with the subject “BeautyCam - The right to privacy of a California
        resident” to compliance@meitu.com or send a registered mail to Unit
        8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West,
        Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF NEVADA
We do not sell personal information of Nevada residents.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and
          processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside
        of South Korea, we will be unable to provide you with our products or
        Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
개인 정보 보호 정책
최종 수정일: 2022년 12월 22일
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다.
Meitu (China) Limited (
“당사”
,
“당사를”
또는
“당사의”
)는 사용자(
“사용자”
또는
“귀하”
)의 개인 정보를 보호하고자 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호 정책(이
"정책"
)은 당사가 해당 데이터 보호법에 따라 컨트롤러 및/또는 비즈니스로서 모든 기능을 포함하여 BeautyCam 애플리케이션을 사용하는 동안 귀하의 사용자 정보(귀하의 개인 정보 포함)를 수집, 저장, 사용, 관리 및 보호하는 방법에 관한 당사의 관행을 설명하기 위한 것입니다(당사
"서비스"
).
본 정책의 범위는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사가 수집하거나 수신한 귀하의 사용자 정보(개인 정보 포함)로만 제한된다는 점에 유의하시기 바랍니다. 이 정책에서
"개인 정보"
는 수집된 정보와 관련된 개인을 식별, 연락 또는 위치 확인에 사용할 수 있는 모든 정보 또는 정보 조합을 의미합니다. 이러한 개인 정보에는 귀하의 이름, 성별, 전화번호, 이메일 주소, 생년월일, 이미지, 지리적 위치, 개인 식별 번호 및 식별 가능한 생물학적 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 이 정책과 이 정책에 제공된 방식으로 개인 정보를 포함한 사용자 정보의 수집, 사용, 처리, 보유, 공개 및 공유함에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 정책의 조건 또는 이 정책에 대한 후속 변경 사항에 동의하지 않는 경우 당사 서비스 사용을 재고해 주시기 바랍니다.
특정 범주의 데이터를 제공은 필수 사항입니다(수집 시 지정된 대로). 필수 표시된 데이터를 충분히 제공하지 않는 경우 등록 절차를 완료하거나 서비스를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다. 또한, 본 정책에서 용어를 정의하지 않는 한, 본 정책에서 사용된 모든 대문자 용어는 서비스 약관에서와 동일한 의미를 가집니다. 따라서 서비스 약관을 읽고 이해했는지 확인하세요.
본 정책 또는 개인 정보 보호 관련 문제에 대해 질문이 있는 경우 이메일
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)
또는 등기 우편(Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong < 주의: Meitu 법률 부서 >)을 통해 데이터 보호 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다. 개인 정보 또는 지적 재산권 침해와 관련되지 않은 기타 모든 문의, 피드백, 제안 및/또는 불만 사항(구독 취소, 지불 분쟁, 환불 요청 및 BeautyCam의 기술 지원을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)에 대해서는
[compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 통해 당사에 연락해야 합니다. (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)].
귀하의 이메일이 잘못된 주제와 관련하여 잘못된 이메일 주소로 전송될 시 해당 요청이 제대로 처리되지 못하거나 지연될 수 있습니다.
수집하는 정보
당사 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 당사는 본 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보를 수집하고 처리합니다. 귀하가 이 정보를 제공하지 않으면 Meitu는 귀하에게 제품이나 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다. 귀하는 당사에 제출된 모든 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보가 완전하고 정확하며 진실되고 올바른지 확인해야 합니다. 귀하가 그렇게 하지 않으면 당사가 귀하에게 당사 서비스의 전부 또는 일부를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다.
계정 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 서비스 및 모든 해당 기능을 최대한 활용하기 위해 당사 계정에 가입하는 것이 좋습니다. 귀하가 계정을 만들 때 당사는 다음 정보를 수집하고 이는 귀하를 식별하거나 귀하에게 서비스를 제공하는 데 이용될 수 있습니다.
필수 : 휴대전화번호, 기기ID
선택 사항: 이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일 및 위치
누구나 당사 서비스에 액세스할 수 있지만 특정 서비스("가입 서비스")는 가입비가 필요한 경우가 있습니다(예:프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스, 광고 권한 누리기 등). 구독 서비스에서 구매하기로 선택한 경우 장치 ID와 같은 특정 개인 식별 정보를 수집합니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서는 거래 및 갱신을 처리할 목적으로 귀하의 금융 정보 및 청구 주소를 수신, 액세스 또는 사용할 수 있습니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서를 통해 콘텐츠를 구입했거나 구독 서비스에 가입한 경우 모든 구매에 대해 어떻게 개인 금융 정보를 유지하고 사용하는 지 이에 대한 정보는 해당 제3자의 약관을 참조해야 합니다. 당사는 의심의 여지를 없애기 위해 귀하로부터 어떠한 금융 정보도 수집하지 않습니다.
모바일 장치 정보
모바일 장치에서 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 국제 모바일 장비 ID(“IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자(“UDID”) 또는 Android ID, 범용 고유 식별자(“GUUID”), 광고 식별자(“IDFA”) 및 공급업체 식별자(“IDFV”)를 포함하여 집적 회로 카드 식별자(“ICCID”), 미디어 액세스 제어(“MAC”) 사용하는 장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치 및 해상도에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록를 수집하며 이는 당사의 서비스 및 그래픽 적응을 최적화하기 위해 당사의 기술적 기능, 서버 로드 밸런싱, 귀하의 모바일 장치와 관련된 기술 데이터 분석을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 통계 및/또는 분석상의 이유로 사용됩니다.
아래 "위치 정보" 섹션에 명시된 바와 같이 귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. 나중에 위치 정보 공유를 중단하려면 모바일 장치에서 관련 설정을 편집하여 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석
당사는 당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선할 수 있도록 모바일 분석 소프트웨어를 사용합니다. 이러한 소프트웨어는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치와 같은 정보를 기록할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사용자가 사용하는 통신사 및 네트워크의 분포를 이해하기 위해 통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형을 포함하여 귀하가 사용하는 네트워크에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. 또한 귀하가 선호하는 당사 서비스 이용 환경을 파악하기 위해 귀하가 연결하는 WiFi 네트워크의 이름, WiFi 네트워크의 위치, WiFi 연결 시간 등의 정보를 수집합니다.
위치 정보
귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
필수: 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대
선택 사항: 국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
이 정보는 사용자 분포 및 사용 시나리오를 이해하는 데 도움이 되며 사용자에게 올바른 버전의 앱, 지리적 위치의 재현 또는 사진을 찍거나 모든 동영상을 촬영하는 실시간 지리적 위치 게시를 제공할 수 있고 서비스를 개선합니다. 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않는 한 위치 데이터는 귀하를 개별적으로 식별하기 위해 획득되거나 사용되지 않습니다. 이 방침에서 별도로 명시된 경우를 제외하고, 당사는 이 위치 정보를 제3자와 공유하지 않습니다. 더 이상 당사가 그러한 정보를 수집하거나 사용하는 것을 원하지 않는 경우, 귀하는 인터넷 접속 또는 GPS를 끄거나 귀하의 네트워크, GPS 및 기기 정보에 대한 접근을 비활성화하면 됩니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용한 결과로 당사는 귀하의 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대와 같은 일부 위치 정보를 계속 수신할 수 있습니다.
로그 정보
귀하가 특정 콘텐츠 생성 및 브라우징을 포함하여 일부 서비스를 사용할 때 BeautyCam에 저장된 특정 관련 로그 정보("로그 정보")를 자동으로 수집합니다. 로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와 빈도에 대한 세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를 포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다. 본 로그 정보는 서비스를 개선하는 데 사용되며 사용자를 개별적으로 식별하는 데 사용되지 않습니다.
이미지 정보
당사 서비스의 클라우드 편집 기능을 사용하기로 선택함으로써 귀하는 귀하에게 그러한 서비스를 제공하고 지속적인 최적화를 위해 처리한 후에 처리된 사진을 귀하에게 반환하고자 귀하의 사진을 서버에 업로드해야 하고 또한 귀하의 장비에 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공하는 등 서비스를 더욱 최적화하기 위해 귀하의 사진에 대한 EXIF 데이터(EXIF 데이터에는 장비 제조사에 따라 사진을 촬영하고 처리한 GPS 좌표, 장비 종류, ISO, 전후방 카메라 정보, 생성 시간 등이 포함될 수 있음)를 수신함을 이해하고 동의합니다.
음성 안내
BeautyCam에서 마이크를 활성화함으로써 귀하는 비디오 편집을 위해 음성 데이터(예: 오디오 클립 또는 음성 녹음)를 수집할 수 있다는 데 동의하게 됩니다. 귀하의 음성 정보를 광고 목적으로 사용하지 않습니다. 장치의 운영 체제 설정을 사용하거나 장치의 마이크를 음소거하여 언제든지 장치의 마이크에 대한 BeautyCam의 액세스를 끌 수 있습니다.
메타데이터
메타데이터는 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련된 기술 데이터를 가리킵니다. 즉, 메타데이터는 데이터를 설명하는 데이터입니다. 예를 들어, 메타데이터는 컴퓨터 알고리즘과 인공 지능에 의해 생성되고 태깅된 사진 속 인물의 얼굴 특징, 성별, 연령, 인종 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에 대한 분석 결과를 설명할 수 있습니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 정확한 "얼굴 인식", "주요 지점 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 및 이러한 기본 기능의 조합을 기반으로 하는 기타 사용자 정의 기능을 포함한 특정 기능을 제공합니다. 당사는 당사 앱이 귀하의 사진을 처리할 때 귀하의 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 더 적합한 필터와 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공할 수 있습니다. 당사는 또한 메타데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 더 맥락상으로 관련된 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 특징 정보
특정 서비스를 제공하기 위해 위에서 언급한 메타데이터를 활용하는 것과 별도로 귀하의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)를 수집하고 얼굴 인식 기술을 사용하여 사진 및 카메라 경험에서 얼굴을 인식할 수 있습니다. 얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능을 제공하기 위해 얼굴 마크를 감지하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 당사 서비스는 얼굴 매핑 정보의 깊이와 관련하여 Apple의 ARKit 계산 결과를 활용할 수 있으며, 얼굴 이미지 처리 효과를 보장하고 알고리즘을 사용하여 특징 분석을 수행하기 위해 얼굴 인식 기능을 사용해야 할 수 있습니다. 당사가 수집한 정보는 특정 개인을 식별하는 데 사용할 수 없으며, 언급된 기능을 제공하기 위한 용도로만 사용됩니다. 콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시 얼굴 매핑 정보는 파기됩니다. 이 정보는 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다.
당사는 다른 목적으로 결과를 사용하거나 파일의 데이터를 캡처하거나 기록 목적으로 서버에 데이터를 업로드하지 않습니다.
쿠키
당사는 이용자 개개인에게 맞춤화된 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 이용자의 이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 '쿠키(cookie)'를 사용합니다. 쿠키란 앱/웹 사이트를 운영하는데 이용되는 서버가 이용자의 기기에 보내는 소량의 정보이며 이용자 기기 내의 하드디스크에도 저장됩니다. 귀하는 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다. 수집된 정보에는 귀하의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 공급자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
쿠키의 사용목적 : 쿠키는 이용자가 방문한 각 서비스 및 웹사이트에 대한 방문 및 이용형태, 인기 검색어, 보안접속 여부 등을 파악하여 이용자에게 최적화된 정보 제공을 위해 사용됩니다.
쿠키의 설치, 운영 및 거부: 사용자는
[compliance@meitu.com] (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)으로 이메일을 보내 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다.
이용자가 쿠키의 저장을 거부할 경우 맞춤형 서비스 이용에 어려움이 있을 수 있습니다.
광고 관련 정보
당사 및 당사의 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 당사 서비스 내에 광고를 포함할 수 있으며 귀하의 동의 하에 이러한 광고를 전달하고 추적할 목적으로 귀하의 광고 ID, 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소와 같은 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 장치에 광고 ID가 없는 경우 다른 영구 식별자를 사용할 수 있습니다. 또한 당사는 귀하의 앱목록에 액세스하고 귀하의 장기에 설치된 애플리케이션의 애플리케이션 패키지 이름을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 위의 정보를 사용하여 적합성, 언어, 지리적 위치 및 기타 세부 정보를 기반으로 광고를 더 잘 계산, 추적 및 제공할 수 있습니다. 관심 기반 광고를 거부하려면
[compliance@meitu.com]으로 이메일을 보내 거부할 수 있습니다.
관심 기반 광고를 선택 해제한 후에도 일반 광고는 계속 수신됩니다.
제3자 서비스가 수집하는 정보
귀하에게 제공되는 당사의 서비스에는 당사 서비스 제공자의 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스(API) 또는 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)가 포함될 수 있으며 이는 해당 서비스 제공자의 추적 도구가 있을 수 있습니다. 이러한 제3자는 당사 서비스에서 쿠키, API 및 SDK를 사용하고 사용자 정보를 수집 및 분석할 수 있습니다. 또한 일부 제3자 SDK는 귀하와 더 관련 있는 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해 광고주가 정보를 수집하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 제3자는 각자의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 장치 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치 정보 및 IP 주소와 같은 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 그러한 제3자에 대한 자세한 정보는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"이라고 인용하십시오)으로 이메일을 보내실 수 있습니다.
기타 정보
당사는 또한 귀하의 신원과 관련이 없는 기타 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 예를 들어, 당사는 시스템 업그레이드를 더 잘 파악하기 위해 귀하의 운영 체제 유형 및 버전 번호에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있고, 언어 적응을 위해 귀하의 시스템 언어에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있으며, 사용자 기본 설정을 파악하기 위해 귀하의 앱 목록을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사가 그러한 정보 수집을 하기로 선택한다면 귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 향상시킬 목적으로 수집하게 됩니다.
정보 사용 방법
위에 나열된 용도 외에도 다음 목적을 위해 사용자 정보 및 개인 정보를 수집하고 사용합니다.
(i)
서비스.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
(ii)
통계 분석.
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 제품 및 서비스 사용 통계를 개발 및 분석.
(iii)
계정 생성하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하여 계정을 생성할 때 수집하는 개인 정보는 귀하의 계정 및 프로필을 생성하는 데 사용됩니다.
(iv)
위치 기반 서비스를 제공하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 또는 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 귀하에게 광고, 올바른 서비스 버전을 제공하고 귀하가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻도록 돕기 위해 귀하의 위치 정보를 이용할 수 있습니다.
(v)
사용자 경험을 향상시키기.
사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 특정 옵션 기능을 통해 Meitu는 당사 제품 및 서비스 사용과 관련된 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을 향상시킬 수 있습니다.
(vi)
푸시 서비스를 제공하기.
당사는 장치 정보를 사용하여 광고 성능 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공을 평가하기 위해 푸시 서비스를 제공하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림을 제공할 수 있습니다.
(vii)
귀하의 신원 확인하기.
귀하가 계정에 로그인할 때 문자 메시지를 사용하여 귀하의 신원을 확인하면 귀하의 계정에 대한 무단 로그인을 방지할 수 있습니다.
(viii)
귀하로부터 피드백 수집.
귀하의 의견은 Meitu가 서비스를 개선하는 데 큰 도움이 됩니다. 귀하의 피드백을 추적하기 위해 Meitu는 귀하가 제공한 개인 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 연락하고 기록을 보관할 수 있습니다.
(ix)
기타 목적.
(ix)당사는 "당사가 수집하는 정보"에 따른 목적과 작업 운영, 정당한 이익 추구 및 법적 의무 충족을 위해 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집, 저장, 유지 및 사용할 것입니다(예: 연구(마케팅 조사 포함), 네트워크 및 정보 보안, 및 사기 방지).
정보 공유 및 공개
당사는 당사의 사업 활동을 돕기 위해 당사를 대신하여 서비스를 제공하는 제3자와 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스에는 다음이 포함될 수 있습니다:
(i)   주문 이행 및 패키지 배송;
(ii)  귀하에게 광고 제공;
(iii) 결제 처리;
(iv)  고객 서비스 제공;
(v)   구독 서비스 실행;
(vi)  연구 및 분석 수행; 및
(vii) 클라우드 컴퓨팅 인프라를 제공합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적을 제외하고 귀하의 개인 정보 전체 또는 일부를 제3자(당사의 서비스 제공업체 제외)와 공유하거나 공개하지 않습니다:
(i)   다른 사람이나 재산의 보안을 보호;
(ii)  사기 방지 또는 처리;
(iii) 당사의 정당한 권리와 이익을 보호;
(iv)  "당사가 수집하는 정보" 또는 "당사가 정보를 사용하는 방법" 섹션에 설명된 목적에 따라 조치 취함;
(v)  일반적으로 인터넷 보안과 당사, 당사 사용자 및 제3자의 권리, 재산 및 안전을 유지하기 위해 고안된 법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국, 법 집행 기관 또는 민간 단체의 요청을 준수; 및/또는
(vi)  합병, 인수, 자금조달 실사, 개편, 파산, 관리, 회사 자산 매각 또는 귀하의 정보가 매각 또는 이전될 수 있는 기타 사건에 관련된 거래를 평가하거나 완료합니다.
귀하의 정보 사용을 위한 근거
당사는 합법적인 근거가 있고 일반적으로 다음 4가지 법적 근거 중 하나에 의존하는 경우에만 개인 데이터를 수집하고 처리합니다
(i)동의(귀하가 동의한 경우);
(ii)계약(예: 사이트 운영 또는 귀하가 요청한 서비스 제공과 같이 귀하와의 계약 이행을 위해 처리가 필요한 경우);
(iii)정당한 이익(예: 귀하의 계정 보호, 고객 지원 제공을 포함하여 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 귀하의 정보를 사용해야 함). 당사는 그러한 이익이 귀하에 대한 영향에 의해 무시되지 않는 경우에만 우리의 정당한 이익을 법적 근거로 삼습니다(당사가 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않았거나 당사의 처리가 법에 의해 달리 요구되거나 허용되지 않는 한); 및
(iv)법적 의무(법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국 또는 법집행 기관의 요청을 준수하기 위해).
당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법을 대상으로 법적 근거에 관한 질문이 있는 경우
compliance@meitu.com 으로 문의주시기 바랍니다(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요).
제3자 웹사이트 및 서비스
당사 서비스에는 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스에 대한 링크가 포함될 수 있습니다. 또한 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스는 당사 서비스를 참조하거나 링크할 수 있습니다. 이러한 다른 도메인 및 웹사이트는 당사가 관리하지 않으며 당사는 제3자 웹사이트 또는 서비스에 대해 보증하거나 진술하지 않습니다. 당사는 상호작용하는 모든 웹사이트 및 서비스의 개인정보 보호정책을 사용자가 읽도록 권장합니다. 이러한 다른 웹사이트나 서비스를 방문하는 것은 귀하의 책임입니다.
정보 보안
당사는 정보의 유실, 부적절한 사용, 무단 접근 또는 공개를 방지하기 위해 합당한 조치를 취합니다. 예를 들어 당사 서비스 중 일부는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 암호화 기술(예: SSL)을 사용합니다. 그러나 (인터넷 업계에서) 합리적인 보안 조치를 취하더라도 귀하의 정보가 100% 안전하다고 항상 보장할 수는 없음을 귀하는 이해하고 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 당사에 제공한 정보의 보안을 보장하거나 보증할 수 없음을 이해하고 동의합니다. 당사는 의도하지 않은 공개에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 또한 귀하는 당사 서비스에 액세스하기 위해 귀하가 사용하는 시스템 및 통신 네트워크가 당사가 통제할 수 없는 요인으로 인해 실패할 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
정보 액세스 및 제어
당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하가 당사에 제공한 귀하의 개인 정보 또는 기타 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트 및 수정할 수 있도록 모든 합리적이고 적절한 기술적 조치를 취할 것입니다. 이러한 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트, 수정 또는 제거하기 전에 당사는 계정의 보안을 보호하기 위해 귀하의 신원을 확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다.
프라이버시 권리
준거법에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다: (i) 당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하고 있는지 확인을 요청; (ii) 귀하의 개인 정보에 대한 액세스 또는 사본을 획득; (iii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인 정보의 전자 사본을 받거나 해당 정보를 다른 회사로 보내도록 당사에 요청(데이터 이동에 대한 권리); (iv) 귀하의 개인 정보 사용에 반대하거나 제한; (v) 부정확하거나 사실이 아니거나 불완전하거나 부적절하게 처리된 개인 정보의 수정 또는 수정을 추구; (vi) 귀하의 동의를 철회; (vii) 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 당사가 귀하에 대해 보유한 개인 정보 삭제를 요청.
귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com 으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 이메일 또는 우편을 받고 나서 합리적인 기간 내에 준거법에 따라 귀하의 요청을 처리할 것이며, 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 중단할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 요청을 이행하기 전에 귀하의 신원을 확인하는 조치를 취할 것입니다. 귀하가 동의를 철회하거나 귀하의 개인 정보를 삭제하는 경우 당사 서비스의 일부 사용에 영향을 미칠 수 있음을 유의해 주시기 바랍니다.
캘리포니아 거주자는 캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법에 의해 부여된 권리 행사 시에 당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
아동에 대한 정보
당사는 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 기타 연령)의 아동으로부터 고의로 개인 정보를 수집하거나 요청하지 않습니다. 귀하가 만약 16세 미만인 경우 이름, 주소, 전화번호 또는 이메일 주소를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 개인 정보를 당사에 보내지 않도록 합니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만 아동에 대한 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 등기 우편을 보낼 수 있습니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 다른 연령)의 어린이로부터 개인 정보를 수집한 사실을 알게 되시면 즉시 해당 정보를 삭제하고 관련 계정을 종료하는 조치를 취하도록 하겠습니다.
국경 간 데이터 전송
귀하는 당사를 통해 또는 당사에 의해 수집된 모든 정보가 싱가포르, 중화인민공화국, 미국, 유럽 연합, 클라우드, 당사 서버, 당사 계열사의 서버 또는 당사 서비스 제공업체의 서버를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 전 세계 어디에서나 당사 서비스 제공을 위해 전송, 처리 및 저장될 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
캘리포니아 거주자인 경우
캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법(“CCPA”)은 캘리포니아 거주자에게 당사가 수집한 개인 정보의 범주에 대해 알 권리를 제공합니다.
개인정보의 범주
당사가 수집?
식별자
네
캘리포니아의 개인 정보 범주 리스트 소비자 기록 법령(Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
네
캘리포니아 또는 연방법에 따른 보호 등급의 특성
네
상업 정보
네
생체 정보
네
인터넷 활동 또는 전자 네트워크 활동 정보
네
지리적 위치 데이터
네
오디오, 전자, 시각, 열, 후각 또는 이와 유사한 정보
네
전문직 또는 고용 관련 정보
아니오
비공개 교육 정보 (가족 교육 권리 및 개인 정보 보호법 (20 USC Section 1232g, 34 CFR Part 99)에 따름)
아니오
다른 개인 정보에서 추론하여 프로필 작성
네
CCPA는 또한 캘리포니아 거주자에게 개인 정보 "판매"를 거부할 수 있는 권리를 제공합니다. CCPA에 따르면 "판매"란 가치가 있는 고려 대상으로서 제3자에게 개인 정보를 제공하는 것으로 광범위하게 정의됩니다. 이는 반드시 개인정보 양도와 금전을 교환한 것을 의미하는 것은 아닙니다.
CCPA의 목적상 "판매"에는 당사 서비스 또는 기타 사이트에 대상 광고를 제공하기 위해 대상 광고 서비스를 사용하는 것이 포함될 수 있습니다. 대부분의 모바일 애플리케이션과 마찬가지로 당사는 이러한 서비스를 사용하여 귀하에게 서비스 및 관련 혜택을 제공할 수 있습니다. 결과적으로 Meitu는 다음 범주의 개인 정보를 "판매"할 수 있습니다: 식별자(예: 광고 ID) 인터넷 활동; 지리적 위치 데이터 프로필을 생성하기 위해 도출된 추론 사항.
당사는 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자인 경우, 당사는 매년 귀하에게 전년도 동안 직접 마케팅을 목적으로 귀하의 개인 정보를 공개했거나 공유한 제3자 목록을 획득할 수 있는 기회를 무료로 제공할 것입니다. 귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자이고 본 목록을 받고자 하는 경우 "BeautyCam 앱 - 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보 보호 권리"라는 제목의 이메일을
compliance@meitu.com
으로 보내시거나 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 등기 우편을 보내주시기 바랍니다.
네바다 거주자인 경우
당사는 네바다 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
준거법
본 정책은 법률 조항의 충돌에 관계없이 중화인민공화국 홍콩특별행정구 법률에 따라 수립되고 발효되며 시행 및 해석됩니다. 이에 따라 발생하는 모든 분쟁은 서비스 약관에 따라 해결됩니다. 당사는 이 정책이 특정 관할권의 개인 정보 보호법을 준수함을 진술하거나 보증하지 않습니다. 따라서 귀하는 그러한 법률에 따라 이 정책을 해석해서는 안 됩니다.
본 정책의 개정
귀하는 관련 법규 및 당사의 비즈니스 결정에 따라 당사가 본 정책을 업데이트할 수 있다는 데 동의하며 귀하는 그러한 개정 사항을 따를 것에 동의합니다. 당사는 본 정책에 대한 중요한 변경 사항을 BeautyCam에 게시하거나 법에서 요구하는 다른 방법으로 귀하에게 통지할 것입니다.
일본 사용자의 경우
데이터 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 정지에 대한 권리
귀하가 일본에 있는 경우 데이터 주체로서 귀하는 개인 데이터의 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 중지를 요청할 권리가 있으며 당사는 과도 지체 없이 귀하의 요청에 응할 의무가 있습니다. 귀하는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)으로
이메일을 보내시거나 또는 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다.
한국 사용자의 경우
국제 데이터 전송
당사는 이용자의 개인정보를 '정보이용방법'에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며, 원칙적으로 이용자의 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 그러나 귀하의 동의가 있는 경우 귀하에게 정보 공유 및 공개에 설명된 당사 서비스를 제공하기 위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 수집, 전송 및 다른 곳에서 저장 및 처리할 수 있습니다.
전송된 개인 정보: 위의 본 정책의 "당사가 수집하는 정보" 섹션을 참조합니다
전송 날짜 및 방법: 보관 및 처리를 위해 제출 시 전송
개인정보가 전송되는 국가: 중화인민공화국
개인 정보 보유: 위의 본 정책의 "데이터 보유" 섹션을 참조합니다
또한, 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 대한민국 외부에 위치해 있는 다음 제3자에게 전송할 수 있습니다:
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
해당 제3자 플랫폼의 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기간 동안
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
귀하의 거주지 외부에서 정보를 공유할 때마다 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가 적절하게 보호되도록 정보 전송이 귀하의 현지 법률을 준수하도록 확인합니다.
귀하의 개인 정보가 한국 외부로 전송되는 것을 원하지 않는 경우 당사는 귀하에게 당사 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다.
또한 당사는 다음과 같은 제3자로부터 귀하의 개인 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
당사 계정이 종료될 때까지
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 다음의 절차와 방법에 따라 파기합니다.
1.파기절차 : 당사는 파기대상 개인정보를 선정하고 정보보호책임자의 승인을 받아 파기합니다.
2.파기방법 : 전자적으로 저장, 파일된 개인정보는 기록 재생이 불가능한 수단을 사용을 통해 삭제가 가능한 방식을 취해 파기합니다.
개인정보 보호 및 불만처리 담당부서
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com  (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)
개인정보처리방침 개정 내역
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.08]
사용자 동의서
1. 나는 아래 내용에 동의합니다.
2. 나는 14세 이상입니다. (필수)
3. 나는 이용 약관에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
4. 나는 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
5. 나는 특정 선택 기능에 대해 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다 (선택)
「지금 보기」
6. 나는 나의 민감정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
7. 나는 마케팅 목적으로 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
8. 나는 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전에 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
9. 나는 제3자로의 개인정보 해외 이전에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
1. 개인정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 (개인정보보호정책에 정의된) 제품 및 서비스 사용에 관한 통계 개발 및 분석
국제 이동 단말기 식별 번호 (이하 “IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자 (이하 “UDID”) 또는 안드로이드 ID, 범용 고유 식별자 (이하 “GUUID”), 광고 식별자 (이하 “IDFA”) 및 벤더 식별자 (이하 “IDFV”), 집적 회로 카드 식별자 (이하 “ICCID”), 매체 접근 제어(이하 “MAC”) 주소, 사용자 기기 유형, 운영체제 버전, 기기에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
모바일 분석: 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치
네트워크 정보: 운영자 이름, 네트워크 유형, 연결된 와이파이 네트워크 이름, 와이파이 네트워크 위치, 와이파이 연결 시간 등 사용 중인 네트워크에 대한 정보
로그 정보: 당사 서비스 사용 시점 및 빈도에 관한 상세 정보, 주요 운영 경로, 에러, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대 등을 포함하는 기기 통계
기타 정보: 사용자 운영체제 유형 및 버전 번호, 시스템 언어 및 애플리케이션 목록에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam에서 제공하는 서비스(서비스 약관에 정의됨)를 이용할 수 없습니다.
2.특정 선택 기능에 대한 개인정보 수집 및 이용
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
계정의 생성
이동전화번호, 기기 ID, 
                이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일, 위치
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스의 제공
네트워크 정보, IP 주소, 시스템 시간대, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
사용자 경험을 개선하기 위한 특정 선택 기능 사용(클라우드 편집 기능, "얼굴 인식", "키포인트 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 기능)
이미지 정보: EXIF 데이터
메타데이터: 사진 메타데이터
쿠키 사용: 사용자의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 제공자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영체제, 일시 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
3.민감정보의 수집 및 이용(선택)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
동영상 편집
음성 정보: 마이크 활성화 시 음성 데이터
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능 제공
얼굴 특징 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.   민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
4.(마케팅 목적의) 개인정보 수집 및 이용과 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
마케팅 및 광고
광고 ID, 지리상 위치, IP 주소, 애플리케이션 목록, 사용자 기기에 설치된 애플리케이션 패키지 이름
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam가 제공하는 일부 서비스(예: 맞춤형 광고)에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다(수집 및 이용 거부 시에도 BeautyCam 이용은 가능합니다).
5.제3자로의 개인정보 이전(필수)
정보 수신자의 신원 및 수신자 내 개인정보 담당자 연락처
수신자의 위치
수신자의 개인정보 이용 목적
이전되는 개인정보 항목
이전 시기 및 방법
수신자의 개인정보 보유 및 이용 기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Apple의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Google의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Meta Platforms의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
중화인민공화국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Tencent의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
귀하는 상기 개인정보의 필수 이전을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보 필수 이전을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam를 이용할 수 없습니다.
美颜相机个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2023年05月10日
生效日期：2023年05月12日
厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司及其关联方（即“我们”）作为美颜相机的运营者，会严格按照法律的规定，保护您的个人信息以及隐私安全，本个人信息保护政策（“本政策”）旨在向您说明，在使用美颜相机APP（以下称“产品”或
        “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
导言
我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。美颜相机客户端、网站、相关微信小程序或美颜相机于第三方平台建立的应用等（统称“美颜相机平台”），均适用于本《个人信息保护政策》，但我们收使用、共享您的个人信息方式、类型将可能根据您选择的不同美颜相机平台而有所不同，在此基础上，我们承诺对您个人信息收集、使用的最大限度不超过本《个人信息保护政策》的范畴。同时，但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用美颜相机中的美图证件照服务，对于您个人信息的保护，请参阅美图证件照的《美图证件照个人信息保护政策》。
下文将帮您详细了解我们如何收集、存储、使用、传输、提供、公开披露与保护个人信息；帮您了解查询、更正、补充、删除、复制、转移个人信息的方式。其中，
有关您个人信息权益的重要内容已用加粗斜体形式提示
，在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）注册、登录及使用美图账号
1、在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个美图账号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称
。
2、关于美图账号
美图账号可登录、使用美图公司旗下各APP（包括但不限于美图秀秀、美拍、美颜相机、海报工厂等），为满足您一致的服务体验，在您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时且自主选择使用已注册的美图账号的，该美图账号将会同步您的
昵称、头像、地区、性别
等您自主填写的公开信息；同步您的关注和粉丝等用户关系；同步您于美图社区发布的内容等。如您不希望上述内容被同步，请您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时选择其他注册、登录方式。
（二）用于实名认证
当您在申请提现、借钱等其他需要实名认证的功能或服务时，为满足法律法规的合规需求或合同签署之目的，保障您的财产安全等，需要您提供真实身份信息（如
真实姓名、身份证号码
等）以完成实名认证，上述信息为
敏感个人信息
，我们会对此进行严格保密，并不会将上述信息用于其他目的。同时，您也可拒绝提供上述信息，这将导致您无法使用需要实名认证的特定功能，但不影响您继续使用美颜相机其他功能或服务。在完成实名认证过程中，为保证信息真实性，我们可能委托提供认证服务的第三方认证机构核验您提供的认证信息。
（三）向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会按照实现安全保障需求的一定频率收集您的设备信息，包括
设备标识信息（指由设备制造商编入到设备以对其进行标识的一串字符，Android如IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、VAID、AAID，iOS如IDFV、IDFA，本政策中所指的“设备标识信息”均同本定义）、硬件序列号、MAC地址
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
（四）向您提供其他相关产品功能和/或服务
为实现以下各项产品功能和/或服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务。
1、客户服务。当您向美颜相机提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供
姓名、手机号码、电子邮件
及
其他有效的联系方式
等个人信息。
          如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
2、当您使用美颜相机中提供的自拍、特效、滤镜等工具拍摄并发布内容时，我们会根据您的操作及使用的工具类型使用传感器信息，以适配您所选用的工具。当您拍照或浏览内容时，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
3、美颜记忆服务。当您登录使用并调整美颜相机的美颜参数，例如调整了磨皮、大眼等参数，我们会记录您的调整记录，以便下次登录使用时直接给您适合的匹配参数，方便您的使用。
4、AI算法优化服务。当您使用相机和图片精修功能拍照时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
皮肤和五官参数
，这是为了实现AI算法优化，更准确快速反馈检测报告，使用次数越多，AI算法优化效果越好。这类信息是为提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
5、iOS人脸优化处理效果。我们的服务可能会利用iOS的 ARKit 和 TrueDepth
          应用程序接口中人脸映像深度相关资讯运算结果，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
6、问候服务：当您使用拍照功能时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
面部识别特征
，用以辨别您的性别，提供人性化的问候服务。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
7、美图证件照功能：当您使用美图证件照功能时，为了您获得符合您标准的证件照，我们会收集您的
人脸图像信息
用于证件照检测与制作，我们会收集您的电子邮箱，在证件照片制作完成后，我们将通过您的电子邮箱向您发送电子版证件照片。这类信息收集后将回传至我们的服务器，我们将对
人脸图像信息
进行处理以便生成最终证件照，我们承诺将会定期删除处理。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。
8、个性化展示服务。为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会基于收集的信息，
          对用户偏好进行特征分析和用户人群画像（该个性化推荐算法不会识别特定自然人的真实身份），
          以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，
          以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。为此，我们需要收集的信息包括您的
设备识标识信息、符合国家或行业团体标准的广告标识信息、地理位置信息（如GPS）、语言及时区、使用本产品浏览器型号、您的应用列表信息、获取运行中的进程信息
，其中精确的地理位置信息需要您的授权，若您拒绝授权位置权限会影响定位的准确性，我们将无法向您推送最为精确的个性化内容和广告，
          但不会影响其他功能与服务的正常使用，我们也仅会基于
网络信息（如IP）
对应的城市及/或区县向你展示可能相关的内容、服务和广告。
          如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过本协议明示的方式关闭该功能。
9、“摇一摇”这类依赖于动作开展的互动
当您进行“摇一摇”、“抖一抖”等依赖于动作开展的互动或活动时，我们会使用您的传感器信息，以识别您的动作，用于活动参与或为您展示下一步互动场景。
10、我们可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型、WLAN接入点（如SSID、BSSID）
，以实现在广告推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的，例如：当我们监测到您处于WIFI环境下，我们可能为您直接播放视频类广告内容；当我们检测您处于无网络、或弱移动网络的环境下，我们将仅为您推送您已经缓存于本地的广告内容。
11、维护产品安全及时排除故障。为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
EXIF数据、设备标识信息、操作日志信息
。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
12、保障账号安全。当您在使用修改密码、安全验证、申诉行为，且操作行为存在异常时，我们可能会要求您提供
有效身份信息
，以确保上述操作行为的安全性。此为个人敏感信息，我们将采取严格的保密措施，并不会向第三方进行共享。
13、用于互动分享和调起第三方支付等功能。如您在使用美颜美口令功能时，我们需要在本地访问您的
剪切板信息
，读取其中包含的美口令，以实现跳转完成会员兑换。我们仅在本地识别出剪切板信息属于美口令时，才会将其上传服务器。除此之外，我们将不会上传剪切板的其他信息至服务器。如您将美颜相机中内容分享至第三方平台时，我们会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方平台是否存在从而达成分享目的；如您使用美颜相机中支付功能时，我们也会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
14、医美体验馆功能。当您选择医美体验馆并使用拍照功能生成医美报告时，我们将会收集无法识别于您个人的五官参数，为您生成详细的医美体验前后对比报告。在该功能下，我们仅在服务端对相关数据进行分析并形成相应的报告，我们不会将相关数据回传至服务器，不会进行任何形式的存储，也不会将这些信息用于除此以外的任何其他目的，更不会将其提供给任何第三方。
15、水印记录功能。当您选择水印记录并使用打卡功能记录您的位置信息时，在您主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的
精准地理位置
信息以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限，可能会影响您的正常使用，但不影响您正常使用美颜相机的其他功能。
16、AI绘画：AI绘画功能的生成内容是以原始图像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI绘画功能时，您需要上传您的原始图像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
17、AI肖像馆：AI肖像馆功能的生成内容是以原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI肖像馆功能时，在征得您单独同意的情况下，我们会将您上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
18、AI写真：AI写真功能的生成内容是以您主动上传的原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI写真功能时，我们会将您主动上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
19、消息通知：我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过短信中提供的退订方式或我们提供的其他方式进行退订。
在您开启通知权限的前提下，我们可能向您推送您关注的用户、内容及热点推荐等，如您不希望收到上述推荐，您可在手机系统设置中关闭美颜相机通知权限。
您也可以通过
《个人信息收集清单》
快速了解我们如何收集您的个人信息。
（四）我们可能从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
1、您使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）登录美颜相机时，可选择授权美颜相机在符合相关法律法规要求的前提下读取并获得
您在该第三方平台上登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括
              昵称、头像）
。
2、美颜相机需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美颜相机用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【设置—账号管理—绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
（五）美图基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用
1、如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供
个人有效身份信息
>以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
2、请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护美图及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方。
4、第三方商家。当您使用美颜相机时，您可能会浏览到由第三方商家共享的商品信息，若您对该商品有兴趣，您可以在商品页面手动输入您的姓名、电话号码、电子邮件、QQ号、微信号、性别、地址、生日（具体输入信息种类视实际页面为准）等用于商家回访的相关信息，商家将可能会对您进行回访，以便确认您的购卖意向。
请您特别注意，您一旦主动输入并提交上述信息，即视为您已经同意将上述信息共享给第三方商家用于回访之目的应用，如您认为所填写信息与回访无关，您可以拒绝填写，同时，我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）不对您主动填写的信息的真实性负责，因信息不实造成的任何损失与纠纷，由您自行承担责任，与我司无关。
5、与我们的关联公司共享：我们为您所提供的产品/服务大多是无法单独完成的，因此您的个人信息可能会与我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）的关联公司进行共享，我们只会在为实现向您提供本产品相关功能和服务的目的下共享必要的个人信息且受本个人信息保护政策所声明目的的约束。关联公司若要改变个人信息的处理目的，将再次征求您的同意。我们的关联公司包括：厦门美图网科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图之家科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图移动科技有限公司及其分、子公司等。我司及我司关联公司合称“美图”。
（二）向合作方共享个人信息
仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将委托由授权的合作伙伴提供（我们会与授权的合作伙根据法律规定签署相关处理协议，并对其个人信息使用活动进行监督），如推广服务、借钱服务、游戏服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务、电商平台合作、运营商计费充值服务。美图仅提供广告合作或接入跳转服务，您需要在使用合作方产品或功能前仔细阅读合作方的用户协议和隐私政策再进行使用。仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的个人信息保护政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
1）广告服务类合作伙伴。
A.
功能类型：广告归因。
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商（例如秒针）和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 广告主评估广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主自行处理以判断广告转化的用户来源、广告转化的效果等，支撑其商业决策。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理数据，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障隐私安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
B.
功能类型： 程序化广告推送
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主进行程序化广告推送
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主通过自动化方式自行决策是否下发广告。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护政策的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
C.
功能类型： 优化广告投放效果
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主提升广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主对数据进行分析并优化其广告投放的模型、策略等，提升广告投放的效果以及用户的体验。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
注：上文所列的IDFA均为 iOS 14.5之前版本的信息
2）功能类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机的迪奥AI彩妆师功能时，我们会收集您使用本功能时的浏览试妆行为，并将您使用本功能所必要的个人信息（如
您的用户设备ID、美图账号ID、手机号码，使用本功能的浏览试妆行为以及妆容收藏、产品详情点击数据
）共享给路威酩轩香水化妆品（上海）有限公司旗下Parfums Christian
          Dior（“Dior”），以实现您获取五官分析、妆容定制、更有针对性地向您推荐产品以及实现您购买产品、申请小样、售后服务与发送信息，促使其可以完成后续的客户沟通、售后服务等。
具体请您仔细阅读Dior的
《个人信息处理规则》
，以了解Dior将如何收集、使用、保存并保护您的个人信息。
3）技术支持类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机时，在具体功能应用场景需要合作伙伴提供相关技术支持，我们的应用中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的SDK或其他类似的应用程序。合作方浙江每日互动网络科技股份有限公司需要共享您的
设备信息、软件安装列表、网络及位置信息
，其目的是帮助分析您的兴趣爱好，实现更准确画像标签，从而为您提供符合您需求的信息，节省您的内容搜索时间。如您在美化图片时希望使用带有地理位置信息的水印素材，需要将您的设备标识信息和地理位置信息共享给百度地图运营方；当您使用产品中支付功能时，需要将您的
唯一设备识别码
共享给支付宝或微信运营方。如您使用华为/小米/魅族手机时，相关手机硬件厂商需要读取您的
设备识别码、联网相关信息
，用于推送/下发通知栏消息。
4）运营商业务信息共享：在美图和运营商（移动、联通、电信）的合作业务中，美图可能会向运营商共享您的
手机号
，用于用户身份识别和会员服务购买扣费。
5）游戏合作方：当您在美颜相机中使用由第三方提供的游戏业务时，我们可能会向游戏合作伙伴（游戏开发商、游戏发行商等）共享您的
身份证号信息、及是否通过公安部的实名验证
，以便协助游戏合作伙伴落实实名注册制度，并有效防止未成年人沉迷网络游戏。
我们还可能向游戏合作伙伴共享您的付款信息，以便于游戏合作方识别充值用户，用于为充值用户进一步提供充值后的增值服务。
为运行游戏之需要，或在运行游戏中请求广告参数，我们可能会向游戏合作方共享您的部分个人信息。我司合作的游戏合作方包括：北京久如技术有限公司（leto游戏），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享
设备标识信息
；手机QQ空间玩吧（安卓端），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享设备标识信息。如果您不同意共享上述信息，您将无法享受到我们的游戏服务。
6）钱包功能：钱包功能中的部分服务由我们的合作方提供。借钱业务由贷款服务商（如北京微聚未来科技有限公司、北京微聚智汇科技有限公司、辽宁自贸试验区（营口片区）桔子数字科技有限公司、百融云创科技股份有限公司、重庆市崇天小额贷款有限公司，根据业务发展可能会有所调整） 提供，当您使用该服务时，我们会向贷款服务商共享符合该服务所必要的个人信息，具体以您使用借钱服务时同意的
《个人信息使用授权协议》
为准。旧手机换钱服务由北京友传网络科技有限公司提供，我们会向其共享您的用户uid，用于快速登录。
7）技术支持类合作伙伴：为我们提供技术分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集相关个人信息用于实现其所支持的服务。同时，还有提供分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。
8）联合会员服务：为帮助您顺利领取美颜相机紫钻VIP和合作商会员等相关权益，我们会收集您的
手机号码
，并将您的手机号码提供给开展联名会员服务的合作商，以确保合作商可将相关权益发放至您前述手机号码绑定的合作商平台账号下。
（三）我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》
。
（四）委托处理
对于委托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与受托人约定委托处理的目的、期限、处理方式、个人信息的种类、保护措施以及双方的权利和义务等，并对受托人的个人信息处理活动进行监督。
（五）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（六）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（七）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的授权同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1) 为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3)
          为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4)
          为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5)
          依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像、地区、生日等进行访问和更正。
2、账号信息访问与更正——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定、注销账号等信息。
3、关闭定向推送——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【设置】-【隐私与通知】中关闭定向推送功能（包括个性化展示和个性化广告推荐）。
4、在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
2) 我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
3) 您撤回同意的；
4) 我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
5) 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从美图获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
（二）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（三）基本模式的使用
拍摄、图片美化、人像美容是美颜相机的基本功能。如果您仅希望使用美颜相机为您提供的编辑、调色等无需个人信息即可使用的基本拍摄、美颜功能，可选择进入基本功能模式。您在使用基本功能模式时，将无法使用完整的功能。同时，您将无法体验美颜相机为您提供的注册/登录、信息发布、互动交流、活动参与等丰富的服务。在基本功能模式下，美颜相机不会上传任何可识别到您个人的个人信息。
（四）注销帐户
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中进行账号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理账号中的资产后，为您提供账号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（五）关闭个性化推荐
您可在【设置】-【通用】-【个性化选项】-【个性化内容推荐】进行。选择关闭个性化推荐时，我们将在您关闭后停止向您推送个性化内容和广告，但您收到的推荐内容和广告的总量不会变化。
（六）个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
（七）对于您的权利要求的响应
为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市同安区滨海西大道2557号美峰创谷2号楼美图大厦（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
此处仅为权限相关说明，我们将可能在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可在设备的设置功能中关闭您已授权的权限。拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。
APP权限
权限与获取信息描述
权限使用目的及业务场景
网络访问权限（android）
访问网络信息（包括运营商信息、网络状态、wifi信息）
用于下载素材和资源。
电话权限
读取手机状态
读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于识别用户、保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）、保存游戏进度（当用户选择使用第三方提供的游戏服务时）、第三方广告投放。
存储权限（写入）
写入外部存储
用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、视频保存到本地等的文件保存功能。
地理位置权限
接收卫星的定位信息
获取精确位置地理位置的权限。用于用户带有地理位置的水印、素材的获取、第三方广告投放。在用户主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的地理位置以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限。
录音权限
录制声音
用于美颜相机的视频录制功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、电音特效相机中的拍视频功能。
相机权限
允许使用相机
用于产品的拍照、视频录制的功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、超清人像相机、大头贴、发型管家、美老师证件照相机、电音特效相机中的拍照、视频录制功能。
蓝牙服务
允许使用蓝牙服务
使用蓝牙权限。用于自拍杆功能。
存储权限（读取）
读取外部存储
读取本地图片、视频、游戏包等文件，用于帮助用户进行图片、视频美化、游戏包正常下载和存储。
通知权限
向用户发送通知
向用户推送平台活动、营销信息等。
未知来源安装权限（android）
允许应用程序请求安装包
用于用户下载游戏安装包
拨打电话权限（android）
允许应用程序在不通过拔号盘界面的情况下发起电话呼叫
用于直接拨打电话
隱私政策
更新日期：2020年7月7日
我們非常重視您的隱私權！
美圖公司及其關聯控制方（「美圖」、「我們」或「我們的」）致力於保護使用者（「使用者」或「您」）的隱私權。本隱私政策（「本政策」）旨在向您說明，在您使用我們的網站和服務時，我們如何收集、儲存、使用、管理和保護您的使用者資訊（包括個人資訊）。收集途徑主要包括：www.meitu.com、www.meipai.com和www.beautyplus.com（「我們的網站」），或其他行動裝置上（如：蘋果裝置和Android裝置）提供的美圖應用程式產品（「我們的服務」），但特定美圖應用程式產品提供獨立的隱私政策的除外。
請注意，本政策範圍僅限於您使用我們的網站和服務時，向美圖提交或者由美圖收集的使用者資訊（包括個人資訊）；本政策下「個人資訊」指資訊本身或與美圖能夠存取的個人的其他資訊關聯後，能夠辨識特定個人的資料，包括您的姓名、地址、電話號碼和電子郵件地址。
使用我們的網站和服務，即表示您同意本政策，並同意根據本政策中規定的方式對您的使用者資訊（包括您的個人資訊）進行收集、處理、披露和分享。如果您不同意本政策及未來修訂版本的任何條款，請不要使用我們的網站和我們的服務。
如您對本政策或任何隱私權相關問題有任何疑問，請透過support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com與我們聯絡，或者以掛號信方式將郵件寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
我們收集哪些資訊
為了向您提供我們的網站和服務，我們將在法律允許的範圍內和僅在您瀏覽網站、使用某些功能或者服務時，根據本政策規定收集您的個人資訊和使用者資訊。如果您不提供這些資訊，我們可能無法向您提供我們的產品或服務。
您提供給我們的資訊
在您使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們可能會建議您註冊一個美圖帳號，以方便您充分利用我們的網站、我們的服務及其優勢。當您註冊美圖帳號時，我們會收集您所提供資訊以辨識您的身分，其中包括您的帳號名稱、行動電話號碼等註冊美圖帳號的必需資訊。在您在申請開通美拍影片直播功能時，我們將根據法律規定要求您提供本人真實有效的身分資訊（包括但不限於姓名、身分證號碼和手機號碼）以供實名認證。
裝置資訊
當您在行動裝置上使用我們的服務時，我們會收集與您裝置相關的資訊，例如國際行動電話裝置識別碼（「IMEI」）、廣告識別碼（「IDFA」與「IDFV」）、積體電路卡識別碼（「ICCID」）和媒體存取控制（「MAC」）地址、裝置型號與裝置解析度，以便我們統計使用我們產品與服務的裝置數量，並進行裝置機型資料分析與圖形適配分析。
網路資訊
當您在連接網際網路狀態下使用我們的網站或我們的服務時，我們會收集您所使用的電信廠商名稱與網路類型，目的是為了瞭解使用者的電信廠商和網路分布情況。此外，我們還收集連接的WIFI名稱與WIFI連接時間，以瞭解您使用服務的使用者場景。
位置資訊
我們收集您的位置資訊，如國家代碼、經緯度資訊、網路位置、IP地址和系統設定國家及時區資訊。這些資訊有助於我們瞭解使用者分布和使用者使用場景，以利我們提供正確的應用程式版本及更優質的服務。除本政策另有約定外，我們不會與任何第三方分享這些資訊。如果您希望我們停止追蹤或使用具體位置資訊，您可以選擇在裝置上關閉網路、GPS功能，或者停用我們取得您網路、GPS、裝置資訊的權限。
記錄資訊
當您使用我們的某些服務，包括參與、產生、瀏覽與我們的服務相關之內容時，我們將自動收集美圖應用程式產品內某些相關的記錄資訊，這些資訊包括：(1)
        關於您的使用時間與使用頻率的詳細資料；(2)
        裝置統計資訊、關鍵操作路徑、錯誤日誌、當機紀錄、語言和時區等。這些記錄資訊能夠幫助我們充分瞭解和改善服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
圖片資訊
當您選擇使用我們服務中的雲美化功能時，請您理解並同意，為了向您提供該項服務並持續最佳化，我們須將您的圖片上傳至我們的伺服器處理，處理完畢後再將圖片傳回給您；在此過程中，我們還將同步收到您圖片的
        EXIF 資訊（根據裝置廠商的不同，EXIF 資訊可能包括圖片拍攝與處理時的
        GPS、裝置型號、感光度（ISO）、前後置鏡頭與建立時間資訊等），以便進一步最佳化我們的服務。
詮釋資料
詮釋資料通常是與使用者內容相關聯的技術資料。簡言之，它是描述資料的資料。例如，它可以描述圖片（或同類文件）中包含的地理位置資訊及檔案建立時間，圖片中包含的粗略人物特徵和圖片中包含的內容。當您在使用我們的服務時，我們將利用照片詮釋資料為您提供更精準的「人臉辨識」、「關鍵點標記」、「區域分割」、「內容標籤」，以及由這些基礎功能組合而成的其他自訂功能。正常情況下，這些詮釋資料無法用於辨識任何特定的個人。這些詮釋資料的目的是改進服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
論壇資訊
我們的部分網站或者應用程式提供面向公眾的社群論壇。請知悉，如果您在這些網站或者應用程式上公開發布了資訊，則任何可登入到該網站的使用者將可以閱讀到您的資訊，或加以收集、使用。如您自己無法將您的個人資訊從社群論壇中刪除，請聯絡我們：support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。有時候，我們可能無法刪除您的個人資訊，在這種情況下我們會告知您情況及其原因。
Cookie
只在您瀏覽我們的網站時，美圖或美圖委託合作第三方會使用cookie、標籤和腳本等技術，收集記錄檔案和本機快取資訊，以用於分析趨勢、管理網站、追蹤使用者的網站活動，並收集關於整個使用者群的人口統計資訊。記錄檔案資訊可能包括網際網路協議
        (IP) 地址、瀏覽器類型、網際網路服務供應商
        (ISP)、引用/退出頁面、作業系統、日期/時間標記和點擊流資料。
廣告資訊
我們可能在服務中放映廣告，並且可能出於追蹤廣告之目的來收集並使用有關您的資訊，例如您的裝置識別碼、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。這些資訊將用於建立內部使用者編號，以幫助我們更好地計數和追蹤基於語言、地理位置和其他細節的廣告。我們不會將這些資訊出售給第三方。
第三方服務收集的資訊
我們提供的服務可能包括屬於我們的服務供應商之第三方追蹤工具。該第三方可能會在我們提供的服務中使用cookies、API（應用程式介面）以及SDK（軟體開發套件），藉此代表我們收集並分析使用者資訊。第三方可能會存取您的裝置識別碼、MAC（媒體存取控制）地址、IMEI（國際行動設備識別碼）、區域（使用指定語言的特定地點）、地理位置資訊及IP地址等資訊，旨在實現在其各自隱私政策下提供服務。我們的隱私政策不會覆蓋到第三方追蹤工具的使用。我們沒有權限存取或控制這些第三方。若想瞭解更多相應第三方資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。
使用者體驗計畫收集的資訊
我們可能在產品中發布相應的使用者體驗計畫，旨在幫助改善產品技術與服務、提升使用者體驗。您可自行選擇參與，並且隨時退出。當您同意參與相應產品的使用者體驗計畫之後，我們將根據相應使用者體驗計畫收集您的資訊，直到您選擇退出該計畫為止。這些資訊是為了幫助我們充分瞭解和改善技術和服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
其他資訊
我們還可能收集其他各類與個人沒有關聯的資訊（例如作業系統類型與版本號），以瞭解系統升級情況、系統語言以用於搭配語言、應用程式列表以瞭解使用者的興趣偏好等。收集此類資訊的目的在於改善我們所提供的服務。此外，我們的服務可能會利用蘋果的
        ARKit 和 TrueDepth
        應用程式介面中人臉映射深度相關資訊運算結果，以達到更好的人臉影像處理效果；在此期間，我們既不會將該等運算結果用於其他目的，也不會以記錄為目的，或以其他方式蒐集您的臉部映射深度為目的，擷取檔案中的任何資料或上傳資料到伺服器。中繼資料是指與使用者內容相關的技術資料，是描述資料的資料。 例如，中繼資料可以描述由電腦演算法和人工智慧生成和標記的面部特徵，性別，年齡，照片中人物的種族以及照片中包含的其他元素的分析結果。 當您使用服務時，我們將使用照片中繼資料為您提供某些功能，包括精確的“面部識別”，“關鍵特徵識別”，“區域細分”，“內容標籤”以及其他基於這些功能的自訂功能。 當我們的應用程式處理您的照片時，我們可能會使用您的照片中繼資料為您提供更合適的濾鏡和更好的照片效果； 我們還可能利用中繼資料為您提供與上下文相關的產品或服務。
我們如何使用資訊
收集使用者資訊和個人資訊的目的，在於向您提供我們的產品和服務，並且保證我們遵守適用法律。在「我們收集哪些資訊」章節基礎上，我們將您的使用者資訊與個人資訊用於下列目的：
（一）產品服務。
提供、處理、維護、改善、開發我們的網站和/或提供給您的服務，包括客戶支援，以及透過裝置或網站提供的其他服務。
（二）統計分析。
分析和開發與我們所推出產品及服務之使用的相關統計資訊，以充分改進我們的產品和服務。
（三）建立您的美圖帳號。
在透過我們的網站或服務建立美圖帳號時，所收集的個人資訊用於建立使用者的個人美圖帳號和資料頁。
（四）方便您使用論壇。
與美拍、閃聊或其他美圖社群平台有關的個人資訊，可能用於個人資料頁面展示、與其他使用者互動、發布資訊。
（五）提供基於位置的服務。
在使用我們的服務時，我們或第三方服務供應商可能會使用位置資訊，以為您提供正確版本的服務，並且提供準確的位置，以盡可能獲得最佳的使用者體驗。
（六）改善使用者體驗。
使用者可自行選擇加入部分功能（例如使用者體驗計畫）以允許美圖分析使用者如何使用我們產品和服務的資料，進而改善使用者體驗。
（七）提供推播服務。
美圖帳號和裝置資訊可能用於提供美圖推播服務，以評估廣告表現和軟體更新或新產品發布的通知。您可以隨時透過更改「設定」項下的偏好選項來關閉此功能。
（八）驗證使用者身分。
帳號登入時以簡訊驗證，確保未經授權的人員無法登入；影片直播功能將驗證使用者身分，以符合適用法律要求。
（九）收集使用者意見回饋。
您的意見回饋對於美圖極為珍貴，有助我們改進服務。為了追蹤您的意見回饋，美圖可能會使用您所提供的個人資訊與您聯絡，並保留紀錄。
（十）其他。
儲存並維護與您相關的資訊，用於我們營運業務或履行法律義務。
資訊分享與披露
我們不會將任何個人資訊出售給第三方。除非下列情形發生時，否則我們無權向第三方共享和/或披露您的全部或部分個人資訊：
（一）為保護他人的人身或財產安全；
（二）為防止或解決網路詐欺；
（三）維護美圖公司的合法權利及權益；
（四）實現「我們收集哪些資訊」部分所述目的，前提條件為該等披露接收方應同等接受本政策約束，並可以提供資訊充分保護；
（五）根據法律、法規的規定，或遵從政府部門、司法機關的要求；通常前述要求都是為了保護網路安全和保護我們、我們的使用者和第三方的權利、財產和安全。
資訊安全保障
我們使用合理措施，以防發生資訊遺失、遭不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露等狀況。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）保護您的個人資訊。但請您理解，在網際網路行業中，即便竭盡所能加強安全措施，也不可能始終保證資訊百分之百的安全。您必須瞭解，您連接我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網路，有可能因我們可控制範圍外的因素而出現問題。
資訊存取與控制
我們將採取一切合理適當的技術手段，保證您可以存取、更新和更正自己的個人資訊，或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資訊。在存取、更新、更正和刪除前述個人資訊時，我們可能會要求您進行身分驗證，以保障您的帳號安全。
資料保留與刪除
受限於法律法規要求，我們將按照「我們如何使用資訊」章節或者為您提供服務的時間範圍內保留您的資訊（包括個人資訊）。如果您希望取消對於我們收集您的個人資訊之同意意願，或者不再同意我們披露由我們所收集之您的個人資訊，或者希望我們刪除您的個人資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。我們將會在收到您的電子郵件或者掛號信後的合理時間內處理您的要求，並且會根據您的要求，在此之後不再收集、使用或披露您的個人資訊。請注意，您取消同意或者刪除您的個人資訊後，可能會影響您使用某些我們的服務。
兒童資訊
我們無意向13周歲（或者其他您所在地區適用法律規定的年齡）以下的人群收集或要求個人資訊。如果您低於13周歲，請不要向我們傳送您的個人資訊，包括您的名字、地址、電話號碼或者電子郵件地址。如果您認為我們可能有13周歲以下兒童任何資訊時，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
您同意進行跨境傳輸
您理解並同意：(i)
        我們可將根據本政策收集的資訊（包括個人資訊）儲存於中國大陸或者其他國家的伺服器上，整個過程需要資訊的跨境傳輸；和
        (ii)
        我們可能將我們收集到之您的資訊，傳送至我們關聯控制公司，或者根據本政策的跨境第三方服務供應商。請注意，上述國家和地區可能沒有與您所在國家或地區一樣的資料保護水準，您在此同意將資訊傳送至中國大陸，並且根據本政策使用和披露關於您的資訊，包括個人資訊。如果您不同意或者您想要瞭解更多資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
適用法律
本政策，包括但不限於本政策的訂立、效力、解釋、履行和爭議解決，均應適用中華人民共和國法律（不包括香港特別行政區與澳門特別行政區法律）。我們並未表示或者保證本政策符合任何司法管轄區的隱私權法律，因此，您不應當按照該等法律來解釋本政策。
本政策更新
您同意，我們根據法律法規或者美圖商業決策相應更新本政策，您願意受修訂後政策的約束。如果涉及本政策重大變更，在必要時我們將以網站公告或者訊息推播方式做出。
如果您是加利福尼亞州居民
如果您是加利福尼亞州居民，且我們在過去一年中向該第三方披露或者共享了您的個人資訊及其目錄，我們將為您提供每年免費一次的第三方清單機會。如果您是加利福尼亞州居民並且希望獲得前述第三方清單，請標明主旨為「加利福尼亞居民隱私權」的電子郵件，傳送至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，您也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
私隱政策
更新日期：2019年6月28日
我們非常重視閣下的私隱權！
美圖公司及其關聯控制方（「美圖」、「我們」或「我們的」）致力於保護我們用戶（「用戶」或「閣下」）的私隱權。本私隱政策(「本政策」)旨在向閣下說明，在使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們如何收集、儲存、使用、管理和保護閣下的用戶資料（包括個人資料）。收集途徑主要包括：www.meitu.com、www.meipai.com和www.beautyplus.com
        (「我們的網站」)，或其他流動裝置上（如：Apple
        裝置和Android裝置）提供的美圖應用程式產品(「我們的服務」)，而提供獨立私隱政策的特定美圖應用程式產品則除外。
請注意，本政策範圍僅限於閣下使用我們的網站和我們的服務時向美圖提交或者美圖收集的用戶資料（包括個人資料）；在本政策下，「個人資料」指資料本身或美圖存取個人的其他資料聯絡後，能夠識別特定個人的資料，包括閣下的姓名、地址、電話號碼和電郵地址。
使用我們的網站和我們的服務就意味著閣下同意本政策，並同意我們根據本政策中規定的方式對閣下的用戶資料（包括閣下的個人資料）進行收集、處理、披露和分享。如果閣下不同意本政策及未來修訂版本的任何條款，請不要使用我們的網站和我們的服務。
如閣下對本政策或任何私隱權相關問題有任何疑問，請通過support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com與我們聯絡或者郵寄掛號信至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
我們收集哪些資料
為了向閣下提供我們的網站和我們的服務，我們將在法律允許的範圍內和當且僅當閣下瀏覽網站、使用某些功能或者服務時，根據本政策規定收集閣下的個人資料和用戶資料。如果閣下不提供這些資料，我們可能無法向閣下提供我們的產品或服務。
閣下提供給我們的資料
在閣下使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們可能會建議閣下註冊一個美圖帳號，以方便閣下充分利用我們的網站、我們的服務及其優勢。當閣下註冊美圖帳號時，我們會收集閣下所提供的可識別閣下身份的資料，這些資料包括閣下的帳號名稱、流動電話號碼等註冊美圖帳號時所需的資料。在閣下申請開通美拍視頻直播功能時，我們將根據法律規定要求閣下提供本人真實有效的身份資料（包括但不限於姓名、身份證號和手機號碼）以供實名認證。
裝置資料
當閣下在行動裝置上使用我們的服務時，我們收集與閣下裝置相關的資料。例如，國際移動裝置識別碼（「IMEI」）、廣告識別碼（「IDFA」與「IDFV」）、積體電路卡識別碼（「ICCID」）和媒體存取控制（「MAC」）地址、裝置型號與裝置解析度，方便我們統計使用我們產品與服務的裝置數量並進行裝置機型資料分析與圖形適配分析。
網絡資訊
當閣下在連接至網絡的狀態下使用我們的網站或我們的服務時，我們會收集閣下所使用的網絡供應商名稱與網絡類型，目的是了解用戶的網絡供應商和網絡分佈的情況，此外，我們還收集接入WiFi名稱與WiFi接入時間以了解閣下使用服務的用戶情景。
位置資訊
我們收集閣下的位置資料，如國家代碼、經緯度資料、網絡位置、IP地址和系統設定國家及時區資料。這些資料有助於我們了解用戶分佈和用戶使用場景，使我們可以為其提供正確的應用程式版本及更優質的服務。除本政策另有約定外，我們不會與任何第三方分享這些資料。如果閣下不再希望我們跟蹤或使用具體位置資料，閣下可以選擇在裝置上關閉網絡、GPS功能或者禁用我們獲取閣下網絡、GPS、裝置資料的許可權。
日誌資料
當閣下使用某些我們的服務，包括參與、生成、瀏覽與我們服務相關的內容時，我們將會自動收集美圖應用程式產品內某些相關的日誌資料，這些資料包括：(1)閣下的使用時間與使用頻率的細節；(2)裝置統計資料、關鍵操作路徑、錯誤日誌、閃退記錄、語言和時區等。這些日誌資料能夠幫助我們更好的了解和改善我們的服務，並非用於識別任何特定的個人。
圖片資訊
當閣下選擇使用我們服務中的雲端美化功能時，請閣下理解並且同意，為實現向閣下提供該項服務並作持續優化之目的，我們須將閣下的圖片上載至我們的伺服器進行處理，完成後再將處理後的圖片傳回給閣下；在此過程中，我們還將同步收到閣下圖片的EXIF資訊（根據裝置廠商的不同，Exif資訊可能包括圖片拍攝與處理時的GPS、裝置型號、感光度（ISO）、前後置鏡頭與建立時間資訊等），以供進一步優化我們的服務。
元數據
元數據通常是與用戶內容相關聯的技術資料，簡而言之，它是描述資料的資料。例如，它可以描述圖片（或同類檔案）中包含的地理位置資料及建立檔案的時間、圖片中包含的粗略人物特徵和圖片中包含的內容。當閣下在使用我們的服務時，我們將利用照片的元數據為閣下提供更精準的「人臉檢測」，「關鍵點標記」，「區域分割」，「內容標籤」以及由這些基礎功能組合而成的其他個人化功能。正常情況下，這些元數據無法用於識別任何特定的個人。這些元數據是以改進服務為目的，並非用於識別任何特定的個人。
討論區資料
部分我們的網站或者應用程式提供面向公眾的討論區。請知悉，如果閣下在這些網站或者應用程式上公開發布了資料，任何可登入到該網站的用戶都將可以閱讀到閣下的資料，並進行收集或使用。如閣下無法將自己的個人資料從社區討論區中刪除，請發送電郵至以下電郵地址以聯絡我們：support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。有時，我們可能無法刪除閣下的個人資料，在這種情況下，我們會將這一情況及其原因告知於閣下。
Cookie
只有在閣下瀏覽我們的網站時，美圖或美圖委託合作的第三方會使用cookie、標籤和腳本等技術，收集日誌檔和本機快取資料，用於分析趨勢、管理網站、追蹤用戶的網站活動並收集關於整個用戶群的人口統計資料。日誌檔資料可能包括互聯網協定
        (IP) 地址、瀏覽器類型、互聯網服務供應商
        (ISP)、引用/退出頁面、作業系統、日期/時間標記和瀏覽網頁的歷程資料。
廣告資料
我們可能在服務中放映廣告並且可能出於追蹤廣告目的收集並使用有關閣下的資料，例如閣下的裝置識別碼、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。這些資料將用於創建內部用戶編號以幫助我們更好地計數和追蹤基於語言、地理位置和其他細節的廣告。我們不會將這些資料出售給第三方。
第三方服務收集的資料
我們提供的服務可能包括屬於我們的服務供應商的第三方追蹤工具。該第三方可能會在我們提供的服務中使用cookies、APIs（應用程式介面）及SDKs（軟體開發套件），由此代表我們收集並分析用戶資料。第三方可能會存取諸如閣下的裝置識別碼、MAC（媒體存取控制）地址、IMEI（國際移動裝置識別碼）、區域（使用給定語言的特定地點）、地理位置資料及IP地址等資料，旨在於其各自私隱政策下提供服務。我們的私隱政策不會覆蓋到第三方追蹤工具的使用。我們沒有許可權訪問或控制這些第三方。如果閣下想知道更多相應第三方資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。
用戶體驗計劃收集的資料
我們可能在我們產品中發布相應的用戶體驗計劃，旨在幫助改善產品技術與服務、提升用戶體驗。閣下可選擇參與並且隨時退出。當閣下同意參與相應產品的用戶體驗計劃之後，直至閣下選擇退出該計劃之前，我們將根據相應用戶體驗計劃收集閣下的資料。這些資料是為了幫助我們更好的了解及改善我們的技術和服務，並非以識別任何特定的個人為目的。
其他資訊
我們還可能收集其他各類與個人沒有關聯的資料。例如，作業系統類型與版本以了解系統升級情況、系統語言以用於語言適配、應用清單以了解用戶的興趣偏好等。收集此類資料的目的在於改善我們向閣下提供的服務。此外，我們的服務可能會利用蘋果的
        ARKit 和 TrueDepth
        應用程式介面中人臉映射深度相關資訊運算結果，以達到更好的人臉影像處理效果；在此期間，我們既不會將該等運算結果用於其他目的，也不會以記錄為目的，或以其他方式蒐集您的臉部映射深度為目的，擷取檔案中的任何資料或上傳資料到伺服器。
我們如何使用資料
收集用戶資料和個人資料的目的在於向閣下提供我們的產品和服務，並且保證我們遵守適用法律。在「我們收集哪些資料」章節的基礎上，我們將閣下的用戶資料與個人資料用於下列目的：
（一）
產品服務
。提供、處理、維護、改善、開發我們的網站和/或提供給閣下的我們的服務，包括客戶支援，以及通過裝置或網站提供的其他服務。
（二）
統計分析
。分析和開發與我們產品及我們的服務的使用相關的統計資料，以更好地改進我們的產品和服務。
（三）
創建閣下的美圖帳號
。在通過我們的網站或我們的服務建立美圖帳號時所收集的個人資料將用於建立用戶的個人美圖帳號和資料頁面。
（四）
方便閣下使用討論區
。與美拍、閃聊或其他美圖社區平台有關的個人資料可能被用於個人資料頁面展示、與其他用戶互動、發布資料。
（五）
提供基於位置的服務
。在使用我們的服務時，我們或第三方服務供應商可能會使用位置資料以為閣下提供正確版本的服務，並且提供準確的位置，以獲得最佳的用戶體驗。
（六）
改善用戶體驗
。某些選擇性加入功能，例如用戶體驗計劃，允許美圖分析用戶如何使用我們產品和服務的資料，以改善用戶體驗。
（七）
提供推送服務
。美圖帳號和裝置資料可能用於提供美圖推送服務，以評估廣告表現和軟體更新或新產品發布的通知。閣下可以隨時通過更改「設定」項下的偏好選項來關閉此功能。
（八）
驗證用戶身份
。登入帳號時短訊驗證，確保未經授權的人員無法登入；視頻直播功能驗證用戶身份，以符合適用法律要求。
（九）
收集用戶意見
。閣下的意見對協助美圖改進服務而言極為珍貴。為了跟進閣下的意見，美圖可能會使用閣下所提供的個人資料與閣下聯絡，並保留記錄。
（十）
其他
。儲存並維護與閣下相關的資料，用於我們營運業務或履行法律義務。
資料分享與披露
我們不會將任何個人資料出售給第三方。除非發生下列情形，否則我們無權向第三方共用和/或披露閣下的全部或部分個人資料：
（一） 為保護他人的人身或財產安全；
（二） 為防止或解決網絡欺詐；
（三） 維護美圖公司的合法權利及權益；
（四）
          實現「我們收集哪些資料」部分所述目的，前提條件為該等披露接收方應同等接受本政策約束並可以提供資料充分保護；
（五）
          根據法律、法規的規定，或遵從政府部門、司法機關的要求；通常前述要求都是為了保護網絡安全和保護我們、我們的用戶和第三方的權利、財產和安全。
資料安全保障
我們使用合理措施，以防資料的丟失、不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）來保護閣下的個人資料。但請閣下理解（在互聯網行業）即便竭盡所能加強安全措施，也不可能始終保證資料百分之百安全。閣下需要了解，閣下連接至我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網絡，有可能因我們可控範圍外的因素而出現問題。
資料存取與控制
我們將採取一切合理適當的技術手段，保證閣下可以存取、更新和更正自己的個人資料或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資料。在存取、更新、更正和刪除前述個人資料時，我們可能會要求閣下進行身份驗證，以保障閣下的帳號安全。
數據保留與刪除
受限於法律法規要求，我們將按照「我們如何使用資料」章節或者為閣下提供服務的時間範圍內保留閣下的資料（包括個人資料）。如果閣下希望撤銷同意收集、使用、披露我們收集的閣下的個人資料或者希望我們刪除閣下的個人資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。我們將在收到閣下的電郵或者掛號信後的合理時間內處理閣下的請求，並且會根據閣下的請求，在此之後不再收集、使用、披露閣下的個人資料。請注意，閣下撤銷同意或者刪除閣下的個人資料後，可能會影響閣下使用我們的某些服務。
兒童資料
我們無意向13周歲（或者其他閣下所在地區適用法律規定的年齡）以下的人群收集或請求個人資料。如果閣下低於13周歲，請不要向我們發送閣下的個人資料，包括閣下的名字、地址、電話號碼或者電郵地址。如果閣下認為我們可能有13周歲以下兒童的任何資料時，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
閣下同意進行跨境傳輸
閣下理解並同意:(i)我們可將根據本政策收集的資料（包括個人資料）儲存於中國大陸或者其他國家的伺服器上，整個過程需要資料的跨境傳輸；和(ii)
        我們可能將我們收集到的閣下的資料傳送至我們關聯控制公司或者根據本政策的跨境第三方服務供應商。請注意上述國家和地區可能沒有與閣下所在國家或地區一樣的資料保護水平，閣下同意將資料傳送至中國大陸並且根據本政策使用和披露關於閣下的資料，包括個人資料。如果閣下不同意或者閣下想要了解更多資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，閣下也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
適用法律
本政策，包括但不限於本政策的訂立、效力、解釋、履行和爭議解決，均應適用中華人民共和國法律（不包括香港特別行政區與澳門特別行政區法律）。我們並未表示或者保證本政策符合任何司法管轄區的私隱權法律，因此，閣下不應當按照該等法律來解釋本政策。
本政策更新
閣下同意，我們根據法律法規或者美圖商業決策相應更新本政策，閣下願意受修訂後政策的約束。如果涉及本政策重大變更，在必要時我們將以於網站公告或者推送相關資料。
如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民
如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民，而我們在過去一年中向該第三方披露或者共用了閣下的個人資料及其目錄，我們將於每年為閣下免費提供一次第三方清單機會。如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民並且希望獲得上述第三方清單，請發送主旨為「加利福尼亞州居民私隱權」的電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，閣下也可以郵寄掛號信至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
Sub-policy 5
https://pro.meitu.com/meiyan/agreements/privacy_policy_history/privacy_policy-2023-05-04.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 04 May 2023
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains. Such personal information may
        include your name, gender, phone number, email address, date of birth,
        images, geo-location, personal identity number and identifiable
        biological information.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via
[global.support@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchased content or signed
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation
        results of ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping
        information, which may require to use your facial recognition features
        in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature
        analysis using the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
[global.support@meitu.com] (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
When you use the ChatGPT integrated features in BeautyCam, we may collect and process personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[global.support@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers (including but not limited to Open AI), in order to provide our
        Services.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) provides California
        residents with the right to know what categories of personal information
        we have collected about them:
Category of Personal Information
Collected by us?
Identifiers
Yes
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e)
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
                federal law
Yes
Commercial information
Yes
Biometric information
Yes
Internet activity or electronic network activity information
Yes
Geolocation data
Yes
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
                information
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
No
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational
                Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
                99))
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a
                profile
Yes
The CCPA also provides California residents with the right to opt out of
        the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, a “sale” is
        broadly defined as making available personal information to a
        third-party for valuable consideration. It does not necessarily mean
        money was exchanged for the transfer of personal information.
For purposes of the CCPA, a “sale” may include using targeted
        advertising services to deliver targeted advertising on our Services or
        other sites. Like most mobile applications, we use these services, which
        enable us to provide our Services and relevant offers to you. As a
        result, we may “sell” the following categories of personal information:
        identifiers (e.g., advertising IDs); internet activity; geolocation
        data; and inferences drawn to create a profile.
We do not sell personal information of California residents.
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free
        of charge with an opportunity to obtain a list of third parties to which
        we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information
        for their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are
        a resident of California and wish to obtain this list, you may send an
        email with the subject “BeautyCam - The right to privacy of a California
        resident” to compliance@meitu.com or send a registered mail to Unit
        8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West,
        Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF NEVADA
We do not sell personal information of Nevada residents.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and
          processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
https://openai.com/privacy-policy
Provision of ChatGPT integrated features
Personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside
        of South Korea, we will be unable to provide you with our products or
        Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 08/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 22/12/2022)
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 04 May 2023
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains. Such personal information may
        include your name, gender, phone number, email address, date of birth,
        images, geo-location, personal identity number and identifiable
        biological information.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via
[global.support@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchased content or signed
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation
        results of ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping
        information, which may require to use your facial recognition features
        in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature
        analysis using the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
[global.support@meitu.com] (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
When you use the ChatGPT integrated features in BeautyCam, we may collect and process personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[global.support@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers (including but not limited to Open AI), in order to provide our
        Services.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) provides California
        residents with the right to know what categories of personal information
        we have collected about them:
Category of Personal Information
Collected by us?
Identifiers
Yes
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e)
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
                federal law
Yes
Commercial information
Yes
Biometric information
Yes
Internet activity or electronic network activity information
Yes
Geolocation data
Yes
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
                information
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
No
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational
                Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
                99))
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a
                profile
Yes
The CCPA also provides California residents with the right to opt out of
        the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, a “sale” is
        broadly defined as making available personal information to a
        third-party for valuable consideration. It does not necessarily mean
        money was exchanged for the transfer of personal information.
For purposes of the CCPA, a “sale” may include using targeted
        advertising services to deliver targeted advertising on our Services or
        other sites. Like most mobile applications, we use these services, which
        enable us to provide our Services and relevant offers to you. As a
        result, we may “sell” the following categories of personal information:
        identifiers (e.g., advertising IDs); internet activity; geolocation
        data; and inferences drawn to create a profile.
We do not sell personal information of California residents.
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free
        of charge with an opportunity to obtain a list of third parties to which
        we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information
        for their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are
        a resident of California and wish to obtain this list, you may send an
        email with the subject “BeautyCam - The right to privacy of a California
        resident” to compliance@meitu.com or send a registered mail to Unit
        8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West,
        Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF NEVADA
We do not sell personal information of Nevada residents.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and
          processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
https://openai.com/privacy-policy
Provision of ChatGPT integrated features
Personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside
        of South Korea, we will be unable to provide you with our products or
        Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 08/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 22/12/2022)
개인 정보 보호 정책
최종 수정일: 2022년 12월 22일
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다.
Meitu (China) Limited (
“당사”
,
“당사를”
또는
“당사의”
)는 사용자(
“사용자”
또는
“귀하”
)의 개인 정보를 보호하고자 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호 정책(이
"정책"
)은 당사가 해당 데이터 보호법에 따라 컨트롤러 및/또는 비즈니스로서 모든 기능을 포함하여 BeautyCam 애플리케이션을 사용하는 동안 귀하의 사용자 정보(귀하의 개인 정보 포함)를 수집, 저장, 사용, 관리 및 보호하는 방법에 관한 당사의 관행을 설명하기 위한 것입니다(당사
"서비스"
).
본 정책의 범위는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사가 수집하거나 수신한 귀하의 사용자 정보(개인 정보 포함)로만 제한된다는 점에 유의하시기 바랍니다. 이 정책에서
"개인 정보"
는 수집된 정보와 관련된 개인을 식별, 연락 또는 위치 확인에 사용할 수 있는 모든 정보 또는 정보 조합을 의미합니다. 이러한 개인 정보에는 귀하의 이름, 성별, 전화번호, 이메일 주소, 생년월일, 이미지, 지리적 위치, 개인 식별 번호 및 식별 가능한 생물학적 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 이 정책과 이 정책에 제공된 방식으로 개인 정보를 포함한 사용자 정보의 수집, 사용, 처리, 보유, 공개 및 공유함에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 정책의 조건 또는 이 정책에 대한 후속 변경 사항에 동의하지 않는 경우 당사 서비스 사용을 재고해 주시기 바랍니다.
특정 범주의 데이터를 제공은 필수 사항입니다(수집 시 지정된 대로). 필수 표시된 데이터를 충분히 제공하지 않는 경우 등록 절차를 완료하거나 서비스를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다. 또한, 본 정책에서 용어를 정의하지 않는 한, 본 정책에서 사용된 모든 대문자 용어는 서비스 약관에서와 동일한 의미를 가집니다. 따라서 서비스 약관을 읽고 이해했는지 확인하세요.
본 정책 또는 개인 정보 보호 관련 문제에 대해 질문이 있는 경우 이메일
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)
또는 등기 우편(Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong < 주의: Meitu 법률 부서 >)을 통해 데이터 보호 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다. 개인 정보 또는 지적 재산권 침해와 관련되지 않은 기타 모든 문의, 피드백, 제안 및/또는 불만 사항(구독 취소, 지불 분쟁, 환불 요청 및 BeautyCam의 기술 지원을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)에 대해서는
[compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 통해 당사에 연락해야 합니다. (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)].
귀하의 이메일이 잘못된 주제와 관련하여 잘못된 이메일 주소로 전송될 시 해당 요청이 제대로 처리되지 못하거나 지연될 수 있습니다.
수집하는 정보
당사 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 당사는 본 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보를 수집하고 처리합니다. 귀하가 이 정보를 제공하지 않으면 Meitu는 귀하에게 제품이나 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다. 귀하는 당사에 제출된 모든 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보가 완전하고 정확하며 진실되고 올바른지 확인해야 합니다. 귀하가 그렇게 하지 않으면 당사가 귀하에게 당사 서비스의 전부 또는 일부를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다.
계정 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 서비스 및 모든 해당 기능을 최대한 활용하기 위해 당사 계정에 가입하는 것이 좋습니다. 귀하가 계정을 만들 때 당사는 다음 정보를 수집하고 이는 귀하를 식별하거나 귀하에게 서비스를 제공하는 데 이용될 수 있습니다.
필수 : 휴대전화번호, 기기ID
선택 사항: 이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일 및 위치
누구나 당사 서비스에 액세스할 수 있지만 특정 서비스("가입 서비스")는 가입비가 필요한 경우가 있습니다(예:프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스, 광고 권한 누리기 등). 구독 서비스에서 구매하기로 선택한 경우 장치 ID와 같은 특정 개인 식별 정보를 수집합니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서는 거래 및 갱신을 처리할 목적으로 귀하의 금융 정보 및 청구 주소를 수신, 액세스 또는 사용할 수 있습니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서를 통해 콘텐츠를 구입했거나 구독 서비스에 가입한 경우 모든 구매에 대해 어떻게 개인 금융 정보를 유지하고 사용하는 지 이에 대한 정보는 해당 제3자의 약관을 참조해야 합니다. 당사는 의심의 여지를 없애기 위해 귀하로부터 어떠한 금융 정보도 수집하지 않습니다.
모바일 장치 정보
모바일 장치에서 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 국제 모바일 장비 ID(“IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자(“UDID”) 또는 Android ID, 범용 고유 식별자(“GUUID”), 광고 식별자(“IDFA”) 및 공급업체 식별자(“IDFV”)를 포함하여 집적 회로 카드 식별자(“ICCID”), 미디어 액세스 제어(“MAC”) 사용하는 장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치 및 해상도에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록를 수집하며 이는 당사의 서비스 및 그래픽 적응을 최적화하기 위해 당사의 기술적 기능, 서버 로드 밸런싱, 귀하의 모바일 장치와 관련된 기술 데이터 분석을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 통계 및/또는 분석상의 이유로 사용됩니다.
아래 "위치 정보" 섹션에 명시된 바와 같이 귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. 나중에 위치 정보 공유를 중단하려면 모바일 장치에서 관련 설정을 편집하여 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석
당사는 당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선할 수 있도록 모바일 분석 소프트웨어를 사용합니다. 이러한 소프트웨어는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치와 같은 정보를 기록할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사용자가 사용하는 통신사 및 네트워크의 분포를 이해하기 위해 통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형을 포함하여 귀하가 사용하는 네트워크에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. 또한 귀하가 선호하는 당사 서비스 이용 환경을 파악하기 위해 귀하가 연결하는 WiFi 네트워크의 이름, WiFi 네트워크의 위치, WiFi 연결 시간 등의 정보를 수집합니다.
위치 정보
귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
필수: 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대
선택 사항: 국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
이 정보는 사용자 분포 및 사용 시나리오를 이해하는 데 도움이 되며 사용자에게 올바른 버전의 앱, 지리적 위치의 재현 또는 사진을 찍거나 모든 동영상을 촬영하는 실시간 지리적 위치 게시를 제공할 수 있고 서비스를 개선합니다. 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않는 한 위치 데이터는 귀하를 개별적으로 식별하기 위해 획득되거나 사용되지 않습니다. 이 방침에서 별도로 명시된 경우를 제외하고, 당사는 이 위치 정보를 제3자와 공유하지 않습니다. 더 이상 당사가 그러한 정보를 수집하거나 사용하는 것을 원하지 않는 경우, 귀하는 인터넷 접속 또는 GPS를 끄거나 귀하의 네트워크, GPS 및 기기 정보에 대한 접근을 비활성화하면 됩니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용한 결과로 당사는 귀하의 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대와 같은 일부 위치 정보를 계속 수신할 수 있습니다.
로그 정보
귀하가 특정 콘텐츠 생성 및 브라우징을 포함하여 일부 서비스를 사용할 때 BeautyCam에 저장된 특정 관련 로그 정보("로그 정보")를 자동으로 수집합니다. 로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와 빈도에 대한 세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를 포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다. 본 로그 정보는 서비스를 개선하는 데 사용되며 사용자를 개별적으로 식별하는 데 사용되지 않습니다.
이미지 정보
당사 서비스의 클라우드 편집 기능을 사용하기로 선택함으로써 귀하는 귀하에게 그러한 서비스를 제공하고 지속적인 최적화를 위해 처리한 후에 처리된 사진을 귀하에게 반환하고자 귀하의 사진을 서버에 업로드해야 하고 또한 귀하의 장비에 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공하는 등 서비스를 더욱 최적화하기 위해 귀하의 사진에 대한 EXIF 데이터(EXIF 데이터에는 장비 제조사에 따라 사진을 촬영하고 처리한 GPS 좌표, 장비 종류, ISO, 전후방 카메라 정보, 생성 시간 등이 포함될 수 있음)를 수신함을 이해하고 동의합니다.
음성 안내
BeautyCam에서 마이크를 활성화함으로써 귀하는 비디오 편집을 위해 음성 데이터(예: 오디오 클립 또는 음성 녹음)를 수집할 수 있다는 데 동의하게 됩니다. 귀하의 음성 정보를 광고 목적으로 사용하지 않습니다. 장치의 운영 체제 설정을 사용하거나 장치의 마이크를 음소거하여 언제든지 장치의 마이크에 대한 BeautyCam의 액세스를 끌 수 있습니다.
메타데이터
메타데이터는 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련된 기술 데이터를 가리킵니다. 즉, 메타데이터는 데이터를 설명하는 데이터입니다. 예를 들어, 메타데이터는 컴퓨터 알고리즘과 인공 지능에 의해 생성되고 태깅된 사진 속 인물의 얼굴 특징, 성별, 연령, 인종 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에 대한 분석 결과를 설명할 수 있습니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 정확한 "얼굴 인식", "주요 지점 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 및 이러한 기본 기능의 조합을 기반으로 하는 기타 사용자 정의 기능을 포함한 특정 기능을 제공합니다. 당사는 당사 앱이 귀하의 사진을 처리할 때 귀하의 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 더 적합한 필터와 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공할 수 있습니다. 당사는 또한 메타데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 더 맥락상으로 관련된 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 특징 정보
특정 서비스를 제공하기 위해 위에서 언급한 메타데이터를 활용하는 것과 별도로 귀하의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)를 수집하고 얼굴 인식 기술을 사용하여 사진 및 카메라 경험에서 얼굴을 인식할 수 있습니다. 얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능을 제공하기 위해 얼굴 마크를 감지하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 당사 서비스는 얼굴 매핑 정보의 깊이와 관련하여 Apple의 ARKit 계산 결과를 활용할 수 있으며, 얼굴 이미지 처리 효과를 보장하고 알고리즘을 사용하여 특징 분석을 수행하기 위해 얼굴 인식 기능을 사용해야 할 수 있습니다. 당사가 수집한 정보는 특정 개인을 식별하는 데 사용할 수 없으며, 언급된 기능을 제공하기 위한 용도로만 사용됩니다. 콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시 얼굴 매핑 정보는 파기됩니다. 이 정보는 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다.
당사는 다른 목적으로 결과를 사용하거나 파일의 데이터를 캡처하거나 기록 목적으로 서버에 데이터를 업로드하지 않습니다.
쿠키
당사는 이용자 개개인에게 맞춤화된 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 이용자의 이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 '쿠키(cookie)'를 사용합니다. 쿠키란 앱/웹 사이트를 운영하는데 이용되는 서버가 이용자의 기기에 보내는 소량의 정보이며 이용자 기기 내의 하드디스크에도 저장됩니다. 귀하는 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다. 수집된 정보에는 귀하의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 공급자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
쿠키의 사용목적 : 쿠키는 이용자가 방문한 각 서비스 및 웹사이트에 대한 방문 및 이용형태, 인기 검색어, 보안접속 여부 등을 파악하여 이용자에게 최적화된 정보 제공을 위해 사용됩니다.
쿠키의 설치, 운영 및 거부: 사용자는
[compliance@meitu.com] (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)으로 이메일을 보내 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다.
이용자가 쿠키의 저장을 거부할 경우 맞춤형 서비스 이용에 어려움이 있을 수 있습니다.
광고 관련 정보
당사 및 당사의 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 당사 서비스 내에 광고를 포함할 수 있으며 귀하의 동의 하에 이러한 광고를 전달하고 추적할 목적으로 귀하의 광고 ID, 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소와 같은 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 장치에 광고 ID가 없는 경우 다른 영구 식별자를 사용할 수 있습니다. 또한 당사는 귀하의 앱목록에 액세스하고 귀하의 장기에 설치된 애플리케이션의 애플리케이션 패키지 이름을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 위의 정보를 사용하여 적합성, 언어, 지리적 위치 및 기타 세부 정보를 기반으로 광고를 더 잘 계산, 추적 및 제공할 수 있습니다. 관심 기반 광고를 거부하려면
[compliance@meitu.com]으로 이메일을 보내 거부할 수 있습니다.
관심 기반 광고를 선택 해제한 후에도 일반 광고는 계속 수신됩니다.
제3자 서비스가 수집하는 정보
귀하에게 제공되는 당사의 서비스에는 당사 서비스 제공자의 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스(API) 또는 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)가 포함될 수 있으며 이는 해당 서비스 제공자의 추적 도구가 있을 수 있습니다. 이러한 제3자는 당사 서비스에서 쿠키, API 및 SDK를 사용하고 사용자 정보를 수집 및 분석할 수 있습니다. 또한 일부 제3자 SDK는 귀하와 더 관련 있는 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해 광고주가 정보를 수집하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 제3자는 각자의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 장치 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치 정보 및 IP 주소와 같은 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 그러한 제3자에 대한 자세한 정보는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"이라고 인용하십시오)으로 이메일을 보내실 수 있습니다.
기타 정보
당사는 또한 귀하의 신원과 관련이 없는 기타 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 예를 들어, 당사는 시스템 업그레이드를 더 잘 파악하기 위해 귀하의 운영 체제 유형 및 버전 번호에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있고, 언어 적응을 위해 귀하의 시스템 언어에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있으며, 사용자 기본 설정을 파악하기 위해 귀하의 앱 목록을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사가 그러한 정보 수집을 하기로 선택한다면 귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 향상시킬 목적으로 수집하게 됩니다.
정보 사용 방법
위에 나열된 용도 외에도 다음 목적을 위해 사용자 정보 및 개인 정보를 수집하고 사용합니다.
(i)
서비스.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
(ii)
통계 분석.
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 제품 및 서비스 사용 통계를 개발 및 분석.
(iii)
계정 생성하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하여 계정을 생성할 때 수집하는 개인 정보는 귀하의 계정 및 프로필을 생성하는 데 사용됩니다.
(iv)
위치 기반 서비스를 제공하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 또는 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 귀하에게 광고, 올바른 서비스 버전을 제공하고 귀하가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻도록 돕기 위해 귀하의 위치 정보를 이용할 수 있습니다.
(v)
사용자 경험을 향상시키기.
사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 특정 옵션 기능을 통해 Meitu는 당사 제품 및 서비스 사용과 관련된 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을 향상시킬 수 있습니다.
(vi)
푸시 서비스를 제공하기.
당사는 장치 정보를 사용하여 광고 성능 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공을 평가하기 위해 푸시 서비스를 제공하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림을 제공할 수 있습니다.
(vii)
귀하의 신원 확인하기.
귀하가 계정에 로그인할 때 문자 메시지를 사용하여 귀하의 신원을 확인하면 귀하의 계정에 대한 무단 로그인을 방지할 수 있습니다.
(viii)
귀하로부터 피드백 수집.
귀하의 의견은 Meitu가 서비스를 개선하는 데 큰 도움이 됩니다. 귀하의 피드백을 추적하기 위해 Meitu는 귀하가 제공한 개인 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 연락하고 기록을 보관할 수 있습니다.
(ix)
기타 목적.
(ix)당사는 "당사가 수집하는 정보"에 따른 목적과 작업 운영, 정당한 이익 추구 및 법적 의무 충족을 위해 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집, 저장, 유지 및 사용할 것입니다(예: 연구(마케팅 조사 포함), 네트워크 및 정보 보안, 및 사기 방지).
정보 공유 및 공개
당사는 당사의 사업 활동을 돕기 위해 당사를 대신하여 서비스를 제공하는 제3자와 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스에는 다음이 포함될 수 있습니다:
(i)   주문 이행 및 패키지 배송;
(ii)  귀하에게 광고 제공;
(iii) 결제 처리;
(iv)  고객 서비스 제공;
(v)   구독 서비스 실행;
(vi)  연구 및 분석 수행; 및
(vii) 클라우드 컴퓨팅 인프라를 제공합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적을 제외하고 귀하의 개인 정보 전체 또는 일부를 제3자(당사의 서비스 제공업체 제외)와 공유하거나 공개하지 않습니다:
(i)   다른 사람이나 재산의 보안을 보호;
(ii)  사기 방지 또는 처리;
(iii) 당사의 정당한 권리와 이익을 보호;
(iv)  "당사가 수집하는 정보" 또는 "당사가 정보를 사용하는 방법" 섹션에 설명된 목적에 따라 조치 취함;
(v)  일반적으로 인터넷 보안과 당사, 당사 사용자 및 제3자의 권리, 재산 및 안전을 유지하기 위해 고안된 법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국, 법 집행 기관 또는 민간 단체의 요청을 준수; 및/또는
(vi)  합병, 인수, 자금조달 실사, 개편, 파산, 관리, 회사 자산 매각 또는 귀하의 정보가 매각 또는 이전될 수 있는 기타 사건에 관련된 거래를 평가하거나 완료합니다.
귀하의 정보 사용을 위한 근거
당사는 합법적인 근거가 있고 일반적으로 다음 4가지 법적 근거 중 하나에 의존하는 경우에만 개인 데이터를 수집하고 처리합니다
(i)동의(귀하가 동의한 경우);
(ii)계약(예: 사이트 운영 또는 귀하가 요청한 서비스 제공과 같이 귀하와의 계약 이행을 위해 처리가 필요한 경우);
(iii)정당한 이익(예: 귀하의 계정 보호, 고객 지원 제공을 포함하여 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 귀하의 정보를 사용해야 함). 당사는 그러한 이익이 귀하에 대한 영향에 의해 무시되지 않는 경우에만 우리의 정당한 이익을 법적 근거로 삼습니다(당사가 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않았거나 당사의 처리가 법에 의해 달리 요구되거나 허용되지 않는 한); 및
(iv)법적 의무(법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국 또는 법집행 기관의 요청을 준수하기 위해).
당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법을 대상으로 법적 근거에 관한 질문이 있는 경우
compliance@meitu.com 으로 문의주시기 바랍니다(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요).
제3자 웹사이트 및 서비스
당사 서비스에는 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스에 대한 링크가 포함될 수 있습니다. 또한 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스는 당사 서비스를 참조하거나 링크할 수 있습니다. 이러한 다른 도메인 및 웹사이트는 당사가 관리하지 않으며 당사는 제3자 웹사이트 또는 서비스에 대해 보증하거나 진술하지 않습니다. 당사는 상호작용하는 모든 웹사이트 및 서비스의 개인정보 보호정책을 사용자가 읽도록 권장합니다. 이러한 다른 웹사이트나 서비스를 방문하는 것은 귀하의 책임입니다.
정보 보안
당사는 정보의 유실, 부적절한 사용, 무단 접근 또는 공개를 방지하기 위해 합당한 조치를 취합니다. 예를 들어 당사 서비스 중 일부는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 암호화 기술(예: SSL)을 사용합니다. 그러나 (인터넷 업계에서) 합리적인 보안 조치를 취하더라도 귀하의 정보가 100% 안전하다고 항상 보장할 수는 없음을 귀하는 이해하고 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 당사에 제공한 정보의 보안을 보장하거나 보증할 수 없음을 이해하고 동의합니다. 당사는 의도하지 않은 공개에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 또한 귀하는 당사 서비스에 액세스하기 위해 귀하가 사용하는 시스템 및 통신 네트워크가 당사가 통제할 수 없는 요인으로 인해 실패할 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
정보 액세스 및 제어
당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하가 당사에 제공한 귀하의 개인 정보 또는 기타 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트 및 수정할 수 있도록 모든 합리적이고 적절한 기술적 조치를 취할 것입니다. 이러한 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트, 수정 또는 제거하기 전에 당사는 계정의 보안을 보호하기 위해 귀하의 신원을 확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다.
프라이버시 권리
준거법에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다: (i) 당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하고 있는지 확인을 요청; (ii) 귀하의 개인 정보에 대한 액세스 또는 사본을 획득; (iii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인 정보의 전자 사본을 받거나 해당 정보를 다른 회사로 보내도록 당사에 요청(데이터 이동에 대한 권리); (iv) 귀하의 개인 정보 사용에 반대하거나 제한; (v) 부정확하거나 사실이 아니거나 불완전하거나 부적절하게 처리된 개인 정보의 수정 또는 수정을 추구; (vi) 귀하의 동의를 철회; (vii) 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 당사가 귀하에 대해 보유한 개인 정보 삭제를 요청.
귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com 으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 이메일 또는 우편을 받고 나서 합리적인 기간 내에 준거법에 따라 귀하의 요청을 처리할 것이며, 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 중단할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 요청을 이행하기 전에 귀하의 신원을 확인하는 조치를 취할 것입니다. 귀하가 동의를 철회하거나 귀하의 개인 정보를 삭제하는 경우 당사 서비스의 일부 사용에 영향을 미칠 수 있음을 유의해 주시기 바랍니다.
캘리포니아 거주자는 캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법에 의해 부여된 권리 행사 시에 당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
아동에 대한 정보
당사는 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 기타 연령)의 아동으로부터 고의로 개인 정보를 수집하거나 요청하지 않습니다. 귀하가 만약 16세 미만인 경우 이름, 주소, 전화번호 또는 이메일 주소를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 개인 정보를 당사에 보내지 않도록 합니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만 아동에 대한 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 등기 우편을 보낼 수 있습니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 다른 연령)의 어린이로부터 개인 정보를 수집한 사실을 알게 되시면 즉시 해당 정보를 삭제하고 관련 계정을 종료하는 조치를 취하도록 하겠습니다.
국경 간 데이터 전송
귀하는 당사를 통해 또는 당사에 의해 수집된 모든 정보가 싱가포르, 중화인민공화국, 미국, 유럽 연합, 클라우드, 당사 서버, 당사 계열사의 서버 또는 당사 서비스 제공업체의 서버를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 전 세계 어디에서나 당사 서비스 제공을 위해 전송, 처리 및 저장될 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
캘리포니아 거주자인 경우
캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법(“CCPA”)은 캘리포니아 거주자에게 당사가 수집한 개인 정보의 범주에 대해 알 권리를 제공합니다.
개인정보의 범주
당사가 수집?
식별자
네
캘리포니아의 개인 정보 범주 리스트 소비자 기록 법령(Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
네
캘리포니아 또는 연방법에 따른 보호 등급의 특성
네
상업 정보
네
생체 정보
네
인터넷 활동 또는 전자 네트워크 활동 정보
네
지리적 위치 데이터
네
오디오, 전자, 시각, 열, 후각 또는 이와 유사한 정보
네
전문직 또는 고용 관련 정보
아니오
비공개 교육 정보 (가족 교육 권리 및 개인 정보 보호법 (20 USC Section 1232g, 34 CFR Part 99)에 따름)
아니오
다른 개인 정보에서 추론하여 프로필 작성
네
CCPA는 또한 캘리포니아 거주자에게 개인 정보 "판매"를 거부할 수 있는 권리를 제공합니다. CCPA에 따르면 "판매"란 가치가 있는 고려 대상으로서 제3자에게 개인 정보를 제공하는 것으로 광범위하게 정의됩니다. 이는 반드시 개인정보 양도와 금전을 교환한 것을 의미하는 것은 아닙니다.
CCPA의 목적상 "판매"에는 당사 서비스 또는 기타 사이트에 대상 광고를 제공하기 위해 대상 광고 서비스를 사용하는 것이 포함될 수 있습니다. 대부분의 모바일 애플리케이션과 마찬가지로 당사는 이러한 서비스를 사용하여 귀하에게 서비스 및 관련 혜택을 제공할 수 있습니다. 결과적으로 Meitu는 다음 범주의 개인 정보를 "판매"할 수 있습니다: 식별자(예: 광고 ID) 인터넷 활동; 지리적 위치 데이터 프로필을 생성하기 위해 도출된 추론 사항.
당사는 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자인 경우, 당사는 매년 귀하에게 전년도 동안 직접 마케팅을 목적으로 귀하의 개인 정보를 공개했거나 공유한 제3자 목록을 획득할 수 있는 기회를 무료로 제공할 것입니다. 귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자이고 본 목록을 받고자 하는 경우 "BeautyCam 앱 - 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보 보호 권리"라는 제목의 이메일을
compliance@meitu.com
으로 보내시거나 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 등기 우편을 보내주시기 바랍니다.
네바다 거주자인 경우
당사는 네바다 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
준거법
본 정책은 법률 조항의 충돌에 관계없이 중화인민공화국 홍콩특별행정구 법률에 따라 수립되고 발효되며 시행 및 해석됩니다. 이에 따라 발생하는 모든 분쟁은 서비스 약관에 따라 해결됩니다. 당사는 이 정책이 특정 관할권의 개인 정보 보호법을 준수함을 진술하거나 보증하지 않습니다. 따라서 귀하는 그러한 법률에 따라 이 정책을 해석해서는 안 됩니다.
본 정책의 개정
귀하는 관련 법규 및 당사의 비즈니스 결정에 따라 당사가 본 정책을 업데이트할 수 있다는 데 동의하며 귀하는 그러한 개정 사항을 따를 것에 동의합니다. 당사는 본 정책에 대한 중요한 변경 사항을 BeautyCam에 게시하거나 법에서 요구하는 다른 방법으로 귀하에게 통지할 것입니다.
일본 사용자의 경우
데이터 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 정지에 대한 권리
귀하가 일본에 있는 경우 데이터 주체로서 귀하는 개인 데이터의 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 중지를 요청할 권리가 있으며 당사는 과도 지체 없이 귀하의 요청에 응할 의무가 있습니다. 귀하는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)으로
이메일을 보내시거나 또는 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다.
한국 사용자의 경우
국제 데이터 전송
당사는 이용자의 개인정보를 '정보이용방법'에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며, 원칙적으로 이용자의 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 그러나 귀하의 동의가 있는 경우 귀하에게 정보 공유 및 공개에 설명된 당사 서비스를 제공하기 위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 수집, 전송 및 다른 곳에서 저장 및 처리할 수 있습니다.
전송된 개인 정보: 위의 본 정책의 "당사가 수집하는 정보" 섹션을 참조합니다
전송 날짜 및 방법: 보관 및 처리를 위해 제출 시 전송
개인정보가 전송되는 국가: 중화인민공화국
개인 정보 보유: 위의 본 정책의 "데이터 보유" 섹션을 참조합니다
또한, 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 대한민국 외부에 위치해 있는 다음 제3자에게 전송할 수 있습니다:
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
해당 제3자 플랫폼의 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기간 동안
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
귀하의 거주지 외부에서 정보를 공유할 때마다 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가 적절하게 보호되도록 정보 전송이 귀하의 현지 법률을 준수하도록 확인합니다.
귀하의 개인 정보가 한국 외부로 전송되는 것을 원하지 않는 경우 당사는 귀하에게 당사 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다.
또한 당사는 다음과 같은 제3자로부터 귀하의 개인 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
당사 계정이 종료될 때까지
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 다음의 절차와 방법에 따라 파기합니다.
1.파기절차 : 당사는 파기대상 개인정보를 선정하고 정보보호책임자의 승인을 받아 파기합니다.
2.파기방법 : 전자적으로 저장, 파일된 개인정보는 기록 재생이 불가능한 수단을 사용을 통해 삭제가 가능한 방식을 취해 파기합니다.
개인정보 보호 및 불만처리 담당부서
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com  (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)
개인정보처리방침 개정 내역
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.08]
사용자 동의서
1. 나는 아래 내용에 동의합니다.
2. 나는 14세 이상입니다. (필수)
3. 나는 이용 약관에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
4. 나는 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
5. 나는 특정 선택 기능에 대해 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다 (선택)
「지금 보기」
6. 나는 나의 민감정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
7. 나는 마케팅 목적으로 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
8. 나는 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전에 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
9. 나는 제3자로의 개인정보 해외 이전에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
1. 개인정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 (개인정보보호정책에 정의된) 제품 및 서비스 사용에 관한 통계 개발 및 분석
국제 이동 단말기 식별 번호 (이하 “IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자 (이하 “UDID”) 또는 안드로이드 ID, 범용 고유 식별자 (이하 “GUUID”), 광고 식별자 (이하 “IDFA”) 및 벤더 식별자 (이하 “IDFV”), 집적 회로 카드 식별자 (이하 “ICCID”), 매체 접근 제어(이하 “MAC”) 주소, 사용자 기기 유형, 운영체제 버전, 기기에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
모바일 분석: 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치
네트워크 정보: 운영자 이름, 네트워크 유형, 연결된 와이파이 네트워크 이름, 와이파이 네트워크 위치, 와이파이 연결 시간 등 사용 중인 네트워크에 대한 정보
로그 정보: 당사 서비스 사용 시점 및 빈도에 관한 상세 정보, 주요 운영 경로, 에러, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대 등을 포함하는 기기 통계
기타 정보: 사용자 운영체제 유형 및 버전 번호, 시스템 언어 및 애플리케이션 목록에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam에서 제공하는 서비스(서비스 약관에 정의됨)를 이용할 수 없습니다.
2.특정 선택 기능에 대한 개인정보 수집 및 이용
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
계정의 생성
이동전화번호, 기기 ID, 
                이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일, 위치
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스의 제공
네트워크 정보, IP 주소, 시스템 시간대, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
사용자 경험을 개선하기 위한 특정 선택 기능 사용(클라우드 편집 기능, "얼굴 인식", "키포인트 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 기능)
이미지 정보: EXIF 데이터
메타데이터: 사진 메타데이터
쿠키 사용: 사용자의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 제공자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영체제, 일시 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
3.민감정보의 수집 및 이용(선택)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
동영상 편집
음성 정보: 마이크 활성화 시 음성 데이터
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능 제공
얼굴 특징 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.   민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
4.(마케팅 목적의) 개인정보 수집 및 이용과 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
마케팅 및 광고
광고 ID, 지리상 위치, IP 주소, 애플리케이션 목록, 사용자 기기에 설치된 애플리케이션 패키지 이름
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam가 제공하는 일부 서비스(예: 맞춤형 광고)에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다(수집 및 이용 거부 시에도 BeautyCam 이용은 가능합니다).
5.제3자로의 개인정보 이전(필수)
정보 수신자의 신원 및 수신자 내 개인정보 담당자 연락처
수신자의 위치
수신자의 개인정보 이용 목적
이전되는 개인정보 항목
이전 시기 및 방법
수신자의 개인정보 보유 및 이용 기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Apple의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Google의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Meta Platforms의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
중화인민공화국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Tencent의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
귀하는 상기 개인정보의 필수 이전을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보 필수 이전을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam를 이용할 수 없습니다.
美颜相机个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2023年05月24日
生效日期：2023年05月30日
厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司及其关联方（即“我们”）作为美颜相机的运营者，会严格按照法律的规定，保护您的个人信息以及隐私安全，本个人信息保护政策（“本政策”）旨在向您说明，在使用美颜相机APP（以下称“产品”或
        “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
导言
我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。美颜相机客户端、网站、相关微信小程序或美颜相机于第三方平台建立的应用等（统称“美颜相机平台”），均适用于本《个人信息保护政策》，但我们收使用、共享您的个人信息方式、类型将可能根据您选择的不同美颜相机平台而有所不同，在此基础上，我们承诺对您个人信息收集、使用的最大限度不超过本《个人信息保护政策》的范畴。同时，但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用美颜相机中的美图证件照服务，对于您个人信息的保护，请参阅美图证件照的《美图证件照个人信息保护政策》。
下文将帮您详细了解我们如何收集、存储、使用、传输、提供、公开披露与保护个人信息；帮您了解查询、更正、补充、删除、复制、转移个人信息的方式。其中，
有关您个人信息权益的重要内容已用加粗斜体形式提示
，在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）注册、登录及使用美图账号
1、在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个美图账号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称
。
2、关于美图账号
美图账号可登录、使用美图公司旗下各APP（包括但不限于美图秀秀、美拍、美颜相机、海报工厂等），为满足您一致的服务体验，在您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时且自主选择使用已注册的美图账号的，该美图账号将会同步您的
昵称、头像、地区、性别
等您自主填写的公开信息；同步您的关注和粉丝等用户关系；同步您于美图社区发布的内容等。如您不希望上述内容被同步，请您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时选择其他注册、登录方式。
（二）用于实名认证
当您在申请提现、借钱等其他需要实名认证的功能或服务时，为满足法律法规的合规需求或合同签署之目的，保障您的财产安全等，需要您提供真实身份信息（如
真实姓名、身份证号码
等）以完成实名认证，上述信息为
敏感个人信息
，我们会对此进行严格保密，并不会将上述信息用于其他目的。同时，您也可拒绝提供上述信息，这将导致您无法使用需要实名认证的特定功能，但不影响您继续使用美颜相机其他功能或服务。在完成实名认证过程中，为保证信息真实性，我们可能委托提供认证服务的第三方认证机构核验您提供的认证信息。
（三）向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会按照实现安全保障需求的一定频率收集您的设备信息，包括
设备标识信息（指由设备制造商编入到设备以对其进行标识的一串字符，Android如IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、VAID、AAID，iOS如IDFV、IDFA，本政策中所指的“设备标识信息”均同本定义）、硬件序列号、MAC地址
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
（四）向您提供其他相关产品功能和/或服务
为实现以下各项产品功能和/或服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务。
1、客户服务。当您向美颜相机提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供
姓名、手机号码、电子邮件
及
其他有效的联系方式
等个人信息。
          如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
2、当您使用美颜相机中提供的自拍、特效、滤镜等工具拍摄并发布内容时，我们会根据您的操作及使用的工具类型使用传感器信息，以适配您所选用的工具。当您拍照或浏览内容时，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
3、美颜记忆服务。当您登录使用并调整美颜相机的美颜参数，例如调整了磨皮、大眼等参数，我们会记录您的调整记录，以便下次登录使用时直接给您适合的匹配参数，方便您的使用。
4、AI算法优化服务。当您使用相机和图片精修功能拍照时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
皮肤和五官参数
，这是为了实现AI算法优化，更准确快速反馈检测报告，使用次数越多，AI算法优化效果越好。这类信息是为提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
5、iOS人脸优化处理效果。我们的服务可能会利用iOS的 ARKit 和 TrueDepth
          应用程序接口中人脸映像深度相关资讯运算结果，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
6、问候服务：当您使用拍照功能时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
面部识别特征
，用以辨别您的性别，提供人性化的问候服务。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
7、美图证件照功能：当您使用美图证件照功能时，为了您获得符合您标准的证件照，我们会收集您的
人脸图像信息
用于证件照检测与制作，我们会收集您的电子邮箱，在证件照片制作完成后，我们将通过您的电子邮箱向您发送电子版证件照片。这类信息收集后将回传至我们的服务器，我们将对
人脸图像信息
进行处理以便生成最终证件照，我们承诺将会定期删除处理。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。
8、个性化展示服务。为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会基于收集的信息，
          对用户偏好进行特征分析和用户人群画像（该个性化推荐算法不会识别特定自然人的真实身份），
          以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，
          以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。为此，我们需要收集的信息包括您的
设备识标识信息、符合国家或行业团体标准的广告标识信息、地理位置信息（如GPS）、语言及时区、使用本产品浏览器型号、您的应用列表信息、获取运行中的进程信息
，其中精确的地理位置信息需要您的授权，若您拒绝授权位置权限会影响定位的准确性，我们将无法向您推送最为精确的个性化内容和广告，
          但不会影响其他功能与服务的正常使用，我们也仅会基于
网络信息（如IP）
对应的城市及/或区县向你展示可能相关的内容、服务和广告。
          如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过本协议明示的方式关闭该功能。
9、“摇一摇”这类依赖于动作开展的互动
当您进行“摇一摇”、“抖一抖”等依赖于动作开展的互动或活动时，我们会使用您的传感器信息，以识别您的动作，用于活动参与或为您展示下一步互动场景。
10、我们可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型、WLAN接入点（如SSID、BSSID）
，以实现在广告推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的，例如：当我们监测到您处于WIFI环境下，我们可能为您直接播放视频类广告内容；当我们检测您处于无网络、或弱移动网络的环境下，我们将仅为您推送您已经缓存于本地的广告内容。
11、维护产品安全及时排除故障。为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
EXIF数据、设备标识信息、操作日志信息
。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
12、保障账号安全。当您在使用修改密码、安全验证、申诉行为，且操作行为存在异常时，我们可能会要求您提供
有效身份信息
，以确保上述操作行为的安全性。此为个人敏感信息，我们将采取严格的保密措施，并不会向第三方进行共享。
13、用于互动分享和调起第三方支付等功能。如您在使用美颜美口令功能时，我们需要在本地访问您的
剪切板信息
，读取其中包含的美口令，以实现跳转完成会员兑换。我们仅在本地识别出剪切板信息属于美口令时，才会将其上传服务器。除此之外，我们将不会上传剪切板的其他信息至服务器。如您将美颜相机中内容分享至第三方平台时，我们会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方平台是否存在从而达成分享目的；如您使用美颜相机中支付功能时，我们也会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
14、医美体验馆功能。当您选择医美体验馆并使用拍照功能生成医美报告时，我们将会收集无法识别于您个人的五官参数，为您生成详细的医美体验前后对比报告。在该功能下，我们仅在服务端对相关数据进行分析并形成相应的报告，我们不会将相关数据回传至服务器，不会进行任何形式的存储，也不会将这些信息用于除此以外的任何其他目的，更不会将其提供给任何第三方。
15、水印记录功能。当您选择水印记录并使用打卡功能记录您的位置信息时，在您主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的
精准地理位置
信息以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限，可能会影响您的正常使用，但不影响您正常使用美颜相机的其他功能。
16、AI绘画：AI绘画功能的生成内容是以原始图像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI绘画功能时，您需要上传您的原始图像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
17、AI头像：AI头像功能的生成内容是以原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI头像功能时，在征得您单独同意的情况下，我们会将您上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
18、AI写真：AI写真功能的生成内容是以您主动上传的原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI写真功能时，我们会将您主动上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
19、AI换背景：AI换背景功能的生成内容是以您主动上传的原始图像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成新的背景图片，因此当您使用AI换背景功能时，我们会将您主动上传的原始图像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
20、消息通知：我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过短信中提供的退订方式或我们提供的其他方式进行退订。
在您开启通知权限的前提下，我们可能向您推送您关注的用户、内容及热点推荐等，如您不希望收到上述推荐，您可在手机系统设置中关闭美颜相机通知权限。
您也可以通过
《个人信息收集清单》
快速了解我们如何收集您的个人信息。
（四）我们可能从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
1、您使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）登录美颜相机时，可选择授权美颜相机在符合相关法律法规要求的前提下读取并获得
您在该第三方平台上登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括
              昵称、头像）
。
2、美颜相机需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美颜相机用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【设置—账号管理—绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
（五）美图基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用
1、如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供
个人有效身份信息
>以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
2、请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护美图及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方。
4、第三方商家。当您使用美颜相机时，您可能会浏览到由第三方商家共享的商品信息，若您对该商品有兴趣，您可以在商品页面手动输入您的姓名、电话号码、电子邮件、QQ号、微信号、性别、地址、生日（具体输入信息种类视实际页面为准）等用于商家回访的相关信息，商家将可能会对您进行回访，以便确认您的购卖意向。
请您特别注意，您一旦主动输入并提交上述信息，即视为您已经同意将上述信息共享给第三方商家用于回访之目的应用，如您认为所填写信息与回访无关，您可以拒绝填写，同时，我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）不对您主动填写的信息的真实性负责，因信息不实造成的任何损失与纠纷，由您自行承担责任，与我司无关。
5、与我们的关联公司共享：我们为您所提供的产品/服务大多是无法单独完成的，因此您的个人信息可能会与我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）的关联公司进行共享，我们只会在为实现向您提供本产品相关功能和服务的目的下共享必要的个人信息且受本个人信息保护政策所声明目的的约束。关联公司若要改变个人信息的处理目的，将再次征求您的同意。我们的关联公司包括：厦门美图网科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图之家科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图移动科技有限公司及其分、子公司等。我司及我司关联公司合称“美图”。
（二）向合作方共享个人信息
仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将委托由授权的合作伙伴提供（我们会与授权的合作伙根据法律规定签署相关处理协议，并对其个人信息使用活动进行监督），如推广服务、借钱服务、游戏服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务、电商平台合作、运营商计费充值服务。美图仅提供广告合作或接入跳转服务，您需要在使用合作方产品或功能前仔细阅读合作方的用户协议和隐私政策再进行使用。仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的个人信息保护政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
1）广告服务类合作伙伴。
A.
功能类型：广告归因。
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商（例如秒针）和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 广告主评估广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主自行处理以判断广告转化的用户来源、广告转化的效果等，支撑其商业决策。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理数据，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障隐私安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
B.
功能类型： 程序化广告推送
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主进行程序化广告推送
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主通过自动化方式自行决策是否下发广告。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护政策的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
C.
功能类型： 优化广告投放效果
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主提升广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主对数据进行分析并优化其广告投放的模型、策略等，提升广告投放的效果以及用户的体验。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
注：上文所列的IDFA均为 iOS 14.5之前版本的信息
2）功能类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机的迪奥AI彩妆师功能时，我们会收集您使用本功能时的浏览试妆行为，并将您使用本功能所必要的个人信息（如
您的用户设备ID、美图账号ID、手机号码，使用本功能的浏览试妆行为以及妆容收藏、产品详情点击数据
）共享给路威酩轩香水化妆品（上海）有限公司旗下Parfums Christian
          Dior（“Dior”），以实现您获取五官分析、妆容定制、更有针对性地向您推荐产品以及实现您购买产品、申请小样、售后服务与发送信息，促使其可以完成后续的客户沟通、售后服务等。
具体请您仔细阅读Dior的
《个人信息处理规则》
，以了解Dior将如何收集、使用、保存并保护您的个人信息。
3）技术支持类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机时，在具体功能应用场景需要合作伙伴提供相关技术支持，我们的应用中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的SDK或其他类似的应用程序。合作方浙江每日互动网络科技股份有限公司需要共享您的
设备信息、软件安装列表、网络及位置信息
，其目的是帮助分析您的兴趣爱好，实现更准确画像标签，从而为您提供符合您需求的信息，节省您的内容搜索时间。如您在美化图片时希望使用带有地理位置信息的水印素材，需要将您的设备标识信息和地理位置信息共享给百度地图运营方；当您使用产品中支付功能时，需要将您的
唯一设备识别码
共享给支付宝或微信运营方。如您使用华为/小米/魅族手机时，相关手机硬件厂商需要读取您的
设备识别码、联网相关信息
，用于推送/下发通知栏消息。
4）运营商业务信息共享：在美图和运营商（移动、联通、电信）的合作业务中，美图可能会向运营商共享您的
手机号
，用于用户身份识别和会员服务购买扣费。
5）游戏合作方：当您在美颜相机中使用由第三方提供的游戏业务时，我们可能会向游戏合作伙伴（游戏开发商、游戏发行商等）共享您的
身份证号信息、及是否通过公安部的实名验证
，以便协助游戏合作伙伴落实实名注册制度，并有效防止未成年人沉迷网络游戏。
我们还可能向游戏合作伙伴共享您的付款信息，以便于游戏合作方识别充值用户，用于为充值用户进一步提供充值后的增值服务。
为运行游戏之需要，或在运行游戏中请求广告参数，我们可能会向游戏合作方共享您的部分个人信息。我司合作的游戏合作方包括：深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司（QQ小游戏），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享
设备标识信息、地理位置信息、IP地址、传感器信息、网络类型
；如果您不同意共享上述信息，您将无法享受到我们的游戏服务。
6）钱包功能：钱包功能中的部分服务由我们的合作方提供。借钱业务由贷款服务商（如北京微聚未来科技有限公司、北京微聚智汇科技有限公司、辽宁自贸试验区（营口片区）桔子数字科技有限公司、百融云创科技股份有限公司、重庆市崇天小额贷款有限公司，根据业务发展可能会有所调整） 提供，当您使用该服务时，我们会向贷款服务商共享符合该服务所必要的个人信息，具体以您使用借钱服务时同意的
《个人信息使用授权协议》
为准。旧手机换钱服务由北京友传网络科技有限公司提供，我们会向其共享您的用户uid，用于快速登录。
7）技术支持类合作伙伴：为我们提供技术分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集相关个人信息用于实现其所支持的服务。同时，还有提供分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。
8）联合会员服务：为帮助您顺利领取美颜相机紫钻VIP和合作商会员等相关权益，我们会收集您的
手机号码
，并将您的手机号码提供给开展联名会员服务的合作商，以确保合作商可将相关权益发放至您前述手机号码绑定的合作商平台账号下。
（三）我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》
。
（四）委托处理
对于委托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与受托人约定委托处理的目的、期限、处理方式、个人信息的种类、保护措施以及双方的权利和义务等，并对受托人的个人信息处理活动进行监督。
（五）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（六）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（七）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的授权同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1) 为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3)
          为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4)
          为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5)
          依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像、地区、生日等进行访问和更正。
2、账号信息访问与更正——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定、注销账号等信息。
3、关闭定向推送——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【设置】-【隐私与通知】中关闭定向推送功能（包括个性化展示和个性化广告推荐）。
4、在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
2) 我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
3) 您撤回同意的；
4) 我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
5) 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从美图获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
（二）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（三）基本模式的使用
拍摄、图片美化、人像美容是美颜相机的基本功能。如果您仅希望使用美颜相机为您提供的编辑、调色等无需个人信息即可使用的基本拍摄、美颜功能，可选择进入基本功能模式。您在使用基本功能模式时，将无法使用完整的功能。同时，您将无法体验美颜相机为您提供的注册/登录、信息发布、互动交流、活动参与等丰富的服务。在基本功能模式下，美颜相机不会上传任何可识别到您个人的个人信息。
（四）注销帐户
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中进行账号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理账号中的资产后，为您提供账号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（五）关闭个性化推荐
您可在【设置】-【通用】-【个性化选项】-【个性化内容推荐】进行。选择关闭个性化推荐时，我们将在您关闭后停止向您推送个性化内容和广告，但您收到的推荐内容和广告的总量不会变化。
（六）个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
（七）对于您的权利要求的响应
为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市同安区滨海西大道2557号美峰创谷2号楼美图大厦（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
此处仅为权限相关说明，我们将可能在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可在设备的设置功能中关闭您已授权的权限。拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。
APP权限
权限与获取信息描述
权限使用目的及业务场景
网络访问权限（android）
访问网络信息（包括运营商信息、网络状态、wifi信息）
用于下载素材和资源。
电话权限
读取手机状态
读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于识别用户、保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）、保存游戏进度（当用户选择使用第三方提供的游戏服务时）、第三方广告投放。
存储权限（写入）
写入外部存储
用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、视频保存到本地等的文件保存功能。
地理位置权限
接收卫星的定位信息
获取精确位置地理位置的权限。用于用户带有地理位置的水印、素材的获取、第三方广告投放。在用户主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的地理位置以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限。
录音权限
录制声音
用于美颜相机的视频录制功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、电音特效相机中的拍视频功能。
相机权限
允许使用相机
用于产品的拍照、视频录制的功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、超清人像相机、大头贴、发型管家、美老师证件照相机、电音特效相机中的拍照、视频录制功能。
蓝牙服务
允许使用蓝牙服务
使用蓝牙权限。用于自拍杆功能。
存储权限（读取）
读取外部存储
读取本地图片、视频、游戏包等文件，用于帮助用户进行图片、视频美化、游戏包正常下载和存储。
通知权限
向用户发送通知
向用户推送平台活动、营销信息等。
未知来源安装权限（android）
允许应用程序请求安装包
用于用户下载游戏安装包
拨打电话权限（android）
允许应用程序在不通过拔号盘界面的情况下发起电话呼叫
用于直接拨打电话
Sub-policy 6
https://pro.meitu.com/meiyan/agreements/privacy_policy_history/privacy_policy-2023-05-31.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 31 May 2023
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via email at
[global.support@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (“OAID”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. The information we collect will not be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
When you use the ChatGPT integrated features in BeautyCam, we may collect and process personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[global.support@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers (including but not limited to Open AI), in order to provide our
        Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), you will find the relevant details on the processing of your personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and
          processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
https://openai.com/privacy-policy
Provision of ChatGPT integrated features
Personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside
        of South Korea, we will be unable to provide you with our products or
        Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 08/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 22/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 04/05/2023)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that we may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information from the photos or images
        you provide. We may use such information to verify your identity, to provide and improve the Service, and for our
        internal research purposes. If your biometric information is subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy
        Act, we will delete your biometric information within three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
          information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
correct your personal information;
request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal
          information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly
          significant effects concerning you;
request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote
            “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will
        process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by
        informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
        California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time)
        (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
        collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service
        provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
                    Purpose
Identifiers
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e))
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Commercial information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Biometric information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Sensory data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g, 34
                C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state
                identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or
                credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials
                allowing access to an account
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical
                beliefs, or union membership
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless
                Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
        using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How We
        Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will retain
        personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
        nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for “cross-context
        behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have actual knowledge of any
        “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral
        advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
To provide the Services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
          integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible
          for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve, upgrade, or
          enhance our Services or devices.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights
        conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted
        under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
        verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Examples of
        our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with
        you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
        your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your designated
        agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
        GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
        personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information on
        our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
Information on the controller
Identity and contact details of the controller
Meitu (China) Limited
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Identity and contact details of the controller’s representative
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Meitu (China) Limited
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Information on the processing of personal data
Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information between your
                terminal device and the applications’ server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content accessed, the
                content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not a statutory or
                contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the
                data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Unique
                Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID), User ID (UID), Identifier for
                Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated
                Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type
                of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and
                resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include information
                such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage,
                performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the location
                of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and system time
                zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device
                statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS coordinates
                where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the front and rear cameras
                and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
                photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial mapping
                information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
                referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced when the
                token is expired (after 30 days).
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
Personal data that is included in the text inputs and the generated outputs.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
                geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information,
                IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for the
                purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of our Services
                and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse data
                regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or
                providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to assist in
                law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
                controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with any failure
                of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used for the
                provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing, website
                fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision of our
                websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of incidents (e.g. DDoS
                attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third
            countries and/or international organizations
Recipient
Recipient’s role
Transfers to third countries and/or international organisations
Adequacy decision or appropriate or suitable safeguards for transfers to third countries and/or
                  international organisations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Information on the use of cookies or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
        storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
        of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or your
        device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or a
        website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie and
        the information it contains can be retrieved.
a)
First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
        cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or by a
                processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website that are
                not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b)
Transient
            and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser is closed
c)
Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
        distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested by a
                participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
Management of the cookies
            used in our app and on our website
a)
Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the
            data protection settings of our app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
        your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in the
        information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
        However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b)
Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different browsers
        have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
        you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
Cookies used in our app and
            on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired
                (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days)
No
Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
          I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
        your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on the
        processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in Art. 15
        GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
        your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information listed
        in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the categories of
        personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have
        been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR, which can be accessed
        using the following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to
            rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
        inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR, which can be accessed using the
        following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to erasure
            (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions provided
        in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to erase
        your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR applies. This
        can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they
        were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of
        any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one of
        the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is necessary
        for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
        (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR,
        which can be accessed using the following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to restriction of
            processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
        GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy of
        the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify the
        accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
        (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR, which can be accessed
        using the following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
        hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
        processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR, which can be accessed using
        the following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
        object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the
          particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling based
        on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
        GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
        GDPR Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and
        freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR, which can be accessed using the
        following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to
        such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes
        in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR, which can be accessed using the
        following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to withdraw
              consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
        pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
        processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
        consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
Right to lodge a complaint
              with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions provided
        in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authority responsible for us is:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in
              this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General Data
        Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR, which
        can be downloaded from the following link:
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
        Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
        natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly
        or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data,
        an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
        cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
        which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on
        personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
        organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
        transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
        destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
        the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse
        or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
        preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
        where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the
        specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
        body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may
        receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall
        not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with
        the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
        other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or
        processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
        governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement between
        two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
        (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
개인 정보 보호 정책
최종 수정일: 2022년 12월 22일
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다.
Meitu (China) Limited (
“당사”
,
“당사를”
또는
“당사의”
)는 사용자(
“사용자”
또는
“귀하”
)의 개인 정보를 보호하고자 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호 정책(이
"정책"
)은 당사가 해당 데이터 보호법에 따라 컨트롤러 및/또는 비즈니스로서 모든 기능을 포함하여 BeautyCam 애플리케이션을 사용하는 동안 귀하의 사용자 정보(귀하의 개인 정보 포함)를 수집, 저장, 사용, 관리 및 보호하는 방법에 관한 당사의 관행을 설명하기 위한 것입니다(당사
"서비스"
).
본 정책의 범위는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사가 수집하거나 수신한 귀하의 사용자 정보(개인 정보 포함)로만 제한된다는 점에 유의하시기 바랍니다. 이 정책에서
"개인 정보"
는 수집된 정보와 관련된 개인을 식별, 연락 또는 위치 확인에 사용할 수 있는 모든 정보 또는 정보 조합을 의미합니다. 이러한 개인 정보에는 귀하의 이름, 성별, 전화번호, 이메일 주소, 생년월일, 이미지, 지리적 위치, 개인 식별 번호 및 식별 가능한 생물학적 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 이 정책과 이 정책에 제공된 방식으로 개인 정보를 포함한 사용자 정보의 수집, 사용, 처리, 보유, 공개 및 공유함에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 정책의 조건 또는 이 정책에 대한 후속 변경 사항에 동의하지 않는 경우 당사 서비스 사용을 재고해 주시기 바랍니다.
특정 범주의 데이터를 제공은 필수 사항입니다(수집 시 지정된 대로). 필수 표시된 데이터를 충분히 제공하지 않는 경우 등록 절차를 완료하거나 서비스를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다. 또한, 본 정책에서 용어를 정의하지 않는 한, 본 정책에서 사용된 모든 대문자 용어는 서비스 약관에서와 동일한 의미를 가집니다. 따라서 서비스 약관을 읽고 이해했는지 확인하세요.
본 정책 또는 개인 정보 보호 관련 문제에 대해 질문이 있는 경우 이메일
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)
또는 등기 우편(Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong < 주의: Meitu 법률 부서 >)을 통해 데이터 보호 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다. 개인 정보 또는 지적 재산권 침해와 관련되지 않은 기타 모든 문의, 피드백, 제안 및/또는 불만 사항(구독 취소, 지불 분쟁, 환불 요청 및 BeautyCam의 기술 지원을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)에 대해서는
[compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 통해 당사에 연락해야 합니다. (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)].
귀하의 이메일이 잘못된 주제와 관련하여 잘못된 이메일 주소로 전송될 시 해당 요청이 제대로 처리되지 못하거나 지연될 수 있습니다.
수집하는 정보
당사 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 당사는 본 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보를 수집하고 처리합니다. 귀하가 이 정보를 제공하지 않으면 Meitu는 귀하에게 제품이나 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다. 귀하는 당사에 제출된 모든 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보가 완전하고 정확하며 진실되고 올바른지 확인해야 합니다. 귀하가 그렇게 하지 않으면 당사가 귀하에게 당사 서비스의 전부 또는 일부를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다.
계정 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 서비스 및 모든 해당 기능을 최대한 활용하기 위해 당사 계정에 가입하는 것이 좋습니다. 귀하가 계정을 만들 때 당사는 다음 정보를 수집하고 이는 귀하를 식별하거나 귀하에게 서비스를 제공하는 데 이용될 수 있습니다.
필수 : 휴대전화번호, 기기ID
선택 사항: 이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일 및 위치
누구나 당사 서비스에 액세스할 수 있지만 특정 서비스("가입 서비스")는 가입비가 필요한 경우가 있습니다(예:프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스, 광고 권한 누리기 등). 구독 서비스에서 구매하기로 선택한 경우 장치 ID와 같은 특정 개인 식별 정보를 수집합니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서는 거래 및 갱신을 처리할 목적으로 귀하의 금융 정보 및 청구 주소를 수신, 액세스 또는 사용할 수 있습니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서를 통해 콘텐츠를 구입했거나 구독 서비스에 가입한 경우 모든 구매에 대해 어떻게 개인 금융 정보를 유지하고 사용하는 지 이에 대한 정보는 해당 제3자의 약관을 참조해야 합니다. 당사는 의심의 여지를 없애기 위해 귀하로부터 어떠한 금융 정보도 수집하지 않습니다.
모바일 장치 정보
모바일 장치에서 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 국제 모바일 장비 ID(“IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자(“UDID”) 또는 Android ID, 범용 고유 식별자(“GUUID”), 광고 식별자(“IDFA”) 및 공급업체 식별자(“IDFV”)를 포함하여 집적 회로 카드 식별자(“ICCID”), 미디어 액세스 제어(“MAC”) 사용하는 장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치 및 해상도에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록를 수집하며 이는 당사의 서비스 및 그래픽 적응을 최적화하기 위해 당사의 기술적 기능, 서버 로드 밸런싱, 귀하의 모바일 장치와 관련된 기술 데이터 분석을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 통계 및/또는 분석상의 이유로 사용됩니다.
아래 "위치 정보" 섹션에 명시된 바와 같이 귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. 나중에 위치 정보 공유를 중단하려면 모바일 장치에서 관련 설정을 편집하여 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석
당사는 당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선할 수 있도록 모바일 분석 소프트웨어를 사용합니다. 이러한 소프트웨어는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치와 같은 정보를 기록할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사용자가 사용하는 통신사 및 네트워크의 분포를 이해하기 위해 통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형을 포함하여 귀하가 사용하는 네트워크에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. 또한 귀하가 선호하는 당사 서비스 이용 환경을 파악하기 위해 귀하가 연결하는 WiFi 네트워크의 이름, WiFi 네트워크의 위치, WiFi 연결 시간 등의 정보를 수집합니다.
위치 정보
귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
필수: 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대
선택 사항: 국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
이 정보는 사용자 분포 및 사용 시나리오를 이해하는 데 도움이 되며 사용자에게 올바른 버전의 앱, 지리적 위치의 재현 또는 사진을 찍거나 모든 동영상을 촬영하는 실시간 지리적 위치 게시를 제공할 수 있고 서비스를 개선합니다. 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않는 한 위치 데이터는 귀하를 개별적으로 식별하기 위해 획득되거나 사용되지 않습니다. 이 방침에서 별도로 명시된 경우를 제외하고, 당사는 이 위치 정보를 제3자와 공유하지 않습니다. 더 이상 당사가 그러한 정보를 수집하거나 사용하는 것을 원하지 않는 경우, 귀하는 인터넷 접속 또는 GPS를 끄거나 귀하의 네트워크, GPS 및 기기 정보에 대한 접근을 비활성화하면 됩니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용한 결과로 당사는 귀하의 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대와 같은 일부 위치 정보를 계속 수신할 수 있습니다.
로그 정보
귀하가 특정 콘텐츠 생성 및 브라우징을 포함하여 일부 서비스를 사용할 때 BeautyCam에 저장된 특정 관련 로그 정보("로그 정보")를 자동으로 수집합니다. 로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와 빈도에 대한 세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를 포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다. 본 로그 정보는 서비스를 개선하는 데 사용되며 사용자를 개별적으로 식별하는 데 사용되지 않습니다.
이미지 정보
당사 서비스의 클라우드 편집 기능을 사용하기로 선택함으로써 귀하는 귀하에게 그러한 서비스를 제공하고 지속적인 최적화를 위해 처리한 후에 처리된 사진을 귀하에게 반환하고자 귀하의 사진을 서버에 업로드해야 하고 또한 귀하의 장비에 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공하는 등 서비스를 더욱 최적화하기 위해 귀하의 사진에 대한 EXIF 데이터(EXIF 데이터에는 장비 제조사에 따라 사진을 촬영하고 처리한 GPS 좌표, 장비 종류, ISO, 전후방 카메라 정보, 생성 시간 등이 포함될 수 있음)를 수신함을 이해하고 동의합니다.
음성 안내
BeautyCam에서 마이크를 활성화함으로써 귀하는 비디오 편집을 위해 음성 데이터(예: 오디오 클립 또는 음성 녹음)를 수집할 수 있다는 데 동의하게 됩니다. 귀하의 음성 정보를 광고 목적으로 사용하지 않습니다. 장치의 운영 체제 설정을 사용하거나 장치의 마이크를 음소거하여 언제든지 장치의 마이크에 대한 BeautyCam의 액세스를 끌 수 있습니다.
메타데이터
메타데이터는 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련된 기술 데이터를 가리킵니다. 즉, 메타데이터는 데이터를 설명하는 데이터입니다. 예를 들어, 메타데이터는 컴퓨터 알고리즘과 인공 지능에 의해 생성되고 태깅된 사진 속 인물의 얼굴 특징, 성별, 연령, 인종 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에 대한 분석 결과를 설명할 수 있습니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 정확한 "얼굴 인식", "주요 지점 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 및 이러한 기본 기능의 조합을 기반으로 하는 기타 사용자 정의 기능을 포함한 특정 기능을 제공합니다. 당사는 당사 앱이 귀하의 사진을 처리할 때 귀하의 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 더 적합한 필터와 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공할 수 있습니다. 당사는 또한 메타데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 더 맥락상으로 관련된 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 특징 정보
특정 서비스를 제공하기 위해 위에서 언급한 메타데이터를 활용하는 것과 별도로 귀하의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)를 수집하고 얼굴 인식 기술을 사용하여 사진 및 카메라 경험에서 얼굴을 인식할 수 있습니다. 얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능을 제공하기 위해 얼굴 마크를 감지하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 당사 서비스는 얼굴 매핑 정보의 깊이와 관련하여 Apple의 ARKit 계산 결과를 활용할 수 있으며, 얼굴 이미지 처리 효과를 보장하고 알고리즘을 사용하여 특징 분석을 수행하기 위해 얼굴 인식 기능을 사용해야 할 수 있습니다. 당사가 수집한 정보는 특정 개인을 식별하는 데 사용할 수 없으며, 언급된 기능을 제공하기 위한 용도로만 사용됩니다. 콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시 얼굴 매핑 정보는 파기됩니다. 이 정보는 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다.
당사는 다른 목적으로 결과를 사용하거나 파일의 데이터를 캡처하거나 기록 목적으로 서버에 데이터를 업로드하지 않습니다.
쿠키
당사는 이용자 개개인에게 맞춤화된 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 이용자의 이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 '쿠키(cookie)'를 사용합니다. 쿠키란 앱/웹 사이트를 운영하는데 이용되는 서버가 이용자의 기기에 보내는 소량의 정보이며 이용자 기기 내의 하드디스크에도 저장됩니다. 귀하는 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다. 수집된 정보에는 귀하의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 공급자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
쿠키의 사용목적 : 쿠키는 이용자가 방문한 각 서비스 및 웹사이트에 대한 방문 및 이용형태, 인기 검색어, 보안접속 여부 등을 파악하여 이용자에게 최적화된 정보 제공을 위해 사용됩니다.
쿠키의 설치, 운영 및 거부: 사용자는
[compliance@meitu.com] (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)으로 이메일을 보내 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다.
이용자가 쿠키의 저장을 거부할 경우 맞춤형 서비스 이용에 어려움이 있을 수 있습니다.
광고 관련 정보
당사 및 당사의 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 당사 서비스 내에 광고를 포함할 수 있으며 귀하의 동의 하에 이러한 광고를 전달하고 추적할 목적으로 귀하의 광고 ID, 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소와 같은 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 장치에 광고 ID가 없는 경우 다른 영구 식별자를 사용할 수 있습니다. 또한 당사는 귀하의 앱목록에 액세스하고 귀하의 장기에 설치된 애플리케이션의 애플리케이션 패키지 이름을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 위의 정보를 사용하여 적합성, 언어, 지리적 위치 및 기타 세부 정보를 기반으로 광고를 더 잘 계산, 추적 및 제공할 수 있습니다. 관심 기반 광고를 거부하려면
[compliance@meitu.com]으로 이메일을 보내 거부할 수 있습니다.
관심 기반 광고를 선택 해제한 후에도 일반 광고는 계속 수신됩니다.
제3자 서비스가 수집하는 정보
귀하에게 제공되는 당사의 서비스에는 당사 서비스 제공자의 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스(API) 또는 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)가 포함될 수 있으며 이는 해당 서비스 제공자의 추적 도구가 있을 수 있습니다. 이러한 제3자는 당사 서비스에서 쿠키, API 및 SDK를 사용하고 사용자 정보를 수집 및 분석할 수 있습니다. 또한 일부 제3자 SDK는 귀하와 더 관련 있는 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해 광고주가 정보를 수집하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 제3자는 각자의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 장치 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치 정보 및 IP 주소와 같은 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 그러한 제3자에 대한 자세한 정보는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"이라고 인용하십시오)으로 이메일을 보내실 수 있습니다.
기타 정보
당사는 또한 귀하의 신원과 관련이 없는 기타 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 예를 들어, 당사는 시스템 업그레이드를 더 잘 파악하기 위해 귀하의 운영 체제 유형 및 버전 번호에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있고, 언어 적응을 위해 귀하의 시스템 언어에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있으며, 사용자 기본 설정을 파악하기 위해 귀하의 앱 목록을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사가 그러한 정보 수집을 하기로 선택한다면 귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 향상시킬 목적으로 수집하게 됩니다.
정보 사용 방법
위에 나열된 용도 외에도 다음 목적을 위해 사용자 정보 및 개인 정보를 수집하고 사용합니다.
(i)
서비스.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
(ii)
통계 분석.
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 제품 및 서비스 사용 통계를 개발 및 분석.
(iii)
계정 생성하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하여 계정을 생성할 때 수집하는 개인 정보는 귀하의 계정 및 프로필을 생성하는 데 사용됩니다.
(iv)
위치 기반 서비스를 제공하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 또는 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 귀하에게 광고, 올바른 서비스 버전을 제공하고 귀하가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻도록 돕기 위해 귀하의 위치 정보를 이용할 수 있습니다.
(v)
사용자 경험을 향상시키기.
사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 특정 옵션 기능을 통해 Meitu는 당사 제품 및 서비스 사용과 관련된 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을 향상시킬 수 있습니다.
(vi)
푸시 서비스를 제공하기.
당사는 장치 정보를 사용하여 광고 성능 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공을 평가하기 위해 푸시 서비스를 제공하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림을 제공할 수 있습니다.
(vii)
귀하의 신원 확인하기.
귀하가 계정에 로그인할 때 문자 메시지를 사용하여 귀하의 신원을 확인하면 귀하의 계정에 대한 무단 로그인을 방지할 수 있습니다.
(viii)
귀하로부터 피드백 수집.
귀하의 의견은 Meitu가 서비스를 개선하는 데 큰 도움이 됩니다. 귀하의 피드백을 추적하기 위해 Meitu는 귀하가 제공한 개인 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 연락하고 기록을 보관할 수 있습니다.
(ix)
기타 목적.
(ix)당사는 "당사가 수집하는 정보"에 따른 목적과 작업 운영, 정당한 이익 추구 및 법적 의무 충족을 위해 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집, 저장, 유지 및 사용할 것입니다(예: 연구(마케팅 조사 포함), 네트워크 및 정보 보안, 및 사기 방지).
정보 공유 및 공개
당사는 당사의 사업 활동을 돕기 위해 당사를 대신하여 서비스를 제공하는 제3자와 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스에는 다음이 포함될 수 있습니다:
(i)   주문 이행 및 패키지 배송;
(ii)  귀하에게 광고 제공;
(iii) 결제 처리;
(iv)  고객 서비스 제공;
(v)   구독 서비스 실행;
(vi)  연구 및 분석 수행; 및
(vii) 클라우드 컴퓨팅 인프라를 제공합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적을 제외하고 귀하의 개인 정보 전체 또는 일부를 제3자(당사의 서비스 제공업체 제외)와 공유하거나 공개하지 않습니다:
(i)   다른 사람이나 재산의 보안을 보호;
(ii)  사기 방지 또는 처리;
(iii) 당사의 정당한 권리와 이익을 보호;
(iv)  "당사가 수집하는 정보" 또는 "당사가 정보를 사용하는 방법" 섹션에 설명된 목적에 따라 조치 취함;
(v)  일반적으로 인터넷 보안과 당사, 당사 사용자 및 제3자의 권리, 재산 및 안전을 유지하기 위해 고안된 법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국, 법 집행 기관 또는 민간 단체의 요청을 준수; 및/또는
(vi)  합병, 인수, 자금조달 실사, 개편, 파산, 관리, 회사 자산 매각 또는 귀하의 정보가 매각 또는 이전될 수 있는 기타 사건에 관련된 거래를 평가하거나 완료합니다.
귀하의 정보 사용을 위한 근거
당사는 합법적인 근거가 있고 일반적으로 다음 4가지 법적 근거 중 하나에 의존하는 경우에만 개인 데이터를 수집하고 처리합니다
(i)동의(귀하가 동의한 경우);
(ii)계약(예: 사이트 운영 또는 귀하가 요청한 서비스 제공과 같이 귀하와의 계약 이행을 위해 처리가 필요한 경우);
(iii)정당한 이익(예: 귀하의 계정 보호, 고객 지원 제공을 포함하여 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 귀하의 정보를 사용해야 함). 당사는 그러한 이익이 귀하에 대한 영향에 의해 무시되지 않는 경우에만 우리의 정당한 이익을 법적 근거로 삼습니다(당사가 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않았거나 당사의 처리가 법에 의해 달리 요구되거나 허용되지 않는 한); 및
(iv)법적 의무(법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국 또는 법집행 기관의 요청을 준수하기 위해).
당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법을 대상으로 법적 근거에 관한 질문이 있는 경우
compliance@meitu.com 으로 문의주시기 바랍니다(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요).
제3자 웹사이트 및 서비스
당사 서비스에는 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스에 대한 링크가 포함될 수 있습니다. 또한 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스는 당사 서비스를 참조하거나 링크할 수 있습니다. 이러한 다른 도메인 및 웹사이트는 당사가 관리하지 않으며 당사는 제3자 웹사이트 또는 서비스에 대해 보증하거나 진술하지 않습니다. 당사는 상호작용하는 모든 웹사이트 및 서비스의 개인정보 보호정책을 사용자가 읽도록 권장합니다. 이러한 다른 웹사이트나 서비스를 방문하는 것은 귀하의 책임입니다.
정보 보안
당사는 정보의 유실, 부적절한 사용, 무단 접근 또는 공개를 방지하기 위해 합당한 조치를 취합니다. 예를 들어 당사 서비스 중 일부는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 암호화 기술(예: SSL)을 사용합니다. 그러나 (인터넷 업계에서) 합리적인 보안 조치를 취하더라도 귀하의 정보가 100% 안전하다고 항상 보장할 수는 없음을 귀하는 이해하고 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 당사에 제공한 정보의 보안을 보장하거나 보증할 수 없음을 이해하고 동의합니다. 당사는 의도하지 않은 공개에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 또한 귀하는 당사 서비스에 액세스하기 위해 귀하가 사용하는 시스템 및 통신 네트워크가 당사가 통제할 수 없는 요인으로 인해 실패할 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
정보 액세스 및 제어
당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하가 당사에 제공한 귀하의 개인 정보 또는 기타 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트 및 수정할 수 있도록 모든 합리적이고 적절한 기술적 조치를 취할 것입니다. 이러한 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트, 수정 또는 제거하기 전에 당사는 계정의 보안을 보호하기 위해 귀하의 신원을 확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다.
프라이버시 권리
준거법에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다: (i) 당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하고 있는지 확인을 요청; (ii) 귀하의 개인 정보에 대한 액세스 또는 사본을 획득; (iii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인 정보의 전자 사본을 받거나 해당 정보를 다른 회사로 보내도록 당사에 요청(데이터 이동에 대한 권리); (iv) 귀하의 개인 정보 사용에 반대하거나 제한; (v) 부정확하거나 사실이 아니거나 불완전하거나 부적절하게 처리된 개인 정보의 수정 또는 수정을 추구; (vi) 귀하의 동의를 철회; (vii) 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 당사가 귀하에 대해 보유한 개인 정보 삭제를 요청.
귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com 으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 이메일 또는 우편을 받고 나서 합리적인 기간 내에 준거법에 따라 귀하의 요청을 처리할 것이며, 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 중단할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 요청을 이행하기 전에 귀하의 신원을 확인하는 조치를 취할 것입니다. 귀하가 동의를 철회하거나 귀하의 개인 정보를 삭제하는 경우 당사 서비스의 일부 사용에 영향을 미칠 수 있음을 유의해 주시기 바랍니다.
캘리포니아 거주자는 캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법에 의해 부여된 권리 행사 시에 당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
아동에 대한 정보
당사는 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 기타 연령)의 아동으로부터 고의로 개인 정보를 수집하거나 요청하지 않습니다. 귀하가 만약 16세 미만인 경우 이름, 주소, 전화번호 또는 이메일 주소를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 개인 정보를 당사에 보내지 않도록 합니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만 아동에 대한 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 등기 우편을 보낼 수 있습니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 다른 연령)의 어린이로부터 개인 정보를 수집한 사실을 알게 되시면 즉시 해당 정보를 삭제하고 관련 계정을 종료하는 조치를 취하도록 하겠습니다.
국경 간 데이터 전송
귀하는 당사를 통해 또는 당사에 의해 수집된 모든 정보가 싱가포르, 중화인민공화국, 미국, 유럽 연합, 클라우드, 당사 서버, 당사 계열사의 서버 또는 당사 서비스 제공업체의 서버를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 전 세계 어디에서나 당사 서비스 제공을 위해 전송, 처리 및 저장될 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
캘리포니아 거주자인 경우
캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법(“CCPA”)은 캘리포니아 거주자에게 당사가 수집한 개인 정보의 범주에 대해 알 권리를 제공합니다.
개인정보의 범주
당사가 수집?
식별자
네
캘리포니아의 개인 정보 범주 리스트 소비자 기록 법령(Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
네
캘리포니아 또는 연방법에 따른 보호 등급의 특성
네
상업 정보
네
생체 정보
네
인터넷 활동 또는 전자 네트워크 활동 정보
네
지리적 위치 데이터
네
오디오, 전자, 시각, 열, 후각 또는 이와 유사한 정보
네
전문직 또는 고용 관련 정보
아니오
비공개 교육 정보 (가족 교육 권리 및 개인 정보 보호법 (20 USC Section 1232g, 34 CFR Part 99)에 따름)
아니오
다른 개인 정보에서 추론하여 프로필 작성
네
CCPA는 또한 캘리포니아 거주자에게 개인 정보 "판매"를 거부할 수 있는 권리를 제공합니다. CCPA에 따르면 "판매"란 가치가 있는 고려 대상으로서 제3자에게 개인 정보를 제공하는 것으로 광범위하게 정의됩니다. 이는 반드시 개인정보 양도와 금전을 교환한 것을 의미하는 것은 아닙니다.
CCPA의 목적상 "판매"에는 당사 서비스 또는 기타 사이트에 대상 광고를 제공하기 위해 대상 광고 서비스를 사용하는 것이 포함될 수 있습니다. 대부분의 모바일 애플리케이션과 마찬가지로 당사는 이러한 서비스를 사용하여 귀하에게 서비스 및 관련 혜택을 제공할 수 있습니다. 결과적으로 Meitu는 다음 범주의 개인 정보를 "판매"할 수 있습니다: 식별자(예: 광고 ID) 인터넷 활동; 지리적 위치 데이터 프로필을 생성하기 위해 도출된 추론 사항.
당사는 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자인 경우, 당사는 매년 귀하에게 전년도 동안 직접 마케팅을 목적으로 귀하의 개인 정보를 공개했거나 공유한 제3자 목록을 획득할 수 있는 기회를 무료로 제공할 것입니다. 귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자이고 본 목록을 받고자 하는 경우 "BeautyCam 앱 - 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보 보호 권리"라는 제목의 이메일을
compliance@meitu.com
으로 보내시거나 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 등기 우편을 보내주시기 바랍니다.
네바다 거주자인 경우
당사는 네바다 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
준거법
본 정책은 법률 조항의 충돌에 관계없이 중화인민공화국 홍콩특별행정구 법률에 따라 수립되고 발효되며 시행 및 해석됩니다. 이에 따라 발생하는 모든 분쟁은 서비스 약관에 따라 해결됩니다. 당사는 이 정책이 특정 관할권의 개인 정보 보호법을 준수함을 진술하거나 보증하지 않습니다. 따라서 귀하는 그러한 법률에 따라 이 정책을 해석해서는 안 됩니다.
본 정책의 개정
귀하는 관련 법규 및 당사의 비즈니스 결정에 따라 당사가 본 정책을 업데이트할 수 있다는 데 동의하며 귀하는 그러한 개정 사항을 따를 것에 동의합니다. 당사는 본 정책에 대한 중요한 변경 사항을 BeautyCam에 게시하거나 법에서 요구하는 다른 방법으로 귀하에게 통지할 것입니다.
일본 사용자의 경우
데이터 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 정지에 대한 권리
귀하가 일본에 있는 경우 데이터 주체로서 귀하는 개인 데이터의 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 중지를 요청할 권리가 있으며 당사는 과도 지체 없이 귀하의 요청에 응할 의무가 있습니다. 귀하는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)으로
이메일을 보내시거나 또는 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다.
한국 사용자의 경우
국제 데이터 전송
당사는 이용자의 개인정보를 '정보이용방법'에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며, 원칙적으로 이용자의 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 그러나 귀하의 동의가 있는 경우 귀하에게 정보 공유 및 공개에 설명된 당사 서비스를 제공하기 위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 수집, 전송 및 다른 곳에서 저장 및 처리할 수 있습니다.
전송된 개인 정보: 위의 본 정책의 "당사가 수집하는 정보" 섹션을 참조합니다
전송 날짜 및 방법: 보관 및 처리를 위해 제출 시 전송
개인정보가 전송되는 국가: 중화인민공화국
개인 정보 보유: 위의 본 정책의 "데이터 보유" 섹션을 참조합니다
또한, 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 대한민국 외부에 위치해 있는 다음 제3자에게 전송할 수 있습니다:
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
해당 제3자 플랫폼의 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기간 동안
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
귀하의 거주지 외부에서 정보를 공유할 때마다 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가 적절하게 보호되도록 정보 전송이 귀하의 현지 법률을 준수하도록 확인합니다.
귀하의 개인 정보가 한국 외부로 전송되는 것을 원하지 않는 경우 당사는 귀하에게 당사 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다.
또한 당사는 다음과 같은 제3자로부터 귀하의 개인 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
당사 계정이 종료될 때까지
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 다음의 절차와 방법에 따라 파기합니다.
1.파기절차 : 당사는 파기대상 개인정보를 선정하고 정보보호책임자의 승인을 받아 파기합니다.
2.파기방법 : 전자적으로 저장, 파일된 개인정보는 기록 재생이 불가능한 수단을 사용을 통해 삭제가 가능한 방식을 취해 파기합니다.
개인정보 보호 및 불만처리 담당부서
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com  (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)
개인정보처리방침 개정 내역
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.08]
사용자 동의서
1. 나는 아래 내용에 동의합니다.
2. 나는 14세 이상입니다. (필수)
3. 나는 이용 약관에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
4. 나는 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
5. 나는 특정 선택 기능에 대해 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다 (선택)
「지금 보기」
6. 나는 나의 민감정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
7. 나는 마케팅 목적으로 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
8. 나는 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전에 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
9. 나는 제3자로의 개인정보 해외 이전에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
1. 개인정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 (개인정보보호정책에 정의된) 제품 및 서비스 사용에 관한 통계 개발 및 분석
국제 이동 단말기 식별 번호 (이하 “IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자 (이하 “UDID”) 또는 안드로이드 ID, 범용 고유 식별자 (이하 “GUUID”), 광고 식별자 (이하 “IDFA”) 및 벤더 식별자 (이하 “IDFV”), 집적 회로 카드 식별자 (이하 “ICCID”), 매체 접근 제어(이하 “MAC”) 주소, 사용자 기기 유형, 운영체제 버전, 기기에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
모바일 분석: 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치
네트워크 정보: 운영자 이름, 네트워크 유형, 연결된 와이파이 네트워크 이름, 와이파이 네트워크 위치, 와이파이 연결 시간 등 사용 중인 네트워크에 대한 정보
로그 정보: 당사 서비스 사용 시점 및 빈도에 관한 상세 정보, 주요 운영 경로, 에러, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대 등을 포함하는 기기 통계
기타 정보: 사용자 운영체제 유형 및 버전 번호, 시스템 언어 및 애플리케이션 목록에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam에서 제공하는 서비스(서비스 약관에 정의됨)를 이용할 수 없습니다.
2.특정 선택 기능에 대한 개인정보 수집 및 이용
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
계정의 생성
이동전화번호, 기기 ID, 
                이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일, 위치
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스의 제공
네트워크 정보, IP 주소, 시스템 시간대, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
사용자 경험을 개선하기 위한 특정 선택 기능 사용(클라우드 편집 기능, "얼굴 인식", "키포인트 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 기능)
이미지 정보: EXIF 데이터
메타데이터: 사진 메타데이터
쿠키 사용: 사용자의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 제공자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영체제, 일시 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
3.민감정보의 수집 및 이용(선택)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
동영상 편집
음성 정보: 마이크 활성화 시 음성 데이터
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능 제공
얼굴 특징 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.   민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
4.(마케팅 목적의) 개인정보 수집 및 이용과 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
마케팅 및 광고
광고 ID, 지리상 위치, IP 주소, 애플리케이션 목록, 사용자 기기에 설치된 애플리케이션 패키지 이름
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam가 제공하는 일부 서비스(예: 맞춤형 광고)에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다(수집 및 이용 거부 시에도 BeautyCam 이용은 가능합니다).
5.제3자로의 개인정보 이전(필수)
정보 수신자의 신원 및 수신자 내 개인정보 담당자 연락처
수신자의 위치
수신자의 개인정보 이용 목적
이전되는 개인정보 항목
이전 시기 및 방법
수신자의 개인정보 보유 및 이용 기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Apple의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Google의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Meta Platforms의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
중화인민공화국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Tencent의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
귀하는 상기 개인정보의 필수 이전을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보 필수 이전을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam를 이용할 수 없습니다.
美颜相机个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2023年05月24日
生效日期：2023年05月30日
厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司及其关联方（即“我们”）作为美颜相机的运营者，会严格按照法律的规定，保护您的个人信息以及隐私安全，本个人信息保护政策（“本政策”）旨在向您说明，在使用美颜相机APP（以下称“产品”或
        “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
导言
我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。美颜相机客户端、网站、相关微信小程序或美颜相机于第三方平台建立的应用等（统称“美颜相机平台”），均适用于本《个人信息保护政策》，但我们收使用、共享您的个人信息方式、类型将可能根据您选择的不同美颜相机平台而有所不同，在此基础上，我们承诺对您个人信息收集、使用的最大限度不超过本《个人信息保护政策》的范畴。同时，但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用美颜相机中的美图证件照服务，对于您个人信息的保护，请参阅美图证件照的《美图证件照个人信息保护政策》。
下文将帮您详细了解我们如何收集、存储、使用、传输、提供、公开披露与保护个人信息；帮您了解查询、更正、补充、删除、复制、转移个人信息的方式。其中，
有关您个人信息权益的重要内容已用加粗斜体形式提示
，在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）注册、登录及使用美图账号
1、在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个美图账号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称
。
2、关于美图账号
美图账号可登录、使用美图公司旗下各APP（包括但不限于美图秀秀、美拍、美颜相机、海报工厂等），为满足您一致的服务体验，在您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时且自主选择使用已注册的美图账号的，该美图账号将会同步您的
昵称、头像、地区、性别
等您自主填写的公开信息；同步您的关注和粉丝等用户关系；同步您于美图社区发布的内容等。如您不希望上述内容被同步，请您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时选择其他注册、登录方式。
（二）用于实名认证
当您在申请提现、借钱等其他需要实名认证的功能或服务时，为满足法律法规的合规需求或合同签署之目的，保障您的财产安全等，需要您提供真实身份信息（如
真实姓名、身份证号码
等）以完成实名认证，上述信息为
敏感个人信息
，我们会对此进行严格保密，并不会将上述信息用于其他目的。同时，您也可拒绝提供上述信息，这将导致您无法使用需要实名认证的特定功能，但不影响您继续使用美颜相机其他功能或服务。在完成实名认证过程中，为保证信息真实性，我们可能委托提供认证服务的第三方认证机构核验您提供的认证信息。
（三）向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会按照实现安全保障需求的一定频率收集您的设备信息，包括
设备标识信息（指由设备制造商编入到设备以对其进行标识的一串字符，Android如IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、VAID、AAID，iOS如IDFV、IDFA，本政策中所指的“设备标识信息”均同本定义）、硬件序列号、MAC地址
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
（四）向您提供其他相关产品功能和/或服务
为实现以下各项产品功能和/或服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务。
1、客户服务。当您向美颜相机提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供
姓名、手机号码、电子邮件
及
其他有效的联系方式
等个人信息。
          如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
2、当您使用美颜相机中提供的自拍、特效、滤镜等工具拍摄并发布内容时，我们会根据您的操作及使用的工具类型使用传感器信息，以适配您所选用的工具。当您拍照或浏览内容时，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
3、美颜记忆服务。当您登录使用并调整美颜相机的美颜参数，例如调整了磨皮、大眼等参数，我们会记录您的调整记录，以便下次登录使用时直接给您适合的匹配参数，方便您的使用。
4、AI算法优化服务。当您使用相机和图片精修功能拍照时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
皮肤和五官参数
，这是为了实现AI算法优化，更准确快速反馈检测报告，使用次数越多，AI算法优化效果越好。这类信息是为提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
5、iOS人脸优化处理效果。我们的服务可能会利用iOS的 ARKit 和 TrueDepth
          应用程序接口中人脸映像深度相关资讯运算结果，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
6、问候服务：当您使用拍照功能时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的
面部识别特征
，用以辨别您的性别，提供人性化的问候服务。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
7、美图证件照功能：当您使用美图证件照功能时，为了您获得符合您标准的证件照，我们会收集您的
人脸图像信息
用于证件照检测与制作，我们会收集您的电子邮箱，在证件照片制作完成后，我们将通过您的电子邮箱向您发送电子版证件照片。这类信息收集后将回传至我们的服务器，我们将对
人脸图像信息
进行处理以便生成最终证件照，我们承诺将会定期删除处理。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。
8、个性化展示服务。为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会基于收集的信息，
          对用户偏好进行特征分析和用户人群画像（该个性化推荐算法不会识别特定自然人的真实身份），
          以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，
          以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。为此，我们需要收集的信息包括您的
设备识标识信息、符合国家或行业团体标准的广告标识信息、地理位置信息（如GPS）、语言及时区、使用本产品浏览器型号、您的应用列表信息、获取运行中的进程信息
，其中精确的地理位置信息需要您的授权，若您拒绝授权位置权限会影响定位的准确性，我们将无法向您推送最为精确的个性化内容和广告，
          但不会影响其他功能与服务的正常使用，我们也仅会基于
网络信息（如IP）
对应的城市及/或区县向你展示可能相关的内容、服务和广告。
          如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过本协议明示的方式关闭该功能。
9、“摇一摇”这类依赖于动作开展的互动
当您进行“摇一摇”、“抖一抖”等依赖于动作开展的互动或活动时，我们会使用您的传感器信息，以识别您的动作，用于活动参与或为您展示下一步互动场景。
10、我们可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型、WLAN接入点（如SSID、BSSID）
，以实现在广告推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的，例如：当我们监测到您处于WIFI环境下，我们可能为您直接播放视频类广告内容；当我们检测您处于无网络、或弱移动网络的环境下，我们将仅为您推送您已经缓存于本地的广告内容。
11、维护产品安全及时排除故障。为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
EXIF数据、设备标识信息、操作日志信息
。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
12、保障账号安全。当您在使用修改密码、安全验证、申诉行为，且操作行为存在异常时，我们可能会要求您提供
有效身份信息
，以确保上述操作行为的安全性。此为个人敏感信息，我们将采取严格的保密措施，并不会向第三方进行共享。
13、用于互动分享和调起第三方支付等功能。如您在使用美颜美口令功能时，我们需要在本地访问您的
剪切板信息
，读取其中包含的美口令，以实现跳转完成会员兑换。我们仅在本地识别出剪切板信息属于美口令时，才会将其上传服务器。除此之外，我们将不会上传剪切板的其他信息至服务器。如您将美颜相机中内容分享至第三方平台时，我们会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方平台是否存在从而达成分享目的；如您使用美颜相机中支付功能时，我们也会读取您的
应用列表信息
用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
14、医美体验馆功能。当您选择医美体验馆并使用拍照功能生成医美报告时，我们将会收集无法识别于您个人的五官参数，为您生成详细的医美体验前后对比报告。在该功能下，我们仅在服务端对相关数据进行分析并形成相应的报告，我们不会将相关数据回传至服务器，不会进行任何形式的存储，也不会将这些信息用于除此以外的任何其他目的，更不会将其提供给任何第三方。
15、水印记录功能。当您选择水印记录并使用打卡功能记录您的位置信息时，在您主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的
精准地理位置
信息以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限，可能会影响您的正常使用，但不影响您正常使用美颜相机的其他功能。
16、AI绘画：AI绘画功能的生成内容是以原始图像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI绘画功能时，您需要上传您的原始图像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
17、AI头像：AI头像功能的生成内容是以原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI头像功能时，在征得您单独同意的情况下，我们会将您上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
18、AI写真：AI写真功能的生成内容是以您主动上传的原始肖像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成，因此当您使用AI写真功能时，我们会将您主动上传的原始肖像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
19、AI换背景：AI换背景功能的生成内容是以您主动上传的原始图像为基础，使用人工智能模型生成新的背景图片，因此当您使用AI换背景功能时，我们会将您主动上传的原始图像信息进行处理，这类信息是提供本服务必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。我们仅提供图像处理服务，不会提取识别信息，不会用于识别用途，服务完成后，系统将自动删除上述信息，不予留存。
20、消息通知：我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过短信中提供的退订方式或我们提供的其他方式进行退订。
在您开启通知权限的前提下，我们可能向您推送您关注的用户、内容及热点推荐等，如您不希望收到上述推荐，您可在手机系统设置中关闭美颜相机通知权限。
您也可以通过
《个人信息收集清单》
快速了解我们如何收集您的个人信息。
（四）我们可能从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
1、您使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）登录美颜相机时，可选择授权美颜相机在符合相关法律法规要求的前提下读取并获得
您在该第三方平台上登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括
              昵称、头像）
。
2、美颜相机需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美颜相机用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【设置—账号管理—绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
（五）美图基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用
1、如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供
个人有效身份信息
>以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
2、请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护美图及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方。
4、第三方商家。当您使用美颜相机时，您可能会浏览到由第三方商家共享的商品信息，若您对该商品有兴趣，您可以在商品页面手动输入您的姓名、电话号码、电子邮件、QQ号、微信号、性别、地址、生日（具体输入信息种类视实际页面为准）等用于商家回访的相关信息，商家将可能会对您进行回访，以便确认您的购卖意向。
请您特别注意，您一旦主动输入并提交上述信息，即视为您已经同意将上述信息共享给第三方商家用于回访之目的应用，如您认为所填写信息与回访无关，您可以拒绝填写，同时，我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）不对您主动填写的信息的真实性负责，因信息不实造成的任何损失与纠纷，由您自行承担责任，与我司无关。
5、与我们的关联公司共享：我们为您所提供的产品/服务大多是无法单独完成的，因此您的个人信息可能会与我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）的关联公司进行共享，我们只会在为实现向您提供本产品相关功能和服务的目的下共享必要的个人信息且受本个人信息保护政策所声明目的的约束。关联公司若要改变个人信息的处理目的，将再次征求您的同意。我们的关联公司包括：厦门美图网科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图之家科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图移动科技有限公司及其分、子公司等。我司及我司关联公司合称“美图”。
（二）向合作方共享个人信息
仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将委托由授权的合作伙伴提供（我们会与授权的合作伙根据法律规定签署相关处理协议，并对其个人信息使用活动进行监督），如推广服务、借钱服务、游戏服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务、电商平台合作、运营商计费充值服务。美图仅提供广告合作或接入跳转服务，您需要在使用合作方产品或功能前仔细阅读合作方的用户协议和隐私政策再进行使用。仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的个人信息保护政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
1）广告服务类合作伙伴。
A.
功能类型：广告归因。
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商（例如秒针）和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 广告主评估广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主自行处理以判断广告转化的用户来源、广告转化的效果等，支撑其商业决策。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理数据，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障隐私安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
B.
功能类型： 程序化广告推送
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主进行程序化广告推送
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主通过自动化方式自行决策是否下发广告。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护政策的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
C.
功能类型： 优化广告投放效果
合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇、百青藤、快手联盟）
使用目的： 帮助广告主提升广告投放效果
处理方式：
            由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主对数据进行分析并优化其广告投放的模型、策略等，提升广告投放的效果以及用户的体验。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）：
如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
个人信息类型（Android 客户端）：
如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
注：上文所列的IDFA均为 iOS 14.5之前版本的信息
2）功能类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机的迪奥AI彩妆师功能时，我们会收集您使用本功能时的浏览试妆行为，并将您使用本功能所必要的个人信息（如
您的用户设备ID、美图账号ID、手机号码，使用本功能的浏览试妆行为以及妆容收藏、产品详情点击数据
）共享给路威酩轩香水化妆品（上海）有限公司旗下Parfums Christian
          Dior（“Dior”），以实现您获取五官分析、妆容定制、更有针对性地向您推荐产品以及实现您购买产品、申请小样、售后服务与发送信息，促使其可以完成后续的客户沟通、售后服务等。
具体请您仔细阅读Dior的
《个人信息处理规则》
，以了解Dior将如何收集、使用、保存并保护您的个人信息。
3）技术支持类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机时，在具体功能应用场景需要合作伙伴提供相关技术支持，我们的应用中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的SDK或其他类似的应用程序。合作方浙江每日互动网络科技股份有限公司需要共享您的
设备信息、软件安装列表、网络及位置信息
，其目的是帮助分析您的兴趣爱好，实现更准确画像标签，从而为您提供符合您需求的信息，节省您的内容搜索时间。如您在美化图片时希望使用带有地理位置信息的水印素材，需要将您的设备标识信息和地理位置信息共享给百度地图运营方；当您使用产品中支付功能时，需要将您的
唯一设备识别码
共享给支付宝或微信运营方。如您使用华为/小米/魅族手机时，相关手机硬件厂商需要读取您的
设备识别码、联网相关信息
，用于推送/下发通知栏消息。
4）运营商业务信息共享：在美图和运营商（移动、联通、电信）的合作业务中，美图可能会向运营商共享您的
手机号
，用于用户身份识别和会员服务购买扣费。
5）游戏合作方：当您在美颜相机中使用由第三方提供的游戏业务时，我们可能会向游戏合作伙伴（游戏开发商、游戏发行商等）共享您的
身份证号信息、及是否通过公安部的实名验证
，以便协助游戏合作伙伴落实实名注册制度，并有效防止未成年人沉迷网络游戏。
我们还可能向游戏合作伙伴共享您的付款信息，以便于游戏合作方识别充值用户，用于为充值用户进一步提供充值后的增值服务。
为运行游戏之需要，或在运行游戏中请求广告参数，我们可能会向游戏合作方共享您的部分个人信息。我司合作的游戏合作方包括：深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司（QQ小游戏），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享
设备标识信息、地理位置信息、IP地址、传感器信息、网络类型
；如果您不同意共享上述信息，您将无法享受到我们的游戏服务。
6）钱包功能：钱包功能中的部分服务由我们的合作方提供。借钱业务由贷款服务商（如北京微聚未来科技有限公司、北京微聚智汇科技有限公司、辽宁自贸试验区（营口片区）桔子数字科技有限公司、百融云创科技股份有限公司、重庆市崇天小额贷款有限公司，根据业务发展可能会有所调整） 提供，当您使用该服务时，我们会向贷款服务商共享符合该服务所必要的个人信息，具体以您使用借钱服务时同意的
《个人信息使用授权协议》
为准。旧手机换钱服务由北京友传网络科技有限公司提供，我们会向其共享您的用户uid，用于快速登录。
7）技术支持类合作伙伴：为我们提供技术分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集相关个人信息用于实现其所支持的服务。同时，还有提供分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。
8）联合会员服务：为帮助您顺利领取美颜相机紫钻VIP和合作商会员等相关权益，我们会收集您的
手机号码
，并将您的手机号码提供给开展联名会员服务的合作商，以确保合作商可将相关权益发放至您前述手机号码绑定的合作商平台账号下。
（三）我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》
。
（四）委托处理
对于委托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与受托人约定委托处理的目的、期限、处理方式、个人信息的种类、保护措施以及双方的权利和义务等，并对受托人的个人信息处理活动进行监督。
（五）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（六）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（七）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的授权同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1) 为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3)
          为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4)
          为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5)
          依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像、地区、生日等进行访问和更正。
2、账号信息访问与更正——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定、注销账号等信息。
3、关闭定向推送——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【设置】-【隐私与通知】中关闭定向推送功能（包括个性化展示和个性化广告推荐）。
4、在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
2) 我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
3) 您撤回同意的；
4) 我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
5) 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从美图获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
（二）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（三）基本模式的使用
拍摄、图片美化、人像美容是美颜相机的基本功能。如果您仅希望使用美颜相机为您提供的编辑、调色等无需个人信息即可使用的基本拍摄、美颜功能，可选择进入基本功能模式。您在使用基本功能模式时，将无法使用完整的功能。同时，您将无法体验美颜相机为您提供的注册/登录、信息发布、互动交流、活动参与等丰富的服务。在基本功能模式下，美颜相机不会上传任何可识别到您个人的个人信息。
（四）注销帐户
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【账号管理】中进行账号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理账号中的资产后，为您提供账号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（五）关闭个性化推荐
您可在【设置】-【通用】-【个性化选项】-【个性化内容推荐】进行。选择关闭个性化推荐时，我们将在您关闭后停止向您推送个性化内容和广告，但您收到的推荐内容和广告的总量不会变化。
（六）个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
（七）对于您的权利要求的响应
为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市同安区滨海西大道2557号美峰创谷2号楼美图大厦（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
此处仅为权限相关说明，我们将可能在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可在设备的设置功能中关闭您已授权的权限。拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。
APP权限
权限与获取信息描述
权限使用目的及业务场景
网络访问权限（android）
访问网络信息（包括运营商信息、网络状态、wifi信息）
用于下载素材和资源。
电话权限
读取手机状态
读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于识别用户、保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）、保存游戏进度（当用户选择使用第三方提供的游戏服务时）、第三方广告投放。
存储权限（写入）
写入外部存储
用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、视频保存到本地等的文件保存功能。
地理位置权限
接收卫星的定位信息
获取精确位置地理位置的权限。用于用户带有地理位置的水印、素材的获取、第三方广告投放。在用户主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的地理位置以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限。
录音权限
录制声音
用于美颜相机的视频录制功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、电音特效相机中的拍视频功能。
相机权限
允许使用相机
用于产品的拍照、视频录制的功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、超清人像相机、大头贴、发型管家、美老师证件照相机、电音特效相机中的拍照、视频录制功能。
蓝牙服务
允许使用蓝牙服务
使用蓝牙权限。用于自拍杆功能。
存储权限（读取）
读取外部存储
读取本地图片、视频、游戏包等文件，用于帮助用户进行图片、视频美化、游戏包正常下载和存储。
通知权限
向用户发送通知
向用户推送平台活动、营销信息等。
未知来源安装权限（android）
允许应用程序请求安装包
用于用户下载游戏安装包
拨打电话权限（android）
允许应用程序在不通过拔号盘界面的情况下发起电话呼叫
用于直接拨打电话
Sub-policy 7
https://pro.meitu.com/meiyan/agreements/privacy_policy_history/privacy_policy-2023-12-06.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 12 June 2023
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via email at
[global.support@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (“OAID”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. The information we collect will not be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
When you use the ChatGPT integrated features in BeautyCam, we may collect and process personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[global.support@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers (including but not limited to Open AI), in order to provide our
        Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation(collectively, “
GDPR
”), you will find the relevant details on the processing of your personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and
          processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
https://openai.com/privacy-policy
Provision of ChatGPT integrated features
Personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside
        of South Korea, we will be unable to provide you with our products or
        Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 08/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 22/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 04/05/2023)
Privacy Policy (updated on 31/05/2023)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that we may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information from the photos or images
        you provide. We may use such information to verify your identity, to provide and improve the Service, and for our
        internal research purposes. If your biometric information is subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy
        Act, we will delete your biometric information within three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
          information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
correct your personal information;
request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal
          information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly
          significant effects concerning you;
request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote
            “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will
        process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by
        informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
        California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time)
        (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
        collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service
        provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
                    Purpose
Identifiers
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e))
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Commercial information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Biometric information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Sensory data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g, 34
                C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state
                identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or
                credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials
                allowing access to an account
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical
                beliefs, or union membership
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless
                Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
        using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How We
        Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will retain
        personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
        nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for “cross-context
        behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have actual knowledge of any
        “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral
        advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
To provide the Services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
          integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible
          for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve, upgrade, or
          enhance our Services or devices.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights
        conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted
        under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
        verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Examples of
        our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with
        you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
        your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your designated
        agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
        GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
        personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information on
        our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
Information on the controller
Identity and contact details of the controller
Meitu (China) Limited
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Identity and contact details of the controller’s representatives
The European Union
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
The United Kingdom
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Meitu (China) Limited
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Information on the processing of personal data
Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information between your
                terminal device and the applications’ server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content accessed, the
                content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not a statutory or
                contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the
                data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Unique
                Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID), User ID (UID), Identifier for
                Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated
                Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type
                of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and
                resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include information
                such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage,
                performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the location
                of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and system time
                zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device
                statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS coordinates
                where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the front and rear cameras
                and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
                photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial mapping
                information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
                referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced when the
                token is expired (after 30 days).
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
Personal data that is included in the text inputs and the generated outputs.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
                geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information,
                IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for the
                purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of our Services
                and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse data
                regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or
                providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to assist in
                law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
                controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with any failure
                of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used for the
                provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing, website
                fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision of our
                websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of incidents (e.g. DDoS
                attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third
            countries and/or international organizations
Recipient
Recipient’s role
Transfers to third countries and/or international organisations
Adequacy decision or appropriate or suitable safeguards for transfers to third countries and/or
                  international organisations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Information on the use of cookies or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
        storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
        of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or your
        device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or a
        website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie and
        the information it contains can be retrieved.
a)
First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
        cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or by a
                processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website that are
                not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b)
Transient
            and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser is closed
c)
Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
        distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested by a
                participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
Management of the cookies
            used in our app and on our website
a)
Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the
            data protection settings of our app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
        your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in the
        information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
        However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b)
Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different browsers
        have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
        you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
Cookies used in our app and
            on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired
                (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days)
No
Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
          I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
        your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on the
        processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in Art. 15
        GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
        your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information listed
        in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the categories of
        personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have
        been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR.
Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
        inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR.
Right to erasure
            (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions provided
        in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to erase
        your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR applies. This
        can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they
        were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of
        any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one of
        the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is necessary
        for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
        (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
        GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy of
        the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify the
        accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
        (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR.
Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
        hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
        processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR.
Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
        object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the
          particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling based
        on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
        GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
        GDPR Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and
        freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to
        such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes
        in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to withdraw
              consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
        pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
        processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
        consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
Right to lodge a complaint
              with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions provided
        in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authorities responsible for us are:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information Commissioner’s Office
E-mail: dpo@ico.org.uk
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in
              this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General Data
        Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR.
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
        Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
        natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly
        or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data,
        an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
        cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
        which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on
        personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
        organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
        transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
        destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
        the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse
        or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
        preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
        where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the
        specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
        body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may
        receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall
        not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with
        the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
        other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or
        processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
        governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement between
        two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
        (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom.
개인 정보 보호 정책
최종 수정일: 2022년 12월 22일
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다.
Meitu (China) Limited (
“당사”
,
“당사를”
또는
“당사의”
)는 사용자(
“사용자”
또는
“귀하”
)의 개인 정보를 보호하고자 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호 정책(이
"정책"
)은 당사가 해당 데이터 보호법에 따라 컨트롤러 및/또는 비즈니스로서 모든 기능을 포함하여 BeautyCam 애플리케이션을 사용하는 동안 귀하의 사용자 정보(귀하의 개인 정보 포함)를 수집, 저장, 사용, 관리 및 보호하는 방법에 관한 당사의 관행을 설명하기 위한 것입니다(당사
"서비스"
).
본 정책의 범위는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사가 수집하거나 수신한 귀하의 사용자 정보(개인 정보 포함)로만 제한된다는 점에 유의하시기 바랍니다. 이 정책에서
"개인 정보"
는 수집된 정보와 관련된 개인을 식별, 연락 또는 위치 확인에 사용할 수 있는 모든 정보 또는 정보 조합을 의미합니다. 이러한 개인 정보에는 귀하의 이름, 성별, 전화번호, 이메일 주소, 생년월일, 이미지, 지리적 위치, 개인 식별 번호 및 식별 가능한 생물학적 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 이 정책과 이 정책에 제공된 방식으로 개인 정보를 포함한 사용자 정보의 수집, 사용, 처리, 보유, 공개 및 공유함에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 정책의 조건 또는 이 정책에 대한 후속 변경 사항에 동의하지 않는 경우 당사 서비스 사용을 재고해 주시기 바랍니다.
특정 범주의 데이터를 제공은 필수 사항입니다(수집 시 지정된 대로). 필수 표시된 데이터를 충분히 제공하지 않는 경우 등록 절차를 완료하거나 서비스를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다. 또한, 본 정책에서 용어를 정의하지 않는 한, 본 정책에서 사용된 모든 대문자 용어는 서비스 약관에서와 동일한 의미를 가집니다. 따라서 서비스 약관을 읽고 이해했는지 확인하세요.
본 정책 또는 개인 정보 보호 관련 문제에 대해 질문이 있는 경우 이메일
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)
또는 등기 우편(Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong < 주의: Meitu 법률 부서 >)을 통해 데이터 보호 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다. 개인 정보 또는 지적 재산권 침해와 관련되지 않은 기타 모든 문의, 피드백, 제안 및/또는 불만 사항(구독 취소, 지불 분쟁, 환불 요청 및 BeautyCam의 기술 지원을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)에 대해서는
[compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 통해 당사에 연락해야 합니다. (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용)].
귀하의 이메일이 잘못된 주제와 관련하여 잘못된 이메일 주소로 전송될 시 해당 요청이 제대로 처리되지 못하거나 지연될 수 있습니다.
수집하는 정보
당사 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 당사는 본 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보를 수집하고 처리합니다. 귀하가 이 정보를 제공하지 않으면 Meitu는 귀하에게 제품이나 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다. 귀하는 당사에 제출된 모든 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보가 완전하고 정확하며 진실되고 올바른지 확인해야 합니다. 귀하가 그렇게 하지 않으면 당사가 귀하에게 당사 서비스의 전부 또는 일부를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다.
계정 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 서비스 및 모든 해당 기능을 최대한 활용하기 위해 당사 계정에 가입하는 것이 좋습니다. 귀하가 계정을 만들 때 당사는 다음 정보를 수집하고 이는 귀하를 식별하거나 귀하에게 서비스를 제공하는 데 이용될 수 있습니다.
필수 : 휴대전화번호, 기기ID
선택 사항: 이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일 및 위치
누구나 당사 서비스에 액세스할 수 있지만 특정 서비스("가입 서비스")는 가입비가 필요한 경우가 있습니다(예:프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스, 광고 권한 누리기 등). 구독 서비스에서 구매하기로 선택한 경우 장치 ID와 같은 특정 개인 식별 정보를 수집합니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서는 거래 및 갱신을 처리할 목적으로 귀하의 금융 정보 및 청구 주소를 수신, 액세스 또는 사용할 수 있습니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서를 통해 콘텐츠를 구입했거나 구독 서비스에 가입한 경우 모든 구매에 대해 어떻게 개인 금융 정보를 유지하고 사용하는 지 이에 대한 정보는 해당 제3자의 약관을 참조해야 합니다. 당사는 의심의 여지를 없애기 위해 귀하로부터 어떠한 금융 정보도 수집하지 않습니다.
모바일 장치 정보
모바일 장치에서 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 국제 모바일 장비 ID(“IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자(“UDID”) 또는 Android ID, 범용 고유 식별자(“GUUID”), 광고 식별자(“IDFA”) 및 공급업체 식별자(“IDFV”)를 포함하여 집적 회로 카드 식별자(“ICCID”), 미디어 액세스 제어(“MAC”) 사용하는 장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치 및 해상도에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록를 수집하며 이는 당사의 서비스 및 그래픽 적응을 최적화하기 위해 당사의 기술적 기능, 서버 로드 밸런싱, 귀하의 모바일 장치와 관련된 기술 데이터 분석을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 통계 및/또는 분석상의 이유로 사용됩니다.
아래 "위치 정보" 섹션에 명시된 바와 같이 귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. 나중에 위치 정보 공유를 중단하려면 모바일 장치에서 관련 설정을 편집하여 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석
당사는 당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선할 수 있도록 모바일 분석 소프트웨어를 사용합니다. 이러한 소프트웨어는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치와 같은 정보를 기록할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사용자가 사용하는 통신사 및 네트워크의 분포를 이해하기 위해 통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형을 포함하여 귀하가 사용하는 네트워크에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. 또한 귀하가 선호하는 당사 서비스 이용 환경을 파악하기 위해 귀하가 연결하는 WiFi 네트워크의 이름, WiFi 네트워크의 위치, WiFi 연결 시간 등의 정보를 수집합니다.
위치 정보
귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
필수: 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대
선택 사항: 국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
이 정보는 사용자 분포 및 사용 시나리오를 이해하는 데 도움이 되며 사용자에게 올바른 버전의 앱, 지리적 위치의 재현 또는 사진을 찍거나 모든 동영상을 촬영하는 실시간 지리적 위치 게시를 제공할 수 있고 서비스를 개선합니다. 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않는 한 위치 데이터는 귀하를 개별적으로 식별하기 위해 획득되거나 사용되지 않습니다. 이 방침에서 별도로 명시된 경우를 제외하고, 당사는 이 위치 정보를 제3자와 공유하지 않습니다. 더 이상 당사가 그러한 정보를 수집하거나 사용하는 것을 원하지 않는 경우, 귀하는 인터넷 접속 또는 GPS를 끄거나 귀하의 네트워크, GPS 및 기기 정보에 대한 접근을 비활성화하면 됩니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용한 결과로 당사는 귀하의 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대와 같은 일부 위치 정보를 계속 수신할 수 있습니다.
로그 정보
귀하가 특정 콘텐츠 생성 및 브라우징을 포함하여 일부 서비스를 사용할 때 BeautyCam에 저장된 특정 관련 로그 정보("로그 정보")를 자동으로 수집합니다. 로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와 빈도에 대한 세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를 포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다. 본 로그 정보는 서비스를 개선하는 데 사용되며 사용자를 개별적으로 식별하는 데 사용되지 않습니다.
이미지 정보
당사 서비스의 클라우드 편집 기능을 사용하기로 선택함으로써 귀하는 귀하에게 그러한 서비스를 제공하고 지속적인 최적화를 위해 처리한 후에 처리된 사진을 귀하에게 반환하고자 귀하의 사진을 서버에 업로드해야 하고 또한 귀하의 장비에 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공하는 등 서비스를 더욱 최적화하기 위해 귀하의 사진에 대한 EXIF 데이터(EXIF 데이터에는 장비 제조사에 따라 사진을 촬영하고 처리한 GPS 좌표, 장비 종류, ISO, 전후방 카메라 정보, 생성 시간 등이 포함될 수 있음)를 수신함을 이해하고 동의합니다.
음성 안내
BeautyCam에서 마이크를 활성화함으로써 귀하는 비디오 편집을 위해 음성 데이터(예: 오디오 클립 또는 음성 녹음)를 수집할 수 있다는 데 동의하게 됩니다. 귀하의 음성 정보를 광고 목적으로 사용하지 않습니다. 장치의 운영 체제 설정을 사용하거나 장치의 마이크를 음소거하여 언제든지 장치의 마이크에 대한 BeautyCam의 액세스를 끌 수 있습니다.
메타데이터
메타데이터는 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련된 기술 데이터를 가리킵니다. 즉, 메타데이터는 데이터를 설명하는 데이터입니다. 예를 들어, 메타데이터는 컴퓨터 알고리즘과 인공 지능에 의해 생성되고 태깅된 사진 속 인물의 얼굴 특징, 성별, 연령, 인종 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에 대한 분석 결과를 설명할 수 있습니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 정확한 "얼굴 인식", "주요 지점 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 및 이러한 기본 기능의 조합을 기반으로 하는 기타 사용자 정의 기능을 포함한 특정 기능을 제공합니다. 당사는 당사 앱이 귀하의 사진을 처리할 때 귀하의 사진 메타데이터를 사용하여 더 적합한 필터와 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공할 수 있습니다. 당사는 또한 메타데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 더 맥락상으로 관련된 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 특징 정보
특정 서비스를 제공하기 위해 위에서 언급한 메타데이터를 활용하는 것과 별도로 귀하의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)를 수집하고 얼굴 인식 기술을 사용하여 사진 및 카메라 경험에서 얼굴을 인식할 수 있습니다. 얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능을 제공하기 위해 얼굴 마크를 감지하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 당사 서비스는 얼굴 매핑 정보의 깊이와 관련하여 Apple의 ARKit 계산 결과를 활용할 수 있으며, 얼굴 이미지 처리 효과를 보장하고 알고리즘을 사용하여 특징 분석을 수행하기 위해 얼굴 인식 기능을 사용해야 할 수 있습니다. 당사가 수집한 정보는 특정 개인을 식별하는 데 사용할 수 없으며, 언급된 기능을 제공하기 위한 용도로만 사용됩니다. 콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시 얼굴 매핑 정보는 파기됩니다. 이 정보는 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다.
당사는 다른 목적으로 결과를 사용하거나 파일의 데이터를 캡처하거나 기록 목적으로 서버에 데이터를 업로드하지 않습니다.
쿠키
당사는 이용자 개개인에게 맞춤화된 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 이용자의 이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 '쿠키(cookie)'를 사용합니다. 쿠키란 앱/웹 사이트를 운영하는데 이용되는 서버가 이용자의 기기에 보내는 소량의 정보이며 이용자 기기 내의 하드디스크에도 저장됩니다. 귀하는 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다. 수집된 정보에는 귀하의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 공급자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
쿠키의 사용목적 : 쿠키는 이용자가 방문한 각 서비스 및 웹사이트에 대한 방문 및 이용형태, 인기 검색어, 보안접속 여부 등을 파악하여 이용자에게 최적화된 정보 제공을 위해 사용됩니다.
쿠키의 설치, 운영 및 거부: 사용자는
[compliance@meitu.com] (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)으로 이메일을 보내 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다.
이용자가 쿠키의 저장을 거부할 경우 맞춤형 서비스 이용에 어려움이 있을 수 있습니다.
광고 관련 정보
당사 및 당사의 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 당사 서비스 내에 광고를 포함할 수 있으며 귀하의 동의 하에 이러한 광고를 전달하고 추적할 목적으로 귀하의 광고 ID, 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소와 같은 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 장치에 광고 ID가 없는 경우 다른 영구 식별자를 사용할 수 있습니다. 또한 당사는 귀하의 앱목록에 액세스하고 귀하의 장기에 설치된 애플리케이션의 애플리케이션 패키지 이름을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 위의 정보를 사용하여 적합성, 언어, 지리적 위치 및 기타 세부 정보를 기반으로 광고를 더 잘 계산, 추적 및 제공할 수 있습니다. 관심 기반 광고를 거부하려면
[compliance@meitu.com]으로 이메일을 보내 거부할 수 있습니다.
관심 기반 광고를 선택 해제한 후에도 일반 광고는 계속 수신됩니다.
제3자 서비스가 수집하는 정보
귀하에게 제공되는 당사의 서비스에는 당사 서비스 제공자의 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스(API) 또는 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)가 포함될 수 있으며 이는 해당 서비스 제공자의 추적 도구가 있을 수 있습니다. 이러한 제3자는 당사 서비스에서 쿠키, API 및 SDK를 사용하고 사용자 정보를 수집 및 분석할 수 있습니다. 또한 일부 제3자 SDK는 귀하와 더 관련 있는 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해 광고주가 정보를 수집하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 제3자는 각자의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 장치 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치 정보 및 IP 주소와 같은 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 그러한 제3자에 대한 자세한 정보는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"이라고 인용하십시오)으로 이메일을 보내실 수 있습니다.
기타 정보
당사는 또한 귀하의 신원과 관련이 없는 기타 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 예를 들어, 당사는 시스템 업그레이드를 더 잘 파악하기 위해 귀하의 운영 체제 유형 및 버전 번호에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있고, 언어 적응을 위해 귀하의 시스템 언어에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있으며, 사용자 기본 설정을 파악하기 위해 귀하의 앱 목록을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사가 그러한 정보 수집을 하기로 선택한다면 귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 향상시킬 목적으로 수집하게 됩니다.
정보 사용 방법
위에 나열된 용도 외에도 다음 목적을 위해 사용자 정보 및 개인 정보를 수집하고 사용합니다.
(i)
서비스.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
(ii)
통계 분석.
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 제품 및 서비스 사용 통계를 개발 및 분석.
(iii)
계정 생성하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하여 계정을 생성할 때 수집하는 개인 정보는 귀하의 계정 및 프로필을 생성하는 데 사용됩니다.
(iv)
위치 기반 서비스를 제공하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 또는 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 귀하에게 광고, 올바른 서비스 버전을 제공하고 귀하가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻도록 돕기 위해 귀하의 위치 정보를 이용할 수 있습니다.
(v)
사용자 경험을 향상시키기.
사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 특정 옵션 기능을 통해 Meitu는 당사 제품 및 서비스 사용과 관련된 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을 향상시킬 수 있습니다.
(vi)
푸시 서비스를 제공하기.
당사는 장치 정보를 사용하여 광고 성능 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공을 평가하기 위해 푸시 서비스를 제공하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림을 제공할 수 있습니다.
(vii)
귀하의 신원 확인하기.
귀하가 계정에 로그인할 때 문자 메시지를 사용하여 귀하의 신원을 확인하면 귀하의 계정에 대한 무단 로그인을 방지할 수 있습니다.
(viii)
귀하로부터 피드백 수집.
귀하의 의견은 Meitu가 서비스를 개선하는 데 큰 도움이 됩니다. 귀하의 피드백을 추적하기 위해 Meitu는 귀하가 제공한 개인 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 연락하고 기록을 보관할 수 있습니다.
(ix)
기타 목적.
(ix)당사는 "당사가 수집하는 정보"에 따른 목적과 작업 운영, 정당한 이익 추구 및 법적 의무 충족을 위해 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집, 저장, 유지 및 사용할 것입니다(예: 연구(마케팅 조사 포함), 네트워크 및 정보 보안, 및 사기 방지).
정보 공유 및 공개
당사는 당사의 사업 활동을 돕기 위해 당사를 대신하여 서비스를 제공하는 제3자와 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스에는 다음이 포함될 수 있습니다:
(i)   주문 이행 및 패키지 배송;
(ii)  귀하에게 광고 제공;
(iii) 결제 처리;
(iv)  고객 서비스 제공;
(v)   구독 서비스 실행;
(vi)  연구 및 분석 수행; 및
(vii) 클라우드 컴퓨팅 인프라를 제공합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적을 제외하고 귀하의 개인 정보 전체 또는 일부를 제3자(당사의 서비스 제공업체 제외)와 공유하거나 공개하지 않습니다:
(i)   다른 사람이나 재산의 보안을 보호;
(ii)  사기 방지 또는 처리;
(iii) 당사의 정당한 권리와 이익을 보호;
(iv)  "당사가 수집하는 정보" 또는 "당사가 정보를 사용하는 방법" 섹션에 설명된 목적에 따라 조치 취함;
(v)  일반적으로 인터넷 보안과 당사, 당사 사용자 및 제3자의 권리, 재산 및 안전을 유지하기 위해 고안된 법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국, 법 집행 기관 또는 민간 단체의 요청을 준수; 및/또는
(vi)  합병, 인수, 자금조달 실사, 개편, 파산, 관리, 회사 자산 매각 또는 귀하의 정보가 매각 또는 이전될 수 있는 기타 사건에 관련된 거래를 평가하거나 완료합니다.
귀하의 정보 사용을 위한 근거
당사는 합법적인 근거가 있고 일반적으로 다음 4가지 법적 근거 중 하나에 의존하는 경우에만 개인 데이터를 수집하고 처리합니다
(i)동의(귀하가 동의한 경우);
(ii)계약(예: 사이트 운영 또는 귀하가 요청한 서비스 제공과 같이 귀하와의 계약 이행을 위해 처리가 필요한 경우);
(iii)정당한 이익(예: 귀하의 계정 보호, 고객 지원 제공을 포함하여 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 귀하의 정보를 사용해야 함). 당사는 그러한 이익이 귀하에 대한 영향에 의해 무시되지 않는 경우에만 우리의 정당한 이익을 법적 근거로 삼습니다(당사가 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않았거나 당사의 처리가 법에 의해 달리 요구되거나 허용되지 않는 한); 및
(iv)법적 의무(법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국 또는 법집행 기관의 요청을 준수하기 위해).
당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법을 대상으로 법적 근거에 관한 질문이 있는 경우
compliance@meitu.com 으로 문의주시기 바랍니다(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요).
제3자 웹사이트 및 서비스
당사 서비스에는 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스에 대한 링크가 포함될 수 있습니다. 또한 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스는 당사 서비스를 참조하거나 링크할 수 있습니다. 이러한 다른 도메인 및 웹사이트는 당사가 관리하지 않으며 당사는 제3자 웹사이트 또는 서비스에 대해 보증하거나 진술하지 않습니다. 당사는 상호작용하는 모든 웹사이트 및 서비스의 개인정보 보호정책을 사용자가 읽도록 권장합니다. 이러한 다른 웹사이트나 서비스를 방문하는 것은 귀하의 책임입니다.
정보 보안
당사는 정보의 유실, 부적절한 사용, 무단 접근 또는 공개를 방지하기 위해 합당한 조치를 취합니다. 예를 들어 당사 서비스 중 일부는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 암호화 기술(예: SSL)을 사용합니다. 그러나 (인터넷 업계에서) 합리적인 보안 조치를 취하더라도 귀하의 정보가 100% 안전하다고 항상 보장할 수는 없음을 귀하는 이해하고 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 당사에 제공한 정보의 보안을 보장하거나 보증할 수 없음을 이해하고 동의합니다. 당사는 의도하지 않은 공개에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 또한 귀하는 당사 서비스에 액세스하기 위해 귀하가 사용하는 시스템 및 통신 네트워크가 당사가 통제할 수 없는 요인으로 인해 실패할 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
정보 액세스 및 제어
당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하가 당사에 제공한 귀하의 개인 정보 또는 기타 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트 및 수정할 수 있도록 모든 합리적이고 적절한 기술적 조치를 취할 것입니다. 이러한 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트, 수정 또는 제거하기 전에 당사는 계정의 보안을 보호하기 위해 귀하의 신원을 확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다.
프라이버시 권리
준거법에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다: (i) 당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하고 있는지 확인을 요청; (ii) 귀하의 개인 정보에 대한 액세스 또는 사본을 획득; (iii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인 정보의 전자 사본을 받거나 해당 정보를 다른 회사로 보내도록 당사에 요청(데이터 이동에 대한 권리); (iv) 귀하의 개인 정보 사용에 반대하거나 제한; (v) 부정확하거나 사실이 아니거나 불완전하거나 부적절하게 처리된 개인 정보의 수정 또는 수정을 추구; (vi) 귀하의 동의를 철회; (vii) 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 당사가 귀하에 대해 보유한 개인 정보 삭제를 요청.
귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com 으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 이메일 또는 우편을 받고 나서 합리적인 기간 내에 준거법에 따라 귀하의 요청을 처리할 것이며, 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 중단할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 요청을 이행하기 전에 귀하의 신원을 확인하는 조치를 취할 것입니다. 귀하가 동의를 철회하거나 귀하의 개인 정보를 삭제하는 경우 당사 서비스의 일부 사용에 영향을 미칠 수 있음을 유의해 주시기 바랍니다.
캘리포니아 거주자는 캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법에 의해 부여된 권리 행사 시에 당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
아동에 대한 정보
당사는 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 기타 연령)의 아동으로부터 고의로 개인 정보를 수집하거나 요청하지 않습니다. 귀하가 만약 16세 미만인 경우 이름, 주소, 전화번호 또는 이메일 주소를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 개인 정보를 당사에 보내지 않도록 합니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만 아동에 대한 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com으로 이메일을 보내거나(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 등기 우편을 보낼 수 있습니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 다른 연령)의 어린이로부터 개인 정보를 수집한 사실을 알게 되시면 즉시 해당 정보를 삭제하고 관련 계정을 종료하는 조치를 취하도록 하겠습니다.
국경 간 데이터 전송
귀하는 당사를 통해 또는 당사에 의해 수집된 모든 정보가 싱가포르, 중화인민공화국, 미국, 유럽 연합, 클라우드, 당사 서버, 당사 계열사의 서버 또는 당사 서비스 제공업체의 서버를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 전 세계 어디에서나 당사 서비스 제공을 위해 전송, 처리 및 저장될 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
캘리포니아 거주자인 경우
캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법(“CCPA”)은 캘리포니아 거주자에게 당사가 수집한 개인 정보의 범주에 대해 알 권리를 제공합니다.
개인정보의 범주
당사가 수집?
식별자
네
캘리포니아의 개인 정보 범주 리스트 소비자 기록 법령(Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
네
캘리포니아 또는 연방법에 따른 보호 등급의 특성
네
상업 정보
네
생체 정보
네
인터넷 활동 또는 전자 네트워크 활동 정보
네
지리적 위치 데이터
네
오디오, 전자, 시각, 열, 후각 또는 이와 유사한 정보
네
전문직 또는 고용 관련 정보
아니오
비공개 교육 정보 (가족 교육 권리 및 개인 정보 보호법 (20 USC Section 1232g, 34 CFR Part 99)에 따름)
아니오
다른 개인 정보에서 추론하여 프로필 작성
네
CCPA는 또한 캘리포니아 거주자에게 개인 정보 "판매"를 거부할 수 있는 권리를 제공합니다. CCPA에 따르면 "판매"란 가치가 있는 고려 대상으로서 제3자에게 개인 정보를 제공하는 것으로 광범위하게 정의됩니다. 이는 반드시 개인정보 양도와 금전을 교환한 것을 의미하는 것은 아닙니다.
CCPA의 목적상 "판매"에는 당사 서비스 또는 기타 사이트에 대상 광고를 제공하기 위해 대상 광고 서비스를 사용하는 것이 포함될 수 있습니다. 대부분의 모바일 애플리케이션과 마찬가지로 당사는 이러한 서비스를 사용하여 귀하에게 서비스 및 관련 혜택을 제공할 수 있습니다. 결과적으로 Meitu는 다음 범주의 개인 정보를 "판매"할 수 있습니다: 식별자(예: 광고 ID) 인터넷 활동; 지리적 위치 데이터 프로필을 생성하기 위해 도출된 추론 사항.
당사는 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자인 경우, 당사는 매년 귀하에게 전년도 동안 직접 마케팅을 목적으로 귀하의 개인 정보를 공개했거나 공유한 제3자 목록을 획득할 수 있는 기회를 무료로 제공할 것입니다. 귀하가 캘리포니아 거주자이고 본 목록을 받고자 하는 경우 "BeautyCam 앱 - 캘리포니아 거주자의 개인 정보 보호 권리"라는 제목의 이메일을
compliance@meitu.com
으로 보내시거나 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 등기 우편을 보내주시기 바랍니다.
네바다 거주자인 경우
당사는 네바다 거주자의 개인 정보를 판매하지 않습니다.
준거법
본 정책은 법률 조항의 충돌에 관계없이 중화인민공화국 홍콩특별행정구 법률에 따라 수립되고 발효되며 시행 및 해석됩니다. 이에 따라 발생하는 모든 분쟁은 서비스 약관에 따라 해결됩니다. 당사는 이 정책이 특정 관할권의 개인 정보 보호법을 준수함을 진술하거나 보증하지 않습니다. 따라서 귀하는 그러한 법률에 따라 이 정책을 해석해서는 안 됩니다.
본 정책의 개정
귀하는 관련 법규 및 당사의 비즈니스 결정에 따라 당사가 본 정책을 업데이트할 수 있다는 데 동의하며 귀하는 그러한 개정 사항을 따를 것에 동의합니다. 당사는 본 정책에 대한 중요한 변경 사항을 BeautyCam에 게시하거나 법에서 요구하는 다른 방법으로 귀하에게 통지할 것입니다.
일본 사용자의 경우
데이터 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 정지에 대한 권리
귀하가 일본에 있는 경우 데이터 주체로서 귀하는 개인 데이터의 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 중지를 요청할 권리가 있으며 당사는 과도 지체 없이 귀하의 요청에 응할 의무가 있습니다. 귀하는
compliance@meitu.com (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)으로
이메일을 보내시거나 또는 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다.
한국 사용자의 경우
국제 데이터 전송
당사는 이용자의 개인정보를 '정보이용방법'에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며, 원칙적으로 이용자의 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 그러나 귀하의 동의가 있는 경우 귀하에게 정보 공유 및 공개에 설명된 당사 서비스를 제공하기 위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 수집, 전송 및 다른 곳에서 저장 및 처리할 수 있습니다.
전송된 개인 정보: 위의 본 정책의 "당사가 수집하는 정보" 섹션을 참조합니다
전송 날짜 및 방법: 보관 및 처리를 위해 제출 시 전송
개인정보가 전송되는 국가: 중화인민공화국
개인 정보 보유: 위의 본 정책의 "데이터 보유" 섹션을 참조합니다
또한, 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 대한민국 외부에 위치해 있는 다음 제3자에게 전송할 수 있습니다:
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
해당 제3자 플랫폼의 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기간 동안
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
귀하의 거주지 외부에서 정보를 공유할 때마다 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가 적절하게 보호되도록 정보 전송이 귀하의 현지 법률을 준수하도록 확인합니다.
귀하의 개인 정보가 한국 외부로 전송되는 것을 원하지 않는 경우 당사는 귀하에게 당사 제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다.
또한 당사는 다음과 같은 제3자로부터 귀하의 개인 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
당사 계정이 종료될 때까지
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할 것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 다음의 절차와 방법에 따라 파기합니다.
1.파기절차 : 당사는 파기대상 개인정보를 선정하고 정보보호책임자의 승인을 받아 파기합니다.
2.파기방법 : 전자적으로 저장, 파일된 개인정보는 기록 재생이 불가능한 수단을 사용을 통해 삭제가 가능한 방식을 취해 파기합니다.
개인정보 보호 및 불만처리 담당부서
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com  (이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)
개인정보처리방침 개정 내역
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.08]
사용자 동의서
1. 나는 아래 내용에 동의합니다.
2. 나는 14세 이상입니다. (필수)
3. 나는 이용 약관에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
4. 나는 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
5. 나는 특정 선택 기능에 대해 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다 (선택)
「지금 보기」
6. 나는 나의 민감정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
7. 나는 마케팅 목적으로 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
8. 나는 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전에 동의합니다. (선택)
「지금 보기」
9. 나는 제3자로의 개인정보 해외 이전에 동의합니다. (필수)
「지금 보기」
1. 개인정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 (개인정보보호정책에 정의된) 제품 및 서비스 사용에 관한 통계 개발 및 분석
국제 이동 단말기 식별 번호 (이하 “IMEI”), 고유 장치 식별자 (이하 “UDID”) 또는 안드로이드 ID, 범용 고유 식별자 (이하 “GUUID”), 광고 식별자 (이하 “IDFA”) 및 벤더 식별자 (이하 “IDFV”), 집적 회로 카드 식별자 (이하 “ICCID”), 매체 접근 제어(이하 “MAC”) 주소, 사용자 기기 유형, 운영체제 버전, 기기에 설치된 모바일 애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
모바일 분석: 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치
네트워크 정보: 운영자 이름, 네트워크 유형, 연결된 와이파이 네트워크 이름, 와이파이 네트워크 위치, 와이파이 연결 시간 등 사용 중인 네트워크에 대한 정보
로그 정보: 당사 서비스 사용 시점 및 빈도에 관한 상세 정보, 주요 운영 경로, 에러, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대 등을 포함하는 기기 통계
기타 정보: 사용자 운영체제 유형 및 버전 번호, 시스템 언어 및 애플리케이션 목록에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam에서 제공하는 서비스(서비스 약관에 정의됨)를 이용할 수 없습니다.
2.특정 선택 기능에 대한 개인정보 수집 및 이용
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
계정의 생성
이동전화번호, 기기 ID, 
                이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일, 위치
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스의 제공
네트워크 정보, IP 주소, 시스템 시간대, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
사용자 경험을 개선하기 위한 특정 선택 기능 사용(클라우드 편집 기능, "얼굴 인식", "키포인트 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 기능)
이미지 정보: EXIF 데이터
메타데이터: 사진 메타데이터
쿠키 사용: 사용자의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 제공자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영체제, 일시 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
3.민감정보의 수집 및 이용(선택)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
동영상 편집
음성 정보: 마이크 활성화 시 음성 데이터
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능 제공
얼굴 특징 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.   민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
4.(마케팅 목적의) 개인정보 수집 및 이용과 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
마케팅 및 광고
광고 ID, 지리상 위치, IP 주소, 애플리케이션 목록, 사용자 기기에 설치된 애플리케이션 패키지 이름
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam가 제공하는 일부 서비스(예: 맞춤형 광고)에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다(수집 및 이용 거부 시에도 BeautyCam 이용은 가능합니다).
5.제3자로의 개인정보 이전(필수)
정보 수신자의 신원 및 수신자 내 개인정보 담당자 연락처
수신자의 위치
수신자의 개인정보 이용 목적
이전되는 개인정보 항목
이전 시기 및 방법
수신자의 개인정보 보유 및 이용 기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Apple의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Google의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Meta Platforms의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
중화인민공화국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
BeautyCam 이용 시작 시 온라인 이전
Tencent의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
귀하는 상기 개인정보의 필수 이전을 거부할 권리가 있습니다.  개인정보 필수 이전을 거부하는 경우 BeautyCam를 이용할 수 없습니다.
美颜相机基本功能个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2023年11月2日
【引言】
欢迎您使用我们的产品和服务！
        我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们承诺将按法律法规的要求，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策，并着重阅读斜体加粗字体。
您同意基本功能个人信息保护政策，仅代表您同意美颜相机以为您提供基本功能为目的，收集处理必要的个人信息。如您使用美颜相机其他附加功能或需收集敏感个人信息的基本功能时，我们会在您使用具体功能时单独征求您的同意。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）账号及安全
1、注册、登录及使用美图账号
您可以通过手机号创建美图账号，并且您可以完善您的账号信息；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称，您也可以选择跳过手机号注册，未创建美图账号，将不影响您使用美颜相机的基本功能。
2、向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会收集您的设备信息
（android为android_id、oaid、gaid、aaid、vaid，ios为idfa、idfv）
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行的瞬间，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为，当美颜相机处于后台静置状态时，将不会收集任何信息。
3、维护产品安全及时排除故障
为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
AID、IDFA、设备型号信息及登陆IP地址、操作日志信息、设备品牌、系统版本、CPU信息。
这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
4、节省网络流量
我们还可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型
，以实现在内容推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的。
（二）拍摄美化
1、照片、视频拍摄
当您拍摄照片、视频，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用
您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息
，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
2、图片美化、人像美容
当您使用图片美化、人像美容功能时，我们会收集不识别任何特定个人的
粗略间接画像特征（如大类别：风景、美食、人像等）
并通过算法进行图片特征分析，用以帮助您选择更加精准的滤镜、特效等。
3、贴纸
当您使用贴纸时，我们会利用iOS的
ARKit
应用程序接口中
映像深度相关资讯运算结果
，以达到更好的影像处理效果，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会上传资料到服务器。
4、小头功能
当您使用小头功能时，我们会用实例分割技术识别
轮廓参数（不会识别人脸等敏感信息）
。收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
（三）消息通知及内容推送
1、消息通知
我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息、续费通知或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过以下路径退订：
我-设置-隐私与通知-关闭按钮「允许设备接收短信通知」
2、内容推送
为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。我们需要收集的信息包括您的设备标识信息
（android为android_id、oaid、gaid、aaid、vaid，ios为idfa、idfv）、应用列表信息、IP地址、语言及时区及美颜相机中的浏览记录。
如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过以下路径关闭：
（1）关闭“个性化内容推荐“：我—设置—隐私与通知—个性化展示，
（2）关闭“个性化广告推荐“：我—设置—隐私与通知—个性化广告推荐，
美颜相机无跨平台推荐功能，不会使用上述信息在其他平台为您推荐个性化广告或内容。
3、剪贴板
您在使用口令进行分享或使用兑换码兑换相应福利时，我们需要在本地访问您的剪切板，且仅读取美颜相机相关的口令码或兑换码信息。我们仅在本地识别出剪贴板信息属于美颜相机相关的口令码或兑换码时，才会将其上传服务器，除此之外，我们将不会上传剪贴板的其他信息至服务器。
（四）系统权限及个人信息清单
1、个人信息清单
您也可以通过
《基本功能个人信息收集清单》
简单便捷地了解基本功能所需的个人信息，附加功能所需收集的个人信息，我们将会在您使用附加功能时，单独获取您的同意。
2、系统权限
在您使用部分功能时，需要手机系统权限授权，我们会单独征求您的同意，拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的，
具体详情请见
《权限申请与使用情况说明》
。如您不同意开启权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可根据设备系统按照如下路径撤回授权：
iOS系统撤回授权的路径为：
（1）相机权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—相机权限，
（2）存储权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—存储权限，
（3）录音权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—录音权限，
（4）蓝牙权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—蓝牙服务，
（5）通知权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—通知权限，
（6）地理位置权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—地理位置权限，
（7）广告标识符权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—广告标识符权限。
安卓系统撤回授权的路径为：
(1)相机权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—相机权限，
(2)存储权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—存储权限，
(3)录音权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—录音权限，
(4)通知权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—通知权限，
(5)地理位置权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—地理位置权限，
(6)设备IMSI/IMEI号获取权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—设备IMSI/IMEI号获取权限。
（五）从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
您自主使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）或手机号码一键登录登录美图时，我们将从第三方合作伙伴处获得以下个人信息：
第三方名称
个人信息
使用场景
深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司
该平台登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括昵称、头像）
微信登录
深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司
QQ登录
北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司
微博登录
世纪龙信息网络有限责任公司
手机号码
电信一键登录
中移互联网有限公司
移动一键登录
2）美图需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美图用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。
        在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【我—设置—账号管理—第三方账号绑定-绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：
获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：
我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、向合作方共享个人信息
仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以保障为您共享的服务得以顺利完成，并帮助我们共享更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的要求以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，
您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》。
（二）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会通过短信、电话等方式向您告知个人信息接收方的名称和联系方式。我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此美颜相机个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（三）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（四）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1、为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2、为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3、为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4、为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5、依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6、法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与 “服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS 安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取 的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
6、我们已经通过了公安部信息安全等级保护三级认证，并实时跟进相关法律、法规、标准的更新和合规，我们将会尽最大努力抵御并处置各类信息安全的威胁，为您的信息安全提供全方位保障。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正：
您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【个人主页】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像等进行访问和更正。
2、搜索信息：
您可在【美颜相机】-【搜索栏】-【搜索记录】-【清空搜索记录】中删除您的搜索历史记录，
3、发布内容分享与删除：
您可以于【美颜相机】-【我】进入【个人主页】，并通过【内容】右上角的【●●●】随时分享、删除您自己发布的信息内容。
4、账号信息访问与更正：
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【设置】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定等信息。
5、个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
6、发生以下情形，我们将删除已收集的相关个人信息，您也可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
（1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
（2）我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
（3）您撤回同意的；
（4）我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
（5）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如此时法律、行政法规规定的保存期限尚未届满，我们将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（三）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（四）注销账号
1、注销当前应用账号：您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【注销账号】--【注销当前应用账号】进行。选择注销当前美颜相机APP账号时，我们将在您注销后立即清除存储于美颜相机内的您的所有个人信息及数据。
2、注销美图账号：您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【注销账号】--【注销美图账号】进行。选择注销当前美图账号时，注销为不可逆行为，注销后该美图账号无法登录，无法找回。该美图账号在美图系所有产品内的所有信息（包括但不限于您的个人信息、粉丝数、发布作品、评论、点赞、交易信息等）都会被清除，您的朋友将无法通过美图账号联系到您，请您谨慎操作。
您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。本产品的开发者为厦门美图网科技有限公司。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市同安区滨海西大道2557号美峰创谷2号楼美图大厦（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
Sub-policy 8
https://pro.meitu.com/meiyan/agreements/privacy_policy_history/privacy_policy-2024-09-03.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 3 September 2024
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
        is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users (“
users
” or
        “
you
”). This Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is meant
        to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage
        and protect your user information (including your personal information)
        as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws
        during your use of BeautyCam application including all its features (our
        “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user
        information (including your personal information) collected or received
        by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy, “
personal
        information
” refers to any information or combination of information
        that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom
        the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE
              COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF
              YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE
              MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
              THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY,
              PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories
        of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you
        do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be
        able to complete the registration process or provide you with our
        Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this
        Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and
        understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related
        matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries, feedback,
        suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual
        property infringement (including but not limited to any cancellation of
        subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        BeautyCam), you should contact us via email at
[global.support@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)]
.
If your email is sent to an
        incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may
        lead to a potential delay or failure in processing your requests
        properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and
        process your personal information and user information in accordance
        with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be
        unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure
        that all personal information and user information submitted to us is
        complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may
        result in our inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account
        with us to take full advantage of our Services and all their features.
        When you create an account, we will collect the following information
        that can be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that
        require a subscription fee, such as accessing to our premium content and
        enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription Service”). If you
        choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A
        third-party app store or payment processor may receive, access or use
        your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign
        up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a
        payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for
        information on how it maintains and uses personal financial information
        for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not collect any
        financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect
        information about your device, including its International Mobile
        Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (“OAID”), Integrated
        Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) address,
        the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile
        applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used
        by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without
        limitation to improve our technical functionality, server
        load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile
        device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect
        your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to
        share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting
        on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and
        improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that
        occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network
        you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so
        as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the
        WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and
        the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under
        which you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device
        if you choose to share it with us.
Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and
          system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage
        scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the
        real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos,
        and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data
        WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as
        otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location
        Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to
        collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access
        or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and
        device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location
        Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system
        time zone, as a result of you using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing
        certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log
        information stored in BeautyCam (“
Log Information
”). Log Information may
        include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii)
        device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes,
        language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve our
        Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you
        understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for
        processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of
        providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we
        will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain
        GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type,
        ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time,
        depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further
        optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo
        effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on BeautyCam, you agree that we may collect
        your voice data (i.e. audio clips or recordings of your voice) for video
        editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising
        purposes. You can turn off BeautyCam’s access to your microphone on your
        device at any time using the operating system settings on the device or
        by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put
        simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can
        describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of
        the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which
        are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial
        intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to
        provide you with certain features including precise “Facial
        Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content
        Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more
        suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your
        photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more
        contextually relevant products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as
        mentioned above, we may collect your facial feature information
        (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may
        detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and
        facial manipulation features. The information we collect will not be used
        for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the
        closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
        This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data
        in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage
        from time to time to provide customized Services for each user. Cookies
        are small amounts of information that the server uses to operate the
        app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard
        disk in the user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies.
        Information collected may include information about your Internet
        Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
        referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps,
        and clickstream data.
Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information
          optimized for each user by identifying the visit to and use type of
          each service and website that the user has visited, popular search
          terms, secure access status, etc.
Installation, operation and refusal of cookies:  A user may refuse
          the installation of cookies by sending an email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience
          difficulties in using customized Services.
Information Collected Through ChatGPT Integration
When you use the ChatGPT integrated features in BeautyCam, we may collect and process personal information that is included in your text inputs and the generated outputs.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements
        within our Services, and with your consent, we may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location
        and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these
        advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use
        other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and
        collect the application package names of the applications installed on
        your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track
        and provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic
        location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based
        advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
[global.support@meitu.com].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out
        of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s
        Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits
        (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These
        third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect
        and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may
        allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content
        that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information
        such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a
        given language is used), location information and IP address under their
        respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third
        parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your
        identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and
        version number of your operating system to better understand system
        upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the
        purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to
        understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information,
        we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user
        information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services
        provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use
        of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products
        and our Services.
(iii)
To create an account.
The personal information that we collect
        when you use our Services to create an account will be used by us to
        create your account and profile.
(iv)
To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we
        or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location
        information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our
        Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v)
To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our
        products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi)
To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the
        success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product
        releases.
(vii)
To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized
        logins to your account.
(viii)
To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we
        may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and
        retain the records.
(ix)
Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use
        information about you for purposes under the “The Information We
        Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
        legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying
        our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on
        our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may
        include:
(i)   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii)  Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv)  Providing customer services;
(v)   Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi)  Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our
        service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except
        for the purposes of:
(i)   protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)  preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv)  taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The
        Information We Collect” or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)  complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
        departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties,
        which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi)  evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a
        merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization,
        bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where
        your information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful
        bases and we typically rely on one of the following four legal bases: -
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any
        services you have requested);
(iii)legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information
        to provide and improve our Services, including protecting your account,
        providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
        lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact
        on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise
        required or permitted by law); and
(iv)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or
        requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law
        enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your
        personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In
        addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our
        Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and
        we do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites
        or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
        and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these
        other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of,
        unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some
        of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect
        your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in
        the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures,
        we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You
        understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
        any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for
        unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the
        system and communication network used by you to access our Services may
        fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure
        that you can access, update and correct your personal information or
        other personal information provided to us by you when using our
        Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal
        information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the
        security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i)
        request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal
        information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal
        information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information
        that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to
        another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict
        our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment
        of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal
        information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of
        personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable
        laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or
        mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal
        information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
        To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity
        before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your
        consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our
        Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
        treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the
        California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
        children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
        region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address,
        phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any
        information about children under 16, you may send an email to
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal
        information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law
        applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such
        information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may
        be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including
        but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European
        Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide our Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and
        interpreted under the laws of the
        Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of
        China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes
        arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of
        Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret
        this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and
        regulations or based on our business decisions, and you agree to be
        bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes
        to this Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by
        law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation(collectively, “
GDPR
”), you will find the relevant details on the processing of your personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request
        the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your
        personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue
        delay. You may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or by mail to Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
        Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope
        specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in principle, will not
        provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with
        your consent, for purposes of providing our Services described under
        INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect your personal
        information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The
          Information We Collect” of this Policy above
Transfer date and method: transfer immediately upon signing up for 
          membership and from time to time via telecommunication network when necessary
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s
          Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data
          Retention” of this Policy above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third
        parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant
                third party platform
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Subscription payment services
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party platform
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Subscription payment services
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party platform
Topon Pte. Ltd.
https://help.toponad.com/docs/Privacy-Policy
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID,  OAID, IDFV, Android ID, MAC address, IMEI, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party platform
Mintegral International Limited
https://www.mintegral.com/cn/privacy
Provision of advertising
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID, MAC address, IDFA, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of
                   the relevant third party platform
Bytedance Pte Ltd
https://www.pangleglobal.com/zh/privacy/enduser-zhtw
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, location, IP User's UID
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party platform
AppLovin Corporation
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, location, IDFV, IP User's UID
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party platform
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that
        the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal
        information is adequately protected.
You may refuse the above overseas transfer of your personal information 
        by contacting our department in charge of protecting personal information as stated
        below.  If you refuse to the said overseas transfer of your personal information, we
        will exclude your personal information from those subject to overseas transfer.
        However, in such case, we may restrict your use of our Services that require overseas 
        transfer of personal information.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third
        parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information Until your
                termination of your account with us
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Google LLC.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of
        our business or legal purposes, we will delete your information
        (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of
        your account with us. We will destroy your personal information
        according to the following procedures and methods.
1.Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to
        destruction and destroy them with approval of our data protection
        officer.
2.Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and
        filed electronically in a way that can be deleted by using a means that
        renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling
          Complaints
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
        title)
Processing of Personal Location Information (For Users in South Korea)
Purposes of processing personal location information and retention period
The name of location-based service provided by us and the purpose of processing personal location information and
          retention period thereof are as follows:
Name of Service
Description of Service and Purpose of Processing Personal Location Information
Retention Period of Personal Location Information
Targeted advertising service
Provision of targeted advertising services using personal location information
Retention period necessary to provide services to users
Geotagging service
Geotagging of photo taken at landmarks, etc.
Grounds for and retention period ofdata verifying use and provision of personal location information
We record and retain data verifying use and provision of location information pursuant to Article 16, Paragraph (2)
          of the Act on Protection and Use of Location Information (the “Location Information Act”) for at least 6
          months.
Procedures and methods for destruction ofpersonal location information
We take measures to ensure complete destruction of personal location information in an irrevocable manner
          when the purpose of processing personal location information is achieved.  Electronic files are destroyed by
          technical means that cannot be restored or reproduced, and printouts are destroyed by shredding or incinerating.
Matters concerning provision of personal location information to a third party
and notification
                  thereof
;
We will not provide personal location information to any third party without obtaining prior consent from
          you. If we provide your personal location information to a third party designated by you, we will notify
          you of the designated recipient’s name, date and time of the provision, and purpose of
          the provision at the time of each provision without delay.
We will provide personal location information only in the following cases (i) where you consent to the
          provision of personal location information for the purpose of using the services provided by an external
          partner; (ii) where we are obligated to provide your personal location information pursuant to
          applicable laws and regulations; or (iii) where there is an imminent risk to your life or safety is
          identified and it is necessary to provide your personal location information to resolve such risk.
Rights and duties of legal guardians and the method of exercising such rights and duties
Where a legal guardian of user who falls under any of the following categories consents to the use or
          provision of personal location information for the protection of such user's life or body, it will be deemed
          that the user has given consent thereto.
A person under adult guardianship
A person with a mental disability defined in Article 2 (2) 2 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities,
              who is classified as a person with a severe disability defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Act on the
              Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities (limited to those registered as
              disabled persons under Article 32 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities);
A legal guardian who intends to consent to the use or provision of personal location information for the
          protection of such user’s life or body shall submit a written consent to us, together with a document
          evidencing his/her legal guardian status.
After giving consents to the use or provision of such user’s personal location information, the legal
          guardian can exercise all of the rights of the personal location information on behalf of the user under
          the Location Information Act.
Name, contact information such as telephone number of location management officer or department in charge of
              protecting personal location information and handling complaints.
Information Technology Department
compliance@meitu.com
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 08/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 22/12/2022)
Privacy Policy (updated on 04/05/2023)
Privacy Policy (updated on 31/05/2023)
Privacy Policy (updated on 12/06/2023)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that we may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information from the photos or images
        you provide. We may use such information to verify your identity, to provide and improve the Service, and for our
        internal research purposes. If your biometric information is subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy
        Act, we will delete your biometric information within three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
          information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
correct your personal information;
request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal
          information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable
          privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly
          significant effects concerning you;
request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote
            “BeautyCam” in your email title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will
        process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by
        informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
        California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time)
        (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
        collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service
        provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
                    Purpose
Identifiers
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
                1798.80(e))
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Commercial information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Biometric information
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Sensory data
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g, 34
                C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state
                identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or
                credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials
                allowing access to an account
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical
                beliefs, or union membership
· Service providers
· Our affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless
                Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
        using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How We
        Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will retain
        personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
        nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for “cross-context
        behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have actual knowledge of any
        “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral
        advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
To provide the Services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
          integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible
          for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve, upgrade, or
          enhance our Services or devices.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights
        conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted
        under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
        verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Examples of
        our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with
        you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
        your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your designated
        agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
        GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
        personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information on
        our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
Information on the controller
Identity and contact details of the controller
Meitu (China) Limited
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Identity and contact details of the controller’s representatives
The European Union
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
The United Kingdom
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Meitu (China) Limited
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
Information on the processing of personal data
Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information between your
                terminal device and the applications’ server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content accessed, the
                content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a requirement
                necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not a statutory or
                contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the
                data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Unique
                Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID), User ID (UID), Identifier for
                Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated
                Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type
                of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and
                resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include information
                such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage,
                performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the location
                of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and system time
                zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device
                statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS coordinates
                where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the front and rear cameras
                and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
                photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial mapping
                information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
                referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced when the
                token is expired (after 30 days).
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
                geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information,
                IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to
                enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until you delete
                it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for the
                purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of our Services
                and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Topon Pte. Ltd.
Mintegral International Limited
Bytedance Pte Ltd
AppLovin Corporation
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse data
                regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or
                providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Topon Pte. Ltd.
Mintegral International Limited
Bytedance Pte Ltd
AppLovin Corporation
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to assist in
                law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
                controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with any failure
                of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used for the
                provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing, website
                fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision of our
                websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of incidents (e.g. DDoS
                attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or taking
                steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third
            countries and/or international organizations
Recipient
Recipient’s role
Transfers to third countries and/or international organisations
Adequacy decision or appropriate or suitable safeguards for transfers to third countries and/or
                  international organisations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data by
                concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the
                recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Topon Pte. Ltd.
Processor
Singapore
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for Singapore. We have secured your data by concluding so-called standard data
                    protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Mintegral International Limited
Processor
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China. We have secured your data by concluding
                so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can
                obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Bytedance Pte Ltd
Processor
Singapore
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for Singapore. We have secured your data by concluding so-called standard
                 data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
AppLovin Corporation
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding so-called standard data
                 protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Information on the use of cookies or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
        storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
        of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or your
        device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or a
        website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie and
        the information it contains can be retrieved.
a)
First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
        cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or by a
                processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website that are
                not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b)
Transient
            and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser is closed
c)
Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
        distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested by a
                participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
Management of the cookies
            used in our app and on our website
a)
Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the
            data protection settings of our app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
        your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in the
        information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
        However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b)
Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different browsers
        have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
        you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
Cookies used in our app and
            on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired
                (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is expired (30
                days)
No
Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
          I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
        your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on the
        processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in Art. 15
        GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
        your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information listed
        in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the categories of
        personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have
        been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR.
Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
        inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR.
Right to erasure
            (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions provided
        in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to erase
        your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR applies. This
        can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they
        were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of
        any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one of
        the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is necessary
        for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
        (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
        GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy of
        the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify the
        accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
        (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR.
Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
        hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
        processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR.
Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
        object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the
          particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling based
        on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
        GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
        GDPR Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and
        freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to
        such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes
        in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to withdraw
              consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
        pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
        processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
        consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
Right to lodge a complaint
              with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions provided
        in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authorities responsible for us are:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information Commissioner’s Office
E-mail: dpo@ico.org.uk
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in
              this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General Data
        Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR.
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
        Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
        natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly
        or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data,
        an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
        cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
        which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on
        personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
        organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
        transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
        destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
        the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse
        or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
        preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
        where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the
        specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
        body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may
        receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall
        not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with
        the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
        other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or
        processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
        governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement between
        two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
        (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom.
FOR USERS IN VIETNAM
If you are a user in Vietnam, this section will supplement and constitute an integral part of the Policy, and is
            formulated in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations in Vietnam, including Decree 13/2023/ND-CP on
            personal data protection (as amended from time to time) and other relevant laws, regulations, regulatory
            requirements and national standards that govern or otherwise relate to the processing of your personal information
            during the use of our Services (collectively, the “
Vietnam Privacy
                    Regulations
”).
The terms in this section shall have the same meaning defined under the Policy unless otherwise clearly specified. In
            the event of any conflict between the terms in this section and the provisions of the main body of the Policy, the
            terms in this section will prevail.
The Information We Collect
In this Policy, “
personal information
” or
            “
personal data
” refers to any information in the form of symbols,
            letters, numbers, images, sounds or the like on an electronic medium that is associated with a particular person or
            helps to identify a particular person. Personal information includes basic personal data and sensitive personal
            data.
Some of the personal information that we collect may comprise “
sensitive personal
                    data
”. This refers to personal data that is associated with your privacy that, when
            violated, will directly affect your legitimate rights and interests. Sensitive personal data that we collect and
            process include but not limited to location information, voice information and facial feature information.
Scope of Processing
The Policy explains how we “
process
” your personal information. This
            includes how we may collect, record, analyse, verify, store, correct, disclose, associate, access, retrieve, revoke,
            encrypt, decrypt, copy, share, transmit, provide, transfer, delete, destroy or undertake such other related actions
            in respect of your personal information.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
We will only process your personal information when we have a legal basis to do so. In most cases, we process your
            personal information after we have obtained your consent for the purposes listed in the Policy.
Your personal information may also be processed in the following cases and for which your consent will not be
            required, including:
in cases of emergency where it is necessary to immediately process the relevant personal information to protect
                the life and health of you or others;
disclosure of the personal information in accordance with the law;
processing of personal information by the competent state agencies in the event of a state of emergency on
                national defence, national security, social order and safety, major disasters or dangerous epidemics; or where
                there is a risk of a threat to security and national defence but not to the extent of declaring a state of
                emergency; or to prevent and combat riots and terrorism, to prevent and combat crimes and violations of the law
                in accordance with the law;
fulfilment of obligations under contracts with you with relevant agencies, organisations and individuals as
                prescribed by law;
to serve the activities of state agencies as prescribed by specialised laws; and
other cases as prescribed by the law.
Your rights
In accordance with the applicable Vietnam Privacy Regulations, you have the following rights in respect of your
            personal information that you disclose to us:
Right to know:
You have the right to be informed of the data
                processing activities in respect of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to consent
: You have the right to agree (or not agree) to the processing
                of your personalinformation, except in the following cases:
in cases of emergency where it is necessary to immediately process the relevant personal informationto protect
                the life and health of you or others;
disclosure of the personal informationin accordance with the law;
processing of personal informationby the competent state agencies in the event of a state of emergency
                on national defence, national security, social order and safety, major disasters or dangerous epidemics; or
                where there is a risk of a threat to security and national defence but not to the extent of declaring
                a state of emergency; or to prevent and combat riots and terrorism, to prevent and combat crimes and violations
                of the law in accordance with the law;
fulfilmentof obligations under contracts with you with relevant agencies, organisations and individuals as
                prescribed by law;
to serve the activities of state agencies as prescribed by specialisedlaws; and
other cases as prescribed by the laws.
Right of access
: You have the right to access your personal
                        informationin order to view, correct or request correction of your personal information, unless the law
                        provides otherwise.
Right to withdraw consent
: You have the right to withdraw your consent
                        in respect of the processing of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to deletion
: You have the right to delete or request the
                        deletion of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to restriction of data processing
: You have the right to
                        restrict the processing of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise. The restriction
                        will be carried out within 72 hours after your request, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to be provided with data
: You have the right to request us to
                        provide you with your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
Right to object:
You have the right to object our processing of your
                        personal information in order to prevent or limit the disclosure of your personal
                        information or its use for advertising and marketing purposes, unless the law provides otherwise.
                        We will fulfil your request within 72 hours after receiving such request, unless the law provides
                        otherwise.
Right to complain, denounce and initiate lawsuits
: You have the right
                        to complain, denounce and initiate lawsuits in accordance with the law.
Right to claim compensation
: You have the right to claim compensation
                        in accordance with the law if there is a violation of the applicable laws, unless the law provides or
                        agreed otherwise by you and us.
Right to self-defence
: You have the right to self-defence according to
                        the applicable law, or to request the relevant agencies and organisations to protect your civil rights
                        as prescribed in Article 11 of Vietnam's Civil Code.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any question about our processing of your personal information, please
            send us a request using the contact details specified at the beginning of this Policy. In order to process this
            request, note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information in order to confirm your identity.
Your obligations
In accordance with the applicable Vietnam Privacy Regulations, you have the following obligations in respect of your
            personal information that you disclose to us:
To protect your own personal information and to request relevant organisations and individuals to protect your
                personal information;
To respect and protect the personal information of other data subjects;
To fully and accurately provide your personal information when you consent to the processing;
To participate in the distribution of personal information protection skills; and
To comply with the provisions of the law on the protection of personal information
Retention duration
We will process your personal information commencing from the time in which you access or use our Services
            and for a period that is no longer than necessary for the purposes identified in this Policy.
If we are required to process your personal information pursuant to or in order to comply with a legal obligation, we
            will keep your personal information for as long as it is required by us to comply with such obligation. Upon expiry
            of the applicable data retention period or required by law, we will delete your personal information.
Organisations involved in the processing of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, for processing in accordance with the purposes set out in
            the section “How we Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure”. Some of
            these parties may be located outside of Vietnam. These parties who are related to or involved in the processing of
            your personal information include:
Service providers that provide servicesto help with our business activities, including those involved in
                providing advertising, payment processing, customer service, fulfilment of subscription services, research and
                analytics, and cloud computing infrastructure;
Operators of social media platformsif you choose to share photos and/or videos on a social medial platform;
Law enforcement agencies, public authorities and regulators;
Our affiliates; and
Any other third party for the purposes set out in the section “Information Sharing and Disclosure”.
Language
This Privacy Policy is prepared and drafted in English, but may be translated into other languages (including but not
            limited to Vietnamese). Should any conflict arise between the English language version of this Agreement and any
            translation hereof, the English language version shall be controlling.
개인정보 처리방침
마지막 수정: 2023년 11월 27일
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다.
Meitu (China) Limited (“
당사
”, “
당사를
” 또는 “
당사의
”)는 사용자(“
사용자
” 또는 “
귀하
”)의 개인 정보를 보호하고자 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호
        정책(이 "
정책
")은 당사가 해당 데이터 보호법에 따라 컨트롤러 및/또는 비즈니스로서 모든
        기능을 포함하여 BeautyCam 애플리케이션을 사용하는 동안 귀하의 사용자
        정보(귀하의 개인 정보 포함)를 수집, 저장, 사용, 관리 및 보호하는 방법에 관한
        당사의 관행을 설명하기 위한 것입니다(당사 "
서비스
").
본 정책의 범위는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사가 수집하거나 수신한
        귀하의 사용자 정보(개인 정보 포함)로만 제한된다는 점에 유의하시기 바랍니다.
        이 정책에서 "
개인 정보
"는 수집된 정보와 관련된 개인을 식별, 연락 또는 위치 확인에 사용할 수 있는
        모든 정보 또는 정보 조합을 의미합니다.
당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 이 정책과 이 정책에 제공된 방식으로
            개인 정보를 포함한 사용자 정보의 수집, 사용, 처리, 보유, 공개 및
            공유함에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 정책의 조건 또는 이 정책에 대한 후속 변경
            사항에 동의하지 않는 경우 당사 서비스 사용을 재고해 주시기 바랍니다.
특정 범주의 데이터를 제공은 필수 사항입니다(수집 시 지정된 대로). 필수
        표시된 데이터를 충분히 제공하지 않는 경우 등록 절차를 완료하거나 서비스를
        제공하지 못할 수 있습니다. 또한, 본 정책에서 용어를 정의하지 않는 한, 본
        정책에서 사용된 모든 대문자 용어는 서비스 약관에서와 동일한 의미를 가집니다.
        따라서 서비스 약관을 읽고 이해했는지 확인하세요.
본 정책 또는 개인 정보 보호 관련 문제에 대해 질문이 있는 경우 이메일
compliance@meitu.com
(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱" 인용
) 또는 등기 우편(Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1
        Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong <주의: Meitu 법률 부서>)을 통해
        데이터 보호 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다. 개인정보 보호 또는 지적
        재산권 침해와 관련이 없는 기타 모든 문의, 피드백, 제안 및/또는 불만
        사항(구독 취소, 결제 분쟁, 환불 요청 및 뷰티캠의 기술 지원을
        포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)은 이메일(
global.support
@meitu.com
)을
통해 당사에
문의하시기 바랍니다
.
귀하의 이메일이 잘못된 주제와 관련하여 잘못된 이메일 주소로 전송될 시
            해당 요청이 제대로 처리되지 못하거나 지연될 수 있습니다.
수집하는 정보
당사 서비스를 제공하고 개선하기 위해 당사는 본 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보
        및 사용자 정보를 수집하고 처리합니다. 귀하가 이 정보를 제공하지 않으면
        Meitu는 귀하에게 제품이나 서비스를 제공할 수 없습니다. 귀하는 당사에 제출된
        모든 개인 정보 및 사용자 정보가 완전하고 정확하며 진실되고 올바른지 확인해야
        합니다. 귀하가 그렇게 하지 않으면 당사가 귀하에게 당사 서비스의 전부 또는
        일부를 제공하지 못할 수 있습니다.
계정 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사 서비스 및 모든 해당 기능을 최대한
        활용하기 위해 당사 계정에 가입하는 것이 좋습니다. 귀하가 계정을 만들 때
        당사는 다음 정보를 수집하고 이는 귀하를 식별하거나 귀하에게 서비스를
        제공하는 데 이용될 수 있습니다.
필수 : 휴대전화번호, 기기ID
선택 사항: 이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일 및 위치
누구나 당사 서비스에 액세스할 수 있지만 특정 서비스("
가입 서비스
")는 가입비가 필요한 경우가 있습니다(예:프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스, 광고 권한
        누리기 등). 구독 서비스에서 구매하기로 선택한 경우 장치 ID와 같은 특정 개인
        식별 정보를 수집합니다. 제3자 앱 스토어 또는 결제 프로세서는 거래 및 갱신을
        처리할 목적으로 귀하의 금융 정보 및 청구 주소를 수신, 액세스 또는 사용할 수
        있습니다. 만약 제 3자 앱 스토어나 결제 프로세서를 통해 구매를
        한다면, 해당 구매에 대한 개인 금융 정보의 수집 및 사용 방법에 대한
        자세한 내용은 해당 제 3자의 이용 약관을
        확인해야 합니다. 당사는 의심의 여지를 없애기 위해 귀하로부터 어떠한
        금융 정보도 수집하지 않습니다.
모바일 장치 정보
모바일 장치에서 당사의 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하의 장치에 대한 정보를
        수집할 것입니다. 이 정보에는 국제 모바일 장비 식별 번호(IMEI), 고유
        장치 식별자(UDID) 또는 Android 식별자, 범용 고유 식별자(GUUID), 사용자
        식별자(UID), 광고 식별자(IDFA) 및 공급업체 식별자(IDFV), 개방형 익명 장치
        식별자(OAID), 통합 회로 카드 식별자(ICCID), 미디어 액세스 제어(MAC)
        주소, 사용하는 장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치에 설치된 모바일
        애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도가 포함됩니다. 이 정보는 통계 및/또는 분석
        목적으로 사용되며, 기술 기능 향상, 서버 부하 분산, 귀하의 모바일 장치와
        관련된 기술 데이터 분석을 통한 서비스 및 그래픽 최적화 등을 포함합니다.
아래 "위치 정보" 섹션에 명시된 바와 같이 귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한
        경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의 위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수
        있습니다. 나중에 위치 정보 공유를 중단하려면 모바일 장치에서 관련 설정을
        편집하여 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석
당사는 당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선할 수 있도록 모바일 분석
        소프트웨어를 사용합니다. 이러한 소프트웨어는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도,
        애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는 이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터 및
        애플리케이션 다운로드 위치와 같은 정보를 기록할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 정보
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사용자가 사용하는 통신사 및 네트워크의
        분포를 이해하기 위해 통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형을 포함하여 귀하가 사용하는
        네트워크에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. 또한 귀하가 선호하는 당사 서비스 이용
        환경을 파악하기 위해 귀하가 연결하는 WiFi 네트워크의 이름, WiFi 네트워크의
        위치, WiFi 연결 시간 등의 정보를 수집합니다.
위치 정보
귀하가 당사와 공유하기로 선택한 경우 당사는 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 귀하의
        위치 기반 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
필수: 네트워크 정보, IP 주소 및 시스템 시간대
선택 사항: 국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치 및 시스템 국가
이 정보는 사용자 분포 및 사용 시나리오를 이해하는 데 도움이 되며 사용자에게
        올바른 버전의 앱, 지리적 위치의 재현 또는 사진을 찍거나 모든 동영상을
        촬영하는 실시간 지리적 위치 게시를 제공할 수 있고 서비스를 개선합니다.
        귀하의 동의를 얻지 않는 한 위치 데이터는 귀하를 개별적으로 식별하기 위해
        획득되거나 사용되지 않습니다. 이 방침에서 별도로 명시된 경우를 제외하고,
        당사는 이 위치 정보를 제3자와 공유하지 않습니다. 더 이상 당사가 그러한
        정보를 수집하거나 사용하는 것을 원하지 않는 경우, 귀하는 인터넷 접속 또는
        GPS를 끄거나 귀하의 네트워크, GPS 및 기기 정보에 대한 접근을 비활성화하면
        됩니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용한 결과로 당사는 귀하의 네트워크 정보, IP
        주소 및 시스템 시간대와 같은 일부 위치 정보를 계속 수신할 수 있습니다.
로그 정보
귀하가 특정 콘텐츠 생성 및 브라우징을 포함하여 일부 서비스를 사용할 때
        BeautyCam에 저장된 특정 관련 로그 정보("
로그 정보
")를
        자동으로 수집합니다. 로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와
        빈도에 대한 세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를
        포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다. 본 로그 정보는 서비스를 개선하는 데
        사용되며 사용자를 개별적으로 식별하는 데 사용되지 않습니다.
이미지 정보
당사 서비스의 클라우드 편집 기능을 사용하기로 선택함으로써 귀하는 귀하에게
        그러한 서비스를 제공하고 지속적인 최적화를 위해 처리한 후에 처리된 사진을
        귀하에게 반환하고자 귀하의 사진을 서버에 업로드해야 하고 또한 귀하의 장비에
        더 나은 사진 효과를 제공하는 등 서비스를 더욱 최적화하기 위해 귀하의 사진에
        대한 EXIF 데이터(EXIF 데이터에는 장비 제조사에 따라 사진을 촬영하고 처리한
        GPS 좌표, 장비 종류, ISO, 전후방 카메라 정보, 생성 시간 등이 포함될 수
        있음)를 수신함을 이해하고 동의합니다.
음성 안내
BeautyCam에서 마이크를 활성화함으로써 귀하는 비디오 편집을 위해 음성
        데이터(예: 오디오 클립 또는 음성 녹음)를 수집할 수 있다는 데 동의하게
        됩니다. 귀하의 음성 정보를 광고 목적으로 사용하지 않습니다. 장치의 운영 체제
        설정을 사용하거나 장치의 마이크를 음소거하여 언제든지 장치의 마이크에 대한
        BeautyCam의 액세스를 끌 수 있습니다.
메타데이터
메타데이터는 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련된 기술 데이터를 가리킵니다. 즉,
        메타데이터는 데이터를 설명하는 데이터입니다. 예를 들어, 메타데이터는 컴퓨터
        알고리즘과 인공지능에 의해 생성되고 태그가 지정된 사진 속 인물의
        얼굴 특징, 성별, 나이 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에 대한 분석 결과를
        설명할 수 있습니다. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 당사는 사진 메타데이터를
        사용하여 정확한 "얼굴 인식", "주요 지점 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 및
        이러한 기본 기능의 조합을 기반으로 하는 기타 사용자 정의 기능을 포함한 특정
        기능을 제공합니다. 당사는 당사 앱이 귀하의 사진을 처리할 때 귀하의 사진
        메타데이터를 사용하여 더 적합한 필터와 더 나은 사진 효과를 제공할 수
        있습니다. 당사는 또한 메타데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 더 맥락상으로 관련된
        제품 또는 서비스를 제공할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 특징 정보
특정 서비스를 제공하기 위해 위에서 언급한 메타데이터를 활용하는 것과 별도로
        귀하의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지를 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않음)를 수집하고
        얼굴 인식 기술을 사용하여 사진 및 카메라 경험에서 얼굴을 인식할 수 있습니다.
        당사는 얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능을 제공하기 위해 얼굴 마크를
        감지하고 사용할 수 있습니다. 당사가 수집하는 정보는 특정 개인을
        식별하는 데 사용되지 않으며, 언급된 기능을 제공하기 위한
        목적으로만 사용됩니다. 콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시
        얼굴 매핑 정보는 파기됩니다. 이 정보는 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다.
당사는 다른 목적으로 결과를 사용하거나 파일의 데이터를 캡처하거나 기록
        목적으로 서버에 데이터를 업로드하지 않습니다.
쿠키
당사는 이용자 개개인에게 맞춤화된 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 이용자의
        이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 '쿠키(cookie)'를 사용합니다. 쿠키란
        앱/웹 사이트를 운영하는데 이용되는 서버가 이용자의 기기에 보내는 소량의
        정보이며 이용자 기기 내의 하드디스크에도 저장됩니다. 귀하는 쿠키 설치를
        거부할 수 있습니다. 수집된 정보에는 귀하의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소,
        브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 공급자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제,
        날짜 및 타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
쿠키의 사용목적 : 쿠키는 이용자가 방문한 각 서비스 및 웹사이트에 대한 방문
          및 이용형태, 인기 검색어, 보안접속 여부 등을 파악하여 이용자에게 최적화된
          정보 제공을 위해 사용됩니다.
쿠키의 설치, 운영 및 거부: 사용자는
support
@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내어 쿠키 설치를 거부할 수 있습니다
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 기재)
.
이용자가 쿠키의 저장을 거부할 경우 맞춤형 서비스 이용에 어려움이 있을 수
          있습니다.
ChatGPT 통합을 통해 수집된 정보
귀하가 뷰티캠에 통합된 ChatGPT 기능을 사용할 때, 당사는 귀하의 텍스트 입력
        및 생성된 출력에 포함된 개인정보를 수집하고 처리할 수 있습니다.
광고 관련 정보
당사 및 당사의 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 당사 서비스 내에 광고를 포함할 수
        있으며 귀하의 동의 하에 이러한 광고를 전달하고 추적할 목적으로 귀하의 광고
        ID, 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소와 같은 귀하에 관한 정보를 수집하고 사용할 수
        있습니다. 장치에 광고 ID가 없는 경우 다른 영구 식별자를 사용할 수 있습니다.
        또한 당사는 귀하의 앱목록에 액세스하고 귀하의 장기에 설치된 애플리케이션의
        애플리케이션 패키지 이름을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 위의 정보를 사용하여
        적합성, 언어, 지리적 위치 및 기타 세부 정보를 기반으로 광고를 더 잘 계산,
        추적 및 제공할 수 있습니다. 관심사 기반 광고 수신을 거부하려면
global.support
@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내 수신을
        거부할 수 있습니다. 관심 기반 광고를 선택 해제한 후에도 일반
        광고는 계속 수신됩니다.
제3자 서비스가 수집하는 정보
귀하에게 제공되는 당사의 서비스에는 당사 서비스 제공자의 애플리케이션
        프로그래밍 인터페이스(API) 또는 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)가 포함될 수 있으며
        이는 해당 서비스 제공자의 추적 도구가 있을 수 있습니다. 이러한 제3자는 당사
        서비스에서 쿠키, API 및 SDK를 사용하고 사용자 정보를 수집 및 분석할 수
        있습니다. 또한 일부 제3자 SDK는 귀하와 더 관련 있는 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해
        광고주가 정보를 수집하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 제3자는 각자의 개인 정보 보호
        정책에 따라 장치 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치 정보
        및 IP 주소와 같은 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 그러한 제3자에 대한 자세한
        정보는
compliance@meitu
.com
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"이라고 인용하십시오)으로 이메일을 보내실
            수 있습니다
.
기타 정보
당사는 또한 귀하의 신원과 관련이 없는 기타 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 예를
        들어, 당사는 시스템 업그레이드를 더 잘 파악하기 위해 귀하의 운영 체제 유형
        및 버전 번호에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있고, 언어 적응을 위해 귀하의 시스템
        언어에 대한 정보를 수집할 수 있으며, 사용자 기본 설정을 파악하기 위해 귀하의
        앱 목록을 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사가 그러한 정보 수집을 하기로 선택한다면
        귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 향상시킬 목적으로 수집하게 됩니다.
정보 사용 방법
위에 나열된 용도 외에도 다음 목적을 위해 사용자 정보 및 개인 정보를 수집하고
        사용합니다.
서비스.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및
          당사 제품을 통해 제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
통계 분석.
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 제품 및 서비스
          사용 통계를 개발 및 분석.
계정 생성하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하여 계정을 생성할
          때 수집하는 개인 정보는 귀하의 계정 및 프로필을 생성하는 데 사용됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스를 제공하기.
귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할
          때 당사 또는 제3자 서비스 제공업체는 귀하에게 광고, 올바른 서비스 버전을
          제공하고 귀하가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻도록 돕기 위해 귀하의 위치 정보를
          이용할 수 있습니다.
사용자 경험을 향상시키기.
사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 특정
          선택적 기능을 통해 당사는 당사의 제품 및 서비스 사용에
          관한 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을 개선할 수 있습니다.
푸시 서비스를 제공하기.
당사는 장치 정보를 사용하여 광고
          성능 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공을 평가하기 위해 푸시 서비스를
          제공하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림을 제공할 수 있습니다.
귀하의 신원 확인하기.
귀하가 계정에 로그인할 때 문자
          메시지를 사용하여 귀하의 신원을 확인하면 귀하의 계정에 대한 무단 로그인을
          방지할 수 있습니다.
귀하로부터 피드백 수집.
귀하의 피드백은 서비스
          개선에 큰 도움이 됩니다. 귀하의 피드백을 추적하기 위해 Meitu는 귀하가
          제공한 개인 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 연락하고 기록을 보관할 수 있습니다.
기타 목적.
당사는 "당사가 수집하는 정보"에 따른 목적과
          작업 운영, 정당한 이익 추구 및 법적 의무 충족을 위해 귀하에 관한 정보를
          수집, 저장, 유지 및 사용할 것입니다(예: 연구(마케팅 조사 포함), 네트워크
          및 정보 보안, 및 사기 방지).
정보 공유 및 공개
당사는 당사의 사업 활동을 돕기 위해 당사를 대신하여 서비스를 제공하는
        제3자와 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스에는 다음이 포함될 수
        있습니다.
주문 이행 및 패키지 배송;
귀하에게 광고 제공;
결제 처리;
고객 서비스 제공;
구독 서비스 실행;
연구 및 분석 수행; 및
클라우드 컴퓨팅 인프라를 제공합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적을 제외하고 귀하의 개인 정보 전체 또는 일부를
        제3자(당사의 서비스 제공업체 제외)와 공유하거나 공개하지 않습니다:
(i) 다른 사람이나 재산의 보안을 보호;
(ii) 사기 방지 또는 처리;
(iii) 당사의 정당한 권리와 이익을 보호;
(iv) "당사가 수집하는 정보" 또는 "당사가 정보를 사용하는 방법" 섹션에 설명된
        목적에 따라 조치 취함;
(v) 일반적으로 인터넷 보안과 당사, 당사 사용자 및 제3자의 권리, 재산 및
        안전을 유지하기 위해 고안된 법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국, 법
        집행 기관 또는 민간 단체의 요청을 준수; 및/또는
(vi) 합병, 인수, 자금조달 실사, 개편, 파산, 관리, 회사 자산 매각 또는 귀하의
        정보가 매각 또는 이전될 수 있는 기타 사건에 관련된 거래를 평가하거나
        완료합니다.
귀하의 정보 사용을 위한 근거
당사는 합법적인 근거가 있는 경우에만 개인정보를 수집 및
        처리하며, 일반적으로 다음 네 가지 법적 근거 중 하나에 의존합니다.
동의(귀하가 동의한 경우);
계약(예: 사이트 운영 또는 귀하가 요청한 서비스 제공과 같이 귀하와의 계약
          이행을 위해 처리가 필요한 경우);
정당한 이익(예: 귀하의 계정 보호, 고객 지원 제공을 포함하여 서비스를
          제공하고 개선하기 위해 귀하의 정보를 사용해야 함). 당사는 그러한 이익이
          귀하에 대한 영향에 의해 무시되지 않는 경우에만 우리의 정당한 이익을 법적
          근거로 삼습니다(당사가 귀하의 동의를 얻지 않았거나 당사의 처리가 법에 의해
          달리 요구되거나 허용되지 않는 한); 및
법적 의무(법률, 규칙 및 규정 또는 정부 부서, 사법 당국 또는 법집행 기관의
          요청을 준수하기 위해).
당사가 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법을 대상으로 법적 근거에 관한 질문이
        있는 경우
compliance@meitu.com
으로 문의주시기 바랍니다
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요)
.
제3자 웹사이트 및 서비스
당사 서비스에는 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스에 대한 링크가 포함될 수 있습니다.
        또한 다른 웹사이트 및 서비스는 당사 서비스를 참조하거나 링크할 수 있습니다.
        이러한 다른 도메인 및 웹사이트는 당사가 관리하지 않으며 당사는 제3자
        웹사이트 또는 서비스에 대해 보증하거나 진술하지 않습니다. 당사는
        상호작용하는 모든 웹사이트 및 서비스의 개인정보 보호정책을 사용자가 읽도록
        권장합니다. 이러한 다른 웹사이트나 서비스를 방문하는 것은 귀하의 책임입니다.
정보 보안
당사는 정보의 유실, 부적절한 사용, 무단 접근 또는 공개를 방지하기 위해
        합당한 조치를 취합니다. 예를 들어 당사 서비스 중 일부는 귀하의 개인 정보를
        보호하기 위해 암호화 기술(예: SSL)을 사용합니다. 그러나 (인터넷 업계에서)
        합리적인 보안 조치를 취하더라도 귀하의 정보가 100% 안전하다고 항상 보장할
        수는 없음을 귀하는 이해하고 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 당사에 제공한 정보의
        보안을 보장하거나 보증할 수 없음을 이해하고 동의합니다. 당사는 의도하지 않은
        공개에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 또한 귀하는 당사 서비스에 액세스하기
        위해 귀하가 사용하는 시스템 및 통신 네트워크가 당사가 통제할 수 없는
        요인으로 인해 실패할 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
정보 액세스 및 제어
당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 귀하가 당사에 제공한 귀하의 개인 정보
        또는 기타 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트 및 수정할 수 있도록 모든 합리적이고
        적절한 기술적 조치를 취할 것입니다. 이러한 개인 정보에 액세스, 업데이트,
        수정 또는 제거하기 전에 당사는 계정의 보안을 보호하기 위해 귀하의 신원을
        확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는
        귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할
        것입니다.
프라이버시 권리
준거법에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다: (i) 당사가 귀하의
        개인 정보를 처리하고 있는지 확인을 요청; (ii) 귀하의 개인 정보에 대한 액세스
        또는 사본을 획득; (iii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인 정보의 전자 사본을 받거나
        해당 정보를 다른 회사로 보내도록 당사에 요청(데이터 이동에 대한 권리); (iv)
        귀하의 개인 정보 사용에 반대하거나 제한; (v) 부정확하거나 사실이 아니거나
        불완전하거나 부적절하게 처리된 개인 정보의 수정 또는 수정을 추구; (vi)
        귀하의 동의를 철회; (vii) 법률에 명시된 특정 예외에 따라 당사가 귀하에 대해
        보유한 개인 정보 삭제를 요청.
귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내거나(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요
) Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West,
        Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)로 우편을 통해
        요청하실 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 이메일 또는 우편을 받고 나서 합리적인
        기간 내에 준거법에 따라 귀하의 요청을 처리할 것이며, 법률에 명시된 특정
        예외에 따라 귀하의 개인 정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 중단할 것입니다. 당사는
        귀하의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 요청을 이행하기 전에 귀하의 신원을
        확인하는 조치를 취할 것입니다. 귀하가 동의를 철회하거나 귀하의 개인 정보를
        삭제하는 경우 당사 서비스의 일부 사용에 영향을 미칠 수 있음을 유의해 주시기
        바랍니다.
캘리포니아 거주자는 캘리포니아 소비자 개인 정보 보호법에 의해 부여된 권리
        행사 시에 당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
아동에 대한 정보
당사는 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는 법률에 명시된 기타 연령)의
            아동으로부터 고의로 개인 정보를 수집하거나 요청하지 않습니다. 귀하가
            만약 16세 미만인 경우 이름, 주소, 전화번호 또는 이메일 주소를 포함하되
            이에 국한되지 않는 개인 정보를 당사에 보내지 않도록 합니다. 만약 당사가
            16세 미만 아동에 대한 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되는 경우,
compliance@meitu.com
으로 이메일을 보내거나(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요
) Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
            West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu)으로 등기
            우편을 보낼 수 있습니다. 만약 당사가 16세 미만(또는 해당 지역에 적용되는
            법률에 명시된 다른 연령)의 어린이로부터 개인 정보를 수집한 사실을 알게
            되시면 즉시 해당 정보를 삭제하고 관련 계정을 종료하는 조치를 취하도록
            하겠습니다.
국경 간 데이터 전송
귀하는
당사의 서비스를 제공하기 위해
당사를 통해 또는
당사가 수집한
모든 정보가
클라우드, 당사 서버,
계열사
서버 또는 당사 서비스
제공업체(Open AI를
포함하되 이에 국한되지
않음)의 서버를 포함하여 싱가포르, 중국, 미국, 유럽연합 등
전 세계
어디로든
전송, 처리 및 저장될 수 있음을 이해하고 이에 동의합니다.
준거법
본 정책은 법률 조항의 충돌에 관계없이 중화인민공화국 홍콩특별행정구 법률에
        따라 수립되고 발효되며 시행 및 해석됩니다. 이에 따라 발생하는 모든
        분쟁은 서비스 약관에 따라 해결됩니다. 당사는 이 정책이 특정 관할권의 개인
        정보 보호법을 준수함을 진술하거나 보증하지 않습니다. 따라서 귀하는 그러한
        법률에 따라 이 정책을 해석해서는 안 됩니다.
본 정책의 개정
귀하는 관련 법규 및 당사의 비즈니스 결정에 따라 당사가 본 정책을 업데이트할
        수 있다는 데 동의하며 귀하는 그러한 개정 사항을 따를 것에 동의합니다. 당사는
        본 정책에 대한 중요한 변경 사항을 BeautyCam에 게시하거나 법에서 요구하는
        다른 방법으로 귀하에게 통지할 것입니다.
유럽 경제 지역 및 영국 사용자의 경우
당사가 유럽 일반 개인정보 보호 규정 및 영국 일반 개인정보 보호 규정(이하
        통칭하여 "
GDPR
")의 범위 내에서 개인정보를 처리하는 경우, 아래의 GDPR 고지에서 개인정보
        처리에 대한 관련 세부 정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
일본 사용자의 경우
데이터 공개, 수정, 삭제 또는 사용 정지에 대한 권리
귀하가 일본에 거주하는 경우, 귀하는 정보 주체로서 자신의
        개인정보에 대한 공개, 정정, 삭제 또는 이용 정지를 요청할 권리가
        있으며, 당사는 지체 없이 귀하의 요청에 부응할 의무가 있습니다.
        귀하는
compliance@meitu.com
(
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam 앱"을 인용하세요
)으로  이메일을 보내시거나 또는 Unit 8106B, Level 81, International
        Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu)으로 우편을 통해 요청하실 수 있습니다.
한국 사용자의 경우
국제 데이터 전송
당사는 이용자의 개인정보를 '정보이용방법'에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며,
        원칙적으로 이용자의 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 그러나 귀하의
        동의가 있는 경우 귀하에게 정보 공유 및 공개에 설명된 당사 서비스를 제공하기
        위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 수집, 전송 및 다른 곳에서 저장 및 처리할 수
        있습니다.
전송된 개인 정보: 위의 본 정책의 "당사가 수집하는 정보" 섹션을 참조합니다.
전송일및 방법: 회원 가입 즉시 전송, 필요 시 수시로 통신망을 통해
          전송합니다.
개인정보가 전송되는 국가: 중화인민공화국
개인 정보 보유: 위의 본 정책의 "데이터 보유" 섹션을 참조합니다.
또한, 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보를 대한민국 외부에 위치해 있는 다음 제3자에게
        전송할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
해당 제3자 플랫폼의 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기간 동안
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
https://openai.com/privacy-policy
ChatGPT 통합 기능 제공
텍스트 입력 및 생성된 출력물에 포함된 개인 정보
귀하의 거주지 외부에서 정보를 공유할 때마다 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가
        적절하게 보호되도록 정보 전송이 귀하의 현지 법률을 준수하도록 확인합니다.
귀하는 아래 명시된 당사의 개인정보 보호 담당 부서로 연락하여 위와 같은
        개인정보의 국외 이전을 거부할 수 있습니다.  귀하가 상기 개인정보의 국외
        이전을 거부하는 경우, 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 국외 이전 대상에서
        제외합니다. 단, 이 경우 당사는 개인정보의 해외 전송이 필요한 귀하의 당사
        서비스 이용을 제한할 수 있습니다.
또한 당사는 다음과 같은 제3자로부터 귀하의 개인 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를 제공하는 자의 성명
개인정보 이용 목적
수집하는 개인정보 항목
개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
당사 계정이 종료될 때까지
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, 사용자의 UID
데이터 보존
해당 법률, 규칙 및 규정과 비즈니스 또는 법적 목적의 이행에 따라 당사는
        귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 귀하의 정보(개인 정보 포함)를 삭제할
        것입니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 다음의 절차와 방법에 따라 파기합니다.
파기절차 : 당사는 파기대상 개인정보를 선정하고 정보보호책임자의 승인을
          받아 파기합니다.
파기방법 : 전자적으로 저장, 파일된 개인정보는 기록 재생이 불가능한 수단을
          사용을 통해 삭제가 가능한 방식을 취해 파기합니다.
개인정보 보호 및 불만처리 담당부서
Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com
(이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 인용하세요)
개인정보처리방침 개정 내역
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.08]
Ｏ 개인 정보 보호 정책 [2022.12]
미국 내 사용자의 경우
귀하는 당사가 안면 인식 기술을 사용하여 귀하가 제공한 사진 또는 이미지에서
        생체 정보를 수집할 수 있음에 동의합니다. 당사는 귀하의 신원을 확인하고,
        서비스를 제공 및 개선하며, 내부 연구 목적으로 이러한 정보를 사용할 수
        있습니다. 귀하의 생체 정보가 일리노이주 생체 정보 개인정보 보호법의 적용을
        받는 경우, 당사는 귀하가 마지막으로 서비스와 상호작용한 날로부터 3년 이내에
        귀하의 생체 정보를 삭제합니다.
관련 법률에 따라 귀하는 다음과 같은 권리를 가질 수 있습니다:
당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하고 있는지 여부를 확인할 권리;
귀하의개인 정보에 대한 액세스 또는 세부 정보가 포함된 사본을 얻을 수
          있는 권리;
귀하가 당사에 제공한 개인정보의 전자 사본을 받거나 해당 정보를 다른 회사로
          전송하도록 요청할 권리(예: 데이터 이동권);
개인 정보를 수정할 권리;
당사가 '타겟 광고'('타겟 광고'는 관련 개인정보 보호법에 정의됨)를 위해
          귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 경우, 당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 '판매'('판매'는
          관련 개인정보 보호법에 정의됨)하는 경우, 또는 당사가 귀하와 관련하여 법적
          또는 이와 유사하게 중대한 영향을 미치는 특정 결정을 내리기 위해
          프로파일링에 참여하는 경우 등 특정 처리 활동을 거부하도록 요청할 권리;
당사가 보유한 귀하의 개인 정보 삭제를 요청할 권리; 및
요청 처리 거부 결정에 대해 이의를 제기할 권리.
해당 개인정보 보호법에 따라 귀하의 권리를 행사하려면 이메일(
compliance@meitu.com
,
이메일 제목에 "BeautyCam"을 기재)
을 보내거나 등기우편(주소: Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce
        Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong, (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu))으로 당사의 데이터 보호 책임자에게 문의하시기
        바랍니다. 당사는 관련 법률에 따라 이러한 요청을 처리합니다.
귀하가 버지니아주 거주자이고 귀하의 요청에 대한 당사의 결정에 대해 이의를
        제기하고자 하는 경우, 귀하는 이 사실을 당사에 알리고 이의를 제기할 수 있는
        정보를 당사에 제공함으로써 이의를 제기할 수 있습니다.
다음 항은 캘리포니아 소비자 개인정보 보호법(수시로 개정되는 경우)("
CCPA
")의 적용을 받는 회원님의 개인정보 처리에만 적용됩니다.
CCPA는 캘리포니아 주민에게 당사가 수집한 개인정보의 범주와 지난 12개월
        동안 비즈니스 목적(예: 서비스 제공업체)으로 해당 개인정보를 공개했는지
        여부를 알 권리를 부여합니다. 캘리포니아 거주자는 아래에서 이 정보를 확인할
        수 있습니다:
수집하는 개인정보의 범주
사업상 목적으로 개인정보를 공개하는 제3자의 범주
식별자
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
캘리포니아 고객 기록 법령에 나열된 개인정보 범주(캘리포니아주 고객
                기록법) 소비자 기록 법령(Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
캘리포니아 또는 연방법에 따라 보호되는 분류 특성
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
상업 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
생체 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
인터넷 또는 기타 전자 네트워크 활동
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
지리적 위치 데이터
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
감각 데이터
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
전문직 또는 고용 관련 정보
N/A
비공개 교육 정보 (가족 교육 권리 및 개인 정보 보호 법에 따름 (20
                U.S.C. 섹션 1232g, 34 C.F.R. 제99 부분))
N/A
다른 개인 정보로부터 추론하여 소비자에 대한 프로필 생성
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
소비자의 사회보장번호, 운전면허증, 주정부 신분증 또는 여권 번호가
                드러나는 개인 정보
N/A
소비자의 계정 로그인, 금융 계좌, 직불 카드 또는 신용카드 번호와 함께
                계정에 액세스할 수 있는 필수 보안 또는 액세스 코드, 비밀번호 또는
                자격 증명을 공개하는 개인 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
소비자의 정확한 지리적 위치를 파악할 수 있는 개인 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
소비자의 인종 또는 민족 출신, 종교적 또는 철학적 신념, 노조 가입
                여부를 드러내는 개인 정보
· 서비스 제공업체
· 계열사
피그마(Figma)가 의도적으로 통신의 수신자인 경우를 제외하고 소비자의
                우편물, 이메일 및 문자 메시지 내용을 드러내는 개인 정보
N/A
소비자의 유전자 데이터를 드러내는 개인 정보
N/A
소비자를 고유하게 식별하기 위한 목적으로 처리되는 생체 정보
N/A
소비자의 건강과 관련하여 수집 및 분석된 개인 정보
N/A
소비자의 성생활 또는 성적 취향과 관련하여 수집 및 분석된 개인 정보
N/A
당사가 개인 정보를 수집하는 소스의 범주와 개인 정보를 사용하고 공개하는
        비즈니스 및 상업적 목적은 각각 "수집하는 정보", "정보 사용 방법", 그리고
        "정보 공유 및 공개"란에 각각 명시되어 있습니다. 당사는 위의 '데이터 보유'에
        명시된 기간에 따라 개인정보를 보유합니다.
지난 12개월 동안 당사는 어떠한 개인정보도 '판매'하지 않았으며(CCPA에 정의된
        바와 같이), 16세 미만 미성년자의 개인정보 '판매'에 대한 실제 지식도
        없습니다.
지난 12개월 동안, 당사는 '맥락 간 행동 광고'(CCPA에 정의된 용어)를 위해
        어떠한 개인정보도 '공유'하지 않았으며, '맥락 간 행동 광고'를 위해 16세 미만
        미성년자의 개인정보를 '공유'한 사실에 대해서도 알지 못합니다.
당사는 다음과 같은 목적으로만 민감한 개인정보를 사용 및 공개합니다:
서비스 제공.
저장 또는 전송된 개인정보의 가용성, 신뢰성, 무결성, 기밀성을 훼손하는 보안
          사고를 예방, 탐지 및 조사.
당사를 겨냥한 악의적, 기만적, 사기적 또는 불법적 행위에 저항하고 그러한
          행위에 책임이 있는 자를 기소.
자연인의 신체적 안전을 보장.
당사의 제품, 서비스 또는 기기의 품질 또는 안전성을 확인 또는 유지하고,
          당사의 서비스 또는 기기를 개선, 업그레이드 또는 강화.
개인에 대한 특성을 유추하지 않는 목적.
캘리포니아 주민은 CCPA에 의해 부여된 권리를 행사하는 것과 관련하여
        당사로부터 차별적인 대우를 받지 않을 권리가 있습니다.
사용자의 개인정보를 보호하기 위해 당사는 CCPA에 따라 제출된 요청을 이행하기
        전에 사용자의 신원을 합리적으로 확인하기 위한 조치를 취합니다. 이러한
        단계에는 귀하가 당사가 개인정보를 수집한 당사자 또는 권한을 위임받은
        대리인임을 합리적으로 확인할 수 있는 충분한 정보를 제공하도록 요청하는 것이
        포함될 수 있습니다. 확인 절차의 예로는 당사가 귀하와 연결한 이메일 주소 또는
        전화번호를 제공하도록 요청하거나 귀하의 이메일 주소 또는 전화번호로 전송되는
        인증 코드를 제공하는 것 등이 있습니다.
귀하 또는 귀하를 대신하여 법적으로 권한을 위임받은 사람만이 귀하의
        개인정보와 관련하여 확인 가능한 소비자 요청을 할 수 있습니다. 대리인을
        승인하려면 귀하와 귀하가 지정한 대리인이 서명한 서면 승인서를 제출하고 위의
        '개인정보 보호 권한'에 있는 정보를 사용하여 당사에 연락하여 추가 지침을
        요청하세요.
당사는 '맥락 간 행동 광고'를 위해 개인정보를 '판매'하거나 개인정보를
        '공유'하지 않으므로 수신 거부 선호도 신호에 응답하지 않습니다.
귀하가 네바다주 거주자인 경우, 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 "판매"하지 않습니다.
GDPR 고지
당사는 서비스 제공과 관련하여 개인 데이터를 처리합니다.
당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 데 GDPR이 적용되는 경우, 당사는 GDPR에
        따라서만 개인정보를 처리합니다. 위의 (일반) 개인정보 처리방침에서 당사의
        개인정보 처리에 GDPR이 적용되는 시점에 대한 정보를 확인할 수 있습니다. 본
        GDPR 고지는 위의 (일반) 개인정보 처리방침을 보완하며, GDPR에 따른 귀하의
        개인정보 처리에 대한 자세한 정보를 담고 있습니다.
컨트롤러에 대한 정보
1.컨트롤러의 신원 및 연락처 세부 정보
Meitu (China) Limited
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
2.컨트롤러 담당자의 신원 및 연락처 정보
유럽
연합
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
영국
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
3.
컨트롤러의 데이터 보호 책임자 연락처 정보
Meitu (China) Limited
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
개인 데이터 처리에 관한 정보
1.처리되는 개인 데이터에 대한 세부 정보
처리되는 개인 데이터의 범주
범주에 포함된 개인 데이터
데이터의 출처
데이터 주체의 데이터 제공 의무
저장 기간
프로토콜 데이터
당사 애플리케이션의 서버에서 콘텐츠를 제공하기 위해 서비스를 사용할
                때 발생하는 프로토콜 데이터입니다.
사용 중에 발생하는 데이터는 단말 장치와 애플리케이션 서버 간의 정보
                전송을 위한 네트워크 프로토콜에 의해 정의됩니다.
여기에는 IP 주소, 사용된 모바일 운영 체제의 유형 및 버전, 액세스한
                콘텐츠, 이전에 액세스한 콘텐츠, 액세스한 날짜 및 시간이 포함됩니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 귀하가 요청한 애플리케이션의 콘텐츠를
                제공할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
등록 데이터
이름, 사용자 아이디, 성별, 생년월일, 휴대폰 번호, 위치.
서비스 사용자
등록 과정에서 필수로 표시된 정보의 제공은 계약 체결에 필요한 필수
                요건입니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
필수 정보를 제공하지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
구독 데이터
현재 및/또는 과거 구독에 대한 정보입니다.
서비스 사용자
등록 과정에서 필수로 표시된 정보의 제공은 구독 계약을 체결하는 데
                필요한 필수 요건입니다. 기타 데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상
                요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한 요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가
                데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
필수 정보를 제공하지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
모바일 장치 데이터
국제 모바일 장치 식별번호(IMEI), 고유 장치 식별번호(UDID) 또는
                안드로이드 ID, 범용 고유 식별번호(GUUID), 사용자 ID(UID), 광고용
                식별번호(IDFA), 공급업체 식별번호(IDFV)를 포함한 모바일 장치에 관한
                정보, 개방형 익명 장치 식별자(OAID), 집적 회로 카드 식별자(ICCID),
                미디어 액세스 제어(MAC) 주소, Google 광고 ID(GAID), 사용 중인
                장치 유형, 운영 체제 버전, 장치에 설치된 모바일
                애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 귀하가 요청한 애플리케이션의 콘텐츠를
                제공할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
모바일 분석 데이터
당사 서비스의 기능을 더 잘 이해하고 개선하기 위한 정보.
                여기에는 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는
                이벤트, 집계된 사용량, 성능 데이터, 애플리케이션을
                다운로드한 위치
등의 정보가 포함됩니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
네트워크 데이터
통신사 이름 및 네트워크 유형, 연결한 WiFi 네트워크 이름, WiFi
                네트워크의 위치, WiFi 연결 시간.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
위치 데이터
국가 코드, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치, IP 주소, 장치에 기록된
                시스템 국가 및 시스템 시간대.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
로그 데이터
로그 정보에는 (i) 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 시기와 빈도에 대한
                세부 정보, (ii) 중요한 작업 경로, 오류, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대를
                포함한 장치 통계가 포함될 수 있습니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
이미지 데이터
정보 주체의 사진/동영상, 이미지 파일에 저장된 EXIF 데이터(EXIF
                데이터에는 장비 제조업체에 따라 사진이 촬영 및 처리된 GPS 좌표, 장비
                유형, ISO, 전면 및 후면 카메라에 대한 정보 및 생성 시간이 포함될 수
                있음).
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
데이터는 최대 21일 동안 서버 로그 파일에 저장됩니다.
음성 데이터
데이터 주체의 목소리.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
데이터는 최대 21일 동안 서버 로그 파일에 저장됩니다.
메타 데이터
사진 속 인물의 얼굴 특징, 성별, 나이 및 사진에 포함된 기타 요소에
                대한 분석 결과를 설명하는 정보입니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
얼굴 인식 데이터
데이터 주체의 얼굴 특징 정보(얼굴 이미지 및 얼굴 마크를 포함하되
                이에 국한되지 않음).
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
콘텐츠 추천이 완료되거나 애플리케이션 종료 시 얼굴 매핑 정보는
                파기됩니다.
쿠키 데이터
데이터 주체의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스
                제공업체(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜 및 타임스탬프,
                클릭스트림 데이터.
이러한 개인정보가 쿠키에 저장되는 범위는 아래 섹션 III에서 더 자세한
                정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
해당 데이터는 사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 쿠키는
                토큰이 만료되면(30일 후) 교체됩니다.
ChatGPT 통합을 통해 수집된 정보
텍스트 입력 및 생성된 출력에 포함되는 개인 데이터입니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
데이터가 제공되지 않으면 서비스를 완전히 이용할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
광고 데이터
광고 ID(IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr,
                IDFV, IDFA 포함), 지리적 위치 및 IP 주소.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
이 데이터를 제공하지 않으면 관심사 기반 광고를 제공할 수 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
타사 추적 데이터
디바이스 식별자, 지역(특정 언어가 사용되는 위치로 정의됨), 위치
                정보, IP 주소.
이러한 개인정보가 쿠키에 저장되는 범위는 아래 섹션 III에서 더 자세한
                정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
서비스 사용자
데이터 제공은 법적 또는 계약상 요구사항이 아니며, 계약 체결에 필요한
                요건도 아닙니다. 데이터 주체가 데이터를 제공해야 할 의무는 없습니다.
귀하가 제공한 데이터는 귀하가 직접 삭제할 때까지 계정이 존재하는 한
                계정에 계속 저장됩니다. 언제든지 계정을 삭제할 수 있습니다.
개인 데이터 처리에대한 세부 정보
개인 데이터 처리 목적
처리되는 개인 데이터의 범주
자동화된 의사 결정
법적 근거 및 해당되는 경우 적법한 이익
수신자
서비스 제공
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
네트워크 데이터
위치 데이터
이미지 데이터
음성 데이터
메타 데이터
얼굴 인식 데이터
ChatGPT 통합을 통해 수집된 정보
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
앱 사용자와 관련된 활동을 처리합니다:
제6조 (1) (b)항 GDPR(계약의 이행 또는 데이터 주체의 요청에 따른
                조치) 데이터 주체가 당사자인 계약 또는 계약 체결 전 데이터 주체의
                요청에 따라 취하는 조치)
위치 데이터 처리용: 제6조 (1) (a)항 GDPR(동의)
장치 소유자와 다른 데이터 주체와 관련된 활동을 처리하는 경우:
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 서비스 제공입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
통계 분석(제품 및 서비스 개선을 목적으로 제품 및 서비스 사용에 대한
                통계 개발 및 분석)
프로토콜 데이터
모바일 장치 데이터
모바일 분석 데이터
네트워크 데이터
위치 데이터
로그 데이터
쿠키 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
계정 생성하기
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
위치 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 사용자가 요청한 애플리케이션의 콘텐츠를
                제공하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
위치 기반 서비스 제공(사용자에게 광고, 올바른 버전의 당사 서비스
                제공 및 사용자가 좋은 사용자 경험을 얻을 수 있도록 돕기 위해)
프로토콜 데이터
위치 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
사용자 경험 개선(사용자 경험 프로그램과 같은 선택적 기능을 통해
                당사는 제품 및 서비스 사용에 관한 데이터를 분석하고 사용자 경험을
                개선할 수 있습니다.)
프로토콜 데이터
모바일 장치 데이터
모바일 분석 데이터
네트워크 데이터
위치 데이터
로그 데이터
이미지 데이터
메타 데이터
쿠키 데이터
타사 추적 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
푸시 서비스 제공(광고의 성과 및 소프트웨어 업데이트의 성공 여부를
                평가하거나 신제품 출시에 대한 알림 제공)
프로토콜 데이터
모바일 장치 데이터
광고 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
사용자 신원 확인
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
이 경우, 당사의 정당한 이익은 귀하에게 서비스를 제공할 수 있도록
                귀하의 신원을 확인하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
사용자 피드백 수집(서비스 개선을 위한 목적)
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (a) GDPR(동의)
기타 Meitu 법인
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
관련 규칙, 법률, 규정, 관행 또는 지침을 준수하거나 관련 기관의 법
                집행 및 조사를 지원하기 위한 목적
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
제6조 (1) (c)항 GDPR(컨트롤러가 적용되는 법적 의무를 준수하는 데
                필요)
공공 기관
기타 Meitu 법인
서비스의 장애를 식별하거나 처리하는 등 서비스의 안전하고 안정적인
                운영 유지
프로토콜 데이터
네트워크 데이터
로그 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 서비스 제공에 사용되는 IT 인프라의 안전하고
                안정적인 운영을 보장하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
계정, 네트워크, 운영 및 시스템의 보안을 보호하고 피싱, 웹사이트 사기
                및 트로이 목마 바이러스를 방지합니다.
프로토콜 데이터
네트워크 데이터
로그 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
당사의 정당한 이익은 특히 사건(예: 디도스 공격)의 탐지, 제거 및
                결정적인 문서화를 위해 웹사이트 제공에 사용되는 IT 인프라의 보안을
                보장하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
요청 처리(고객 서비스)
프로토콜 데이터
등록 데이터
구독 데이터
자동화된 의사 결정은 이루어지지 않습니다.
귀하의 요청이 귀하가 당사자인 계약 또는 계약 전 조치의 이행과 관련된
                경우:
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (b)목(데이터 주체가 당사자인 계약의 이행 또는 계약
                체결 전 데이터 주체의 요청에 따른 조치).
그렇지 않은 경우:
GDPR 제6조 제1항 (f) (이익의 균형에 따른 정당한 이익 추구):
이 경우 당사의 정당한 이익은 귀하의 요청을 처리하는 것입니다.
기타 Meitu 법인
개인 데이터 수신자 및 제3국 및/또는 국제
            기구로의 개인 데이터 전송에 대한 세부 정보
수신자
수신자의 역할
제3국 및/또는 국제기구로의 이전
제3국 및/또는 국제기구로의 전송에 대한 적정성 결정 또는
                  적절하거나 적합한 보호 조치
화웨이 클라우드 컴퓨팅 기술 유한책임회사(Huawei Cloud Computing
                Technologies Co., Ltd.)
처리자
중화인민공화국
중국 홍보에 대한 유럽연합 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다.
                당사는 수신자와 GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호
                조항을 체결하여 귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의
                사본은 위에 명시된 연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
기타 Meitu 법인:
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
처리자
중화인민공화국
중국 홍보에 대한 유럽연합 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다.
                당사는 수신자와 GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호
                조항을 체결하여 귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의
                사본은 위에 명시된 연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
Meta Platform, Inc.
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
처리자
중화인민공화국
중국 홍보에 대한 유럽연합 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다.
                당사는 수신자와 GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호
                조항을 체결하여 귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의
                사본은 위에 명시된 연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
처리자
미국
미국에 대한 EU 집행위원회의 적정성 결정은 없습니다. 당사는 수신자와
                GDPR 제46조 2(c)항에 따른 이른바 표준 데이터 보호 조항을 체결하여
                귀하의 데이터를 보호하고 있습니다. 본 계약서의 사본은 위에 명시된
                연락처 주소에서 받으실 수 있습니다.
쿠키 또는 유사 기술 사용에 관한 정보
다음 섹션에서는 현재 쿠키에 대해서만 설명합니다. 유사한 기술(브라우저 지문,
        로컬 저장소, 세션 저장소 등)을 사용하는 경우 이 섹션을 적절히 조정해야
        합니다.
당사는 서비스 제공과 관련하여 쿠키를 사용합니다. 이 과정에서 당사는 귀하의
        장치 및/또는 귀하의 장치 브라우저의 처리 및 저장 기능을 사용하고 귀하의 장치
        및/또는 장치 브라우저의 메모리에서 정보를 수집합니다.
이에 대한 자세한 내용은 아래에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
1.쿠키에 대한 일반 정보
쿠키는 앱을 사용하거나 웹사이트를 방문할 때 사용자의 장치에 저장될 수 있는
        정보가 담긴 작은 텍스트 파일입니다. 관련 앱 또는 웹사이트를 동일한 장치에서
        다시 사용하거나 방문하면 쿠키와 쿠키에 포함된 정보를 검색할 수 있습니다.
a)
자사 및 타사 쿠키
쿠키의 출처에 따라 퍼스트 파티 쿠키와 타사 쿠키를 구분할 수 있습니다:
퍼스트 파티 쿠키
앱 또는 웹사이트의 운영자가 컨트롤러 또는 컨트롤러가 관여하는
                프로세서에 의해 배치되고 액세스되는 쿠키입니다.
타사 쿠키
해당 앱 또는 웹사이트를 운영하는 주체(운영자)에 의해 직접 관여되거나
                통제되는 것이 아니며, 이를 처리하는 프로세서도 운영자에 의해 고용된
                것이 아닌 해당 앱 또는 웹사이트를 운영하는 담당자 이외의 제3자
                컨트롤러에 의해 배치되고 접근되는 쿠키.
b)
임시 및 영구 쿠키
쿠키가 활성화된 상태로 유지되는 기간에 따라 임시 쿠키와 영구 쿠키를 구분할
        수 있습니다:
임시 쿠키
(세션 쿠키)
앱 또는 브라우저를 닫으면 자동으로 삭제되는 쿠키
영구 쿠키
앱이나 브라우저를 닫은 후에도 일정 기간 동안 기기에 저장되는 쿠키
c)
동의가 필요 없는 쿠키 및 동의가 필요한 쿠키
일부 쿠키의 기능과 사용 목적에 따라 사용자의 동의가 필요한 경우도 있습니다.
        따라서 사용자의 동의가 필요한 쿠키와 그렇지 않은 쿠키를 구분할 수 있습니다:
동의 없는 쿠키
전자 통신 네트워크를 사용하여 메시지를 전송하는 것을 유일한 목적으로
                하는 쿠키
참여자 또는 사용자가 명시적으로 요청한 서비스를 제공하는 당사자가
                해당 서비스를 제공하기 위해 필요한 쿠키("필수 쿠키")
동의가 필요한 쿠키
앞서 언급한 목적 이외의 모든 사용 목적을 위한 쿠키
2.앱과 웹사이트에서 사용되는 쿠키의 관리
a)
앱 및 웹사이트의 데이터 보호 설정에서 쿠키 사용에 대한 동의 부여 및
          철회하기
특정 쿠키를 사용하기 위해 동의가 필요한 경우, 당사는 귀하가 이전에 이에
        동의한 경우에만 해당 쿠키를 사용합니다. 특정 쿠키 사용에 동의가 필요한지
        여부에 대한 정보는 본 개인정보처리방침의
섹션 III.3.
에 있는
        당사 서비스에서 사용되는 쿠키에 대한 정보에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
앱 또는 웹사이트의 데이터 보호 설정에서 반드시 필요한 쿠키를 비활성화할 수
        없습니다. 그러나 일반적으로 앱이나 브라우저에서 언제든지 이러한 쿠키를
        비활성화할 수 있습니다.
b)
기기/브라우저 설정을 사용하여 쿠키 관리
디바이스 또는 브라우저의 설정에서 쿠키 사용을 관리할 수도 있습니다.
        브라우저마다 쿠키 설정을 구성하는 방법이 다릅니다. 이에 대한 자세한 내용은
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
단, 장치에서 일반적으로 쿠키를 비활성화할 경우 당사의 앱 또는 웹사이트의
        일부 기능이 제대로 작동하지 않거나 전혀 작동하지 않을 수 있음을
        알려드립니다.
3.앱과 웹사이트에서 사용되는 쿠키
다음 쿠키는 당사의 앱과 웹사이트에서 사용될 수 있습니다:
이름
퍼스트 파티/서드 파티
사용 목적 및 내용
유효 기간
동의가 필요하신가요?
mt_access_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
mt_web_access_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
mt_temp_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
mt_grant_access_token
퍼스트 파티
사용자 로그인 토큰
사용자가 계정에서 로그아웃하면 삭제됩니다. 토큰이 만료되면(30일)
                교체됩니다.
아니요
데이터 주체의 권리에 관한 정보
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 귀하의 개인 데이터 처리와 관련하여 다음과 같은 권리를
        갖습니다:
접근 권한(GDPR 제15조)
수정할 권리(GDPR 16조)
삭제할 권리("잊혀질 권리")(GDPR 제17조)
처리 제한에 대한 권리(GDPR 제18조)
데이터 이동성에 대한 권리(GDPR 제20조)
반대할 권리(GDPR 제21조)
동의 철회 권리(GDPR 제7조 3항)
귀하는
섹션 I
의 연락처 정보를 사용하여 이러한 권리를
        행사하기 위해 당사에 연락할 수 있습니다.
해당되는 경우, 귀하의 권리 행사, 특히 데이터 이동권 및 이의제기권 행사를
        용이하게 하는 특정 방식 및 메커니즘에 대한 정보는 본 GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 개인정보 처리에 관한 정보에서 확인할 수
        있습니다.
또한 귀하는 감독 기관에 불만을 제기할 권리가 있습니다(GDPR 77조).
아래에서 개인 데이터 처리와 관련한 귀하의 권리에 대한 자세한 정보를 확인할
        수 있습니다:
1.액세스 권한
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제15조에 규정된 조건에 따라 액세스 및 정보를
        얻을 권리가 있습니다.
이는 특히 귀하가 당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하고 있는지 이에 대해
        당사로부터 확인을 받을 권리가 있음을 의미합니다. 그렇다면 귀하는 GDPR 제15조
        1항에 열거된 개인 데이터 및 정보에 액세스할 수 있는 권리도 있습니다.
        여기에는 처리 목적, 처리 중인 개인 데이터의 범주, 개인 데이터가 공개되었거나
        공개될 수신자 또는 수신자 범주에 관한 정보가 포함됩니다(GDPR 제15조 1항 (a),
        (b) 및 (c)).
액세스 및 정보에 대한 귀하의 권리 전체는 GDPR 제15조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
2.수정할 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제16조에 규정된 조건에 따라 정정할 권리가
        있습니다.
이는 특히 귀하가 귀하의 개인 데이터의 부정확성을 수정하고 불완전한 개인
        데이터를 완성하기 위해 부당한 지체 없이 당사로부터 받을 권리가 있음을
        의미합니다.
수정 권리에 대한 전체 내용은 GDPR 제16조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
3.삭제할 권리("잊혀질 권리")
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제17조에 규정된 조건에 따라 삭제할 권리("잊혀질
        권리")가 있습니다.
즉, 귀하는 당사로부터 귀하의 개인 데이터 삭제를 요청할 권리가 있으며, 당사는
        GDPR 제17조 1항에 열거된 사유 중 하나에 해당하는 경우 부당한 지체 없이
        귀하의 개인 데이터를 삭제해야 할 의무가 있습니다. 예를 들어, 개인정보가 수집
        또는 처리된 목적과 관련하여 더 이상 필요하지 않은 경우(GDPR 제17조 1항
        (a)호)가 이에 해당할 수 있습니다.
만약 당사가 개인 데이터를 공개했고 삭제하는 의무가 있다면, 당사는 사용
        가능한 기술과 시행 비용을 고려하여 합리적인 조치를 취해야 하며, 이에는
        기술적인 수단을 포함하여 해당 데이터를 처리하는 컨트롤러에게 해당 데이터에
        대한 링크, 사본 또는 복제물의 삭제를 요청했음을 알리는 것도 포함됩니다 (GDPR
        제17조(2)항).
삭제할 권리('잊혀질 권리')는 GDPR 제17조 3항에 열거된 사유 중 하나로 인해
        처리가 필요한 경우에는 적용되지 않습니다. 예를 들어, 법적 의무를 준수하거나
        법적 청구권의 설정, 행사 또는 방어를 위해 처리가 필요한 경우가 이에 해당할
        수 있습니다(GDPR 제17조 제3항 (b) 및 (e)).
삭제할 권리('잊혀질 권리')의 전체 내용은 GDPR 17조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
4.처리 제한에 대한 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제18조에 규정된 조건에 따라 처리를 제한할 권리가
        있습니다.
즉, 귀하는 GDPR 제18조 1항에 규정된 조건 중 하나가 적용되는 경우 당사로부터
        처리 제한을 요청할 권리가 있습니다. 예를 들어 개인 데이터의 정확성에 이의를
        제기하는 경우가 이에 해당할 수 있습니다. 이 경우 처리 제한은 당사가 개인
        데이터의 정확성을 확인할 수 있는 기간 동안 지속됩니다(GDPR 제18조 1항
        (a)호).
제한은 저장된 개인 데이터에 향후 처리를 제한할 목적으로 표시하는 것을
        의미합니다(GDPR 제4조 제3항).
처리 제한에 대한 권리의 전체 범위는 GDPR 18조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
5.데이터 이동성에 대한 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제20조에 규정된 조건에 따라 데이터 이동성에 대한
        권리가 있습니다.
이는 일반적으로 여러분이 당사에 제공한 개인 데이터를 체계적이고 보편적으로
        사용되는 기계 판독 가능한 형식으로 받을 권리가 있으며, 처리가 제6조 제1항
        (a) 또는 제9조 제2항 (a)에 따른 동의 또는 제6조 제1항 (b)에 따른 계약에
        근거하고 처리가 자동화된 수단으로 수행되는 경우 당사의 방해 없이 해당
        데이터를 다른 컨트롤러에게 전송할 권리가 있습니다(GDPR 제20조 제1항).
처리 사례가 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (a) 또는 제9조 제2항 (a)에 따른 동의에
        근거하는지 또는 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (b)에 따른 계약에 근거하는지 이에 대한
        정보는 본 GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의 법적 근거에
        관한 정보에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
데이터 이동에 대한 권리를 행사할 때, 귀하는 일반적으로 기술적으로 가능한
        경우 귀하의 개인 데이터를 당사에서 다른 컨트롤러로 직접 전송할 수 있는
        권리도 있습니다(GDPR 제20조 2항).
데이터 이동성에 대한 권리의 전체 내용은 GDPR 20조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
6.이의를 제기할 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제21조에 규정된 조건에 따라 이의를 제기할 권리가
        있습니다.
늦어도 사용자와의 첫 번째 커뮤니케이션에서 당사는 데이터 주체로서 이의를
        제기할 수 있는 귀하의 권리를 명시적으로 알려드립니다.
이에 대한 자세한 내용은 아래에서 확인할 수 있습니다:
정보 주체의 특정 상황과 관련된 이유로 이의를 제기할 권리
정보 주체로서 귀하는 귀하의 특정 상황과 관련된 근거를 바탕으로 언제든지 해당
        조항에 근거한 프로파일링을 포함하여 제6조 제1항 (e) 또는 (f)에 근거한 귀하의
        개인 데이터 처리에 이의를 제기할 권리가 있습니다.
처리 사례가 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (e) 또는 (f)에 근거하는지 여부에 대한 정보는 본
        GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의 법적 근거에 관한 정보에서
        확인할 수 있습니다.
사용자의 특정 상황과 관련된 이의 제기가 있는 경우, 당사는 사용자의 이익,
        권리 및 자유에 우선하는 처리 또는 법적 청구의 성립, 행사 또는 방어를 위한
        강력한 합법적 근거를 입증하지 못하는 한 더 이상 사용자의 개인 데이터를
        처리하지 않습니다.
이의제기 권리의 전체 내용은 GDPR 21조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
직접 마케팅에 대한 거부권
귀하의 개인정보가 직접 마케팅 목적으로 처리되는 경우, 귀하는 그러한 직접
        마케팅과 관련된 범위 내에서 프로파일링을 포함하여 그러한 마케팅을 위한
        귀하의 개인정보 처리에 대해 언제든지 이의를 제기할 권리가 있습니다.
직접 마케팅 목적으로 개인정보를 처리하는지 여부와 그 정도에 대한 정보는 본
        GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의 법적 근거에 관한 정보에서
        확인할 수 있습니다.
직접 마케팅 목적의 처리에 반대하는 경우, 당사는 더 이상 이러한 목적으로
        귀하의 개인 데이터를 처리하지 않습니다.
이의제기 권리의 전체 내용은 GDPR 21조에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
7.동의 철회 권리
처리 사례가 GDPR 제6조 제1항 (a)호 또는 제9조 제2항 (a)호에 따른 동의를
        기반으로 하는 경우, 데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제7조 제3항에 따라 언제든지
        동의를 철회할 권리가 있습니다. 귀하의 동의 철회는 철회 전까지 귀하의 동의에
        근거하여 발생한 처리의 적법성에 영향을 미치지 않습니다. 당사는 귀하가
        동의하기 전에 이 사실을 알려드립니다.
처리 사례가 제6조 제1항 (가)목 또는 제9조 제2항 (가)목에 근거한 것인지
        여부에 대한 정보는 본 GDPR 고지의
섹션 II
에 있는 처리의
        법적 근거에 관한 정보에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
8.감독 기관에 불만을 제기할 권리
데이터 주체로서 귀하는 GDPR 제77조에 규정된 조건에 따라 감독 기관에 불만을
        제기할 권리가 있습니다.
당사를 담당하는 감독 기관은 다음과 같습니다:
함부르크 데이터 보호 및 정보 자유 위원회(Der Hamburgische Beauftragte
        für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit)
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
이메일: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
전화: +49 40 42854-4040
정보 위원회 사무실
이메일: dpo@ico.org.uk
전화: 0303 123 1113
본 GDPR 고지에서 사용된 GDPR의 기술 용어에 대한 정보
본 GDPR 고지에서 사용된 데이터 보호 관련 기술 용어는 일반 데이터 보호
        규정에서 사용되는 의미를 따릅니다.
일반 데이터 보호 규정의 정의에 대한 전체 범위는 GDPR 제4조에서 확인할 수
        있습니다.
본 GDPR 고지에서 사용된 일반 데이터 보호 규정의 가장 중요한 기술 용어에 대한
        자세한 정보는 아래에서 확인할 수 있습니다:
"개인정보"
란 식별되거나 식별 가능한 자연인 ('데이터
        주체')과 관련된 모든 정보를 의미합니다. 식별 가능한 자연인은 특히 이름, 식별
        번호, 위치 데이터, 온라인 식별자 또는 물리적, 생리적, 유전적, 정신적,
        경제적, 문화적 또는 사회적 신원과 관련된 하나 이상의 요소에 따라 직접 또는
        간접적으로 식별될 수 있는 자연인을 말합니다;
"데이터 주체"
는 개인정보가 참조하는 각각의 식별되거나 식별
        가능한 자연인을 의미합니다;
"처리"
는 개인 데이터 또는 개인 데이터 집합에 대해 자동 수단
        여부에 상관없이 수행되는 모든 조작 또는 일련의 조작을 의미합니다. 이러한
        조작에는 수집, 기록, 조직, 구조화, 저장, 적응 또는 변경, 검색, 조회, 사용,
        전송을 통한 공개, 배포 또는 기타 방법으로 이용 가능하게 하는 것, 정렬 또는
        결합, 제한, 삭제 또는 파괴 등이 포함됩니다;
"프로파일링"
이란 자연인과 관련된 특정 인적 측면을 평가하기
        위해 개인 데이터를 사용하는 자동화된 형태의 모든 처리를 의미합니다. 특히
        업무 성과, 경제 상황, 건강, 개인 취향, 관심사, 신뢰성, 행동, 위치 또는
        이동과 관련된 측면을 분석하거나 예측하는 데 사용됩니다;
"컨트롤러"
란 단독으로 또는 다른 사람과 공동으로 개인정보
        처리의 목적과 수단을 결정하는 자연인 또는 법인, 공공 기관, 대행사 또는 기타
        기관을 의미하며, 그러한 처리의 목적과 수단이 유럽연합 또는 회원국 법률에
        의해 결정되는 경우, 관리자 또는 그 지정을 위한 구체적인 기준은 유럽연합 또는
        회원국 법률로 규정될 수 있습니다;
"처리자"
는 컨트롤러를 대신하여 개인정보를 처리하는 자연인
        또는 법인, 공공 기관, 대행사 또는 기타 기관을 의미합니다;
"수신자"
는 제3자 여부에 관계없이 개인 데이터가 공개되는
        자연인 또는 법인, 공공 기관, 대행사 또는 기타 기관을 의미합니다. 그러나
        유럽연합 법률 또는 회원국 법률에 따라 특정 조사의 범위 내에서 개인 데이터를
        수신할 수 있는 공공기관은 수신자로 간주되지 않으며, 이러한 공공기관에 의한
        해당 데이터의 처리는 처리 목적에 따라 해당 데이터 보호 규정을 준수해야
        합니다
"제3자"
란 데이터 주체, 컨트롤러, 프로세서 및 컨트롤러 또는
        프로세서의 직접적인 권한 아래에서 개인 데이터를 처리할 권한이 부여된 자연인
        또는 법적인 단체, 공공기관, 기관 또는 기타 기관을 말합니다.
"국제기구"
는 공적 국제법의 적용을 받는 기구 및 그 하부
        기구, 또는 둘 이상의 국가 간의 협정에 의해 또는 협정에 근거하여 설립된 기타
        기구를 의미합니다.
"제3국"
이란 유럽연합("EU"), 유럽경제지역("EEA") 또는 영국의
        회원국이 아닌 국가를 의미합니다.
사용자 동의서
□ 나는 아래 내용에 동의합니다.
□ 나는 14세 이상입니다. (필수)
□ 나는 이용 약관에 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 특정 선택 기능에 대해 나의 개인정보를 수집,
                이용하는데 동의합니다 (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 나의 민감정보를 수집, 이용하는데 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 마케팅 목적으로 나의 개인정보를 수집, 이용하는데
                동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 프로모션 마케팅 정보의 이전에 동의합니다. (필수)
[
지금 보기
]
□ 나는 제3자로의 개인정보 해외 이전에 동의합니다. (필수
) [
지금 보기
]
개인정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
당사 제품 및 서비스 개선을 위한 (개인정보보호정책에 정의된) 제품 및
                서비스 사용에 관한 통계 개발 및 분석
국제 이동 단말기 식별 번호 (이하 “IMEI”), 고유 장치
                식별자 (이하 “UDID”) 또는 안드로이드 ID, 범용
                고유 식별자 (이하 “GUUID”), 광고 식별자 (이하
                “IDFA”) 및 벤더 식별자 (이하
                “IDFV”), 집적 회로 카드 식별자 (이하
                “ICCID”), 매체 접근 제어(이하 “MAC”)
                주소, 사용자 기기 유형, 운영체제 버전, 기기에 설치된
                모바일 애플리케이션 목록 및 해상도
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
고객 지원 포함해 사용자에게 제공되는 서비스 및 당사 제품을 통해
                제공되는 기타 서비스의 제공, 처리, 유지, 개선 및 개발.
모바일 분석: 애플리케이션 사용 빈도, 애플리케이션 내에서 발생하는
                이벤트, 집계 사용량, 성능 데이터 및 애플리케이션 다운로드 위치
네트워크 정보: 운영자 이름, 네트워크 유형, 연결된 와이파이 네트워크
                이름, 와이파이 네트워크 위치, 와이파이 연결 시간 등 사용 중인
                네트워크에 대한 정보
로그 정보: 당사 서비스 사용 시점 및 빈도에 관한 상세 정보, 주요
                운영 경로, 에러, 충돌, 언어 및 시간대 등을 포함하는 기기 통계
기타 정보: 사용자 운영체제 유형 및 버전 번호, 시스템 언어 및
                애플리케이션 목록에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.  개인정보의 필수 수집 및 이용을 거부하는
                경우 Meitu에서 제공하는 서비스(서비스 약관에 정의됨)를
                이용할 수 없습니다.
특정
선택 기능에 대한 개인정보 수집 및 이용
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
계정의 생성
이동전화번호, 기기 ID,
이름, 사용자 이름, 성별, 생년월일, 위치
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
위치 기반 서비스의 제공
네트워크 정보, IP 주소, 시스템 시간대, 위도 및 경도, 네트워크 위치
                및 시스템 국가
사용자 경험을 개선하기 위한 특정 선택 기능 사용(클라우드 편집
                기능, "얼굴 인식", "키포인트 인식", "영역 분할", "콘텐츠 태그" 기능)
이미지 정보: EXIF 데이터
메타데이터: 사진 메타데이터
쿠키 사용: 사용자의 인터넷 프로토콜(IP) 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷
                서비스 제공자(ISP), 참조 및 종료 페이지, 운영체제, 일시 및
                타임스탬프, 클릭스트림 데이터에 관한 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우
                Meitu의 일부 기능에 대한 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
민감정보의 수집 및 이용(필수)
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
동영상 편집
음성 정보: 마이크 활성화 시 음성 데이터
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
얼굴 인식 콘텐츠 및 얼굴 조작 기능 제공
얼굴 특징 정보
귀하는 상기 명시된 민감정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.   민감 정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용에
                동의하지 않는 경우, Meitu의 특정 기능을 이용하지
                못할 수 있습니다.
(마케팅 목적의) 개인정보 수집 및 이용과 프로모션 마케팅 정보의
            이전
수집 및 이용 목적
수집되는 개인정보 항목
보유 및 이용 기간
마케팅 및 광고
광고 ID, 지리상 위치, IP 주소, 애플리케이션 목록, 사용자 기기에
                설치된 애플리케이션 패키지 이름
관련 법률, 규정, 규제 및 사업 목적 또는 법적 목적의
                이행에 따라 귀하가 당사 계정을 종료하는 즉시 삭제됩니다.
귀하는 상기 명시된 개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부할 권리가
                있습니다.  개인정보의 선택적 수집 및 이용을 거부하는 경우
                Meitu가 제공하는 일부 서비스(예: 맞춤형 광고)에 대한
                이용이 제한될 수 있습니다(수집 및 이용 거부 시에도 Meitu
                이용은 가능합니다).
제3자로의 개인정보 이전(필수)
정보 수신자의
신원 및
수신자
내 개인정보
담당자
연락처
수신자의
위치
수신자의
개인정보 이용 목적
이전되는 개인정보 항목
이전 시기 및 방법
수신자의
개인정보 보유 및
이용 기간
애플 주식회사(Apple Inc.)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Apple의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Google LLC(구글유한책임회사)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Google의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
메타 플랫폼 주식회사(Meta Platforms, Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
미국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Meta Platforms의 개인정보보호정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
Tencent Holdings Ltd.(텐센트 홀딩스)
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
중화인민공화국
구독 결제 서비스
IDFA, GAID, 안드로이드 ID, IP 사용자의 UID, 위치
Meitu 사용 시작 시; 온라인 송금
Tencent의 개인 정보 보호 정책에 따라 제공됩니다.
귀하는 당사의 개인정보 보호책임자에게 연락하여 위에 명시된
                개인정보의 의무적 전송에 대한 동의를 거부할 권리가 있습니다.
                 귀하가 상기 개인정보의 국외 이전을 거부하는 경우, 당사는
                귀하의 개인정보를 국외 이전 대상에서 제외합니다. 단, 이 경우 당사는
                개인정보의 해외 전송이 필요한 귀하의 당사 서비스 이용을
                제한할 수 있습니다.
美颜相机基本功能个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2024年7月30日
生效日期：2024年7月30日
【引言】
欢迎您使用我们的产品和服务！
        我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们承诺将按法律法规的要求，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策，并着重阅读斜体加粗字体。
您同意基本功能个人信息保护政策，仅代表您同意美颜相机以为您提供基本功能为目的，收集处理必要的个人信息。如您使用美颜相机其他附加功能或需收集敏感个人信息的基本功能时，我们会在您使用具体功能时单独征求您的同意。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）账号及安全
1、注册、登录及使用美图账号
您可以通过手机号创建美图账号，并且您可以完善您的账号信息；为此，您需要提供
手机号码
（用于实名认证）并创建
密码、昵称，您也可以选择跳过手机号注册，未创建美图账号，将不影响您使用美颜相机的基本功能。
2、向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的账号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会收集您的设备信息
（android为android_id、oaid、gaid、aaid、vaid，ios为idfa、idfv）
。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行的瞬间，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为，当美颜相机处于后台静置状态时，将不会收集任何信息。
3、维护产品安全及时排除故障
为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的账号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的
AID、IDFA、设备型号信息及登陆IP地址、操作日志信息、设备品牌、系统版本、CPU信息。
这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
4、节省网络流量
我们还可能收集您的
网络运营商及种类、网络类型
，以实现在内容推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的。
4、为您提供合适的地区版本
我们会收集您的
sim 卡状态
，用以判断您所在的大致区域，向您提供最符合您语言和生活习惯的美颜相机版本。
（二）拍摄美化
1、照片、视频拍摄
当您拍摄照片、视频，为了适配您的设备状态，我们会调用
您设备的旋转矢量传感器、加速度传感器信息
，以识别您的设备横竖屏状态。
2、图片美化、人像美容
当您使用图片美化、人像美容功能时，我们会收集不识别任何特定个人的
粗略间接画像特征（如大类别：风景、美食、人像等）
并通过算法进行图片特征分析，用以帮助您选择更加精准的滤镜、特效等。
3、贴纸
当您使用贴纸时，我们会利用iOS的
ARKit
应用程序接口中
映像深度相关资讯运算结果
，以达到更好的影像处理效果，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会上传资料到服务器。
4、小头功能
当您使用小头功能时，我们会用实例分割技术识别
轮廓参数（不会识别人脸等敏感信息）
。收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
（三）消息通知及内容推送
1、消息通知
我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的
联系方式（如：手机号码）
发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息、续费通知或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过以下路径退订：
我-设置-隐私与通知-关闭按钮「允许设备接收短信通知」
2、内容推送
为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。我们需要收集的信息包括您的设备标识信息
（android为android_id、oaid、gaid、aaid、vaid，ios为idfa、idfv）、应用列表信息、IP地址、语言及时区及美颜相机中的浏览记录。
如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过以下路径关闭：
（1）关闭“个性化内容推荐“：我—设置—隐私与通知—个性化展示，
（2）关闭“个性化广告推荐“：我—设置—隐私与通知—个性化广告推荐，
美颜相机无跨平台推荐功能，不会使用上述信息在其他平台为您推荐个性化广告或内容。
3、剪贴板
您在使用口令进行分享或使用兑换码兑换相应福利时，我们需要在本地访问您的剪切板，且仅读取美颜相机相关的口令码或兑换码信息。我们仅在本地识别出剪贴板信息属于美颜相机相关的口令码或兑换码时，才会将其上传服务器，除此之外，我们将不会上传剪贴板的其他信息至服务器。
（四）系统权限及个人信息清单
1、个人信息清单
您也可以通过
《基本功能个人信息收集清单》
简单便捷地了解基本功能所需的个人信息，附加功能所需收集的个人信息，我们将会在您使用附加功能时，单独获取您的同意。
2、系统权限
在您使用部分功能时，需要手机系统权限授权，我们会单独征求您的同意，拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的，
具体详情请见
《权限申请与使用情况说明》
。如您不同意开启权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可根据设备系统按照如下路径撤回授权：
iOS系统撤回授权的路径为：
（1）相机权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—相机权限，
（2）存储权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—存储权限，
（3）录音权限：我—右上角设置—系统权限管理—录音权限，
（4）蓝牙权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—蓝牙服务，
（5）通知权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—通知权限，
（6）地理位置权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—地理位置权限，
（7）广告标识符权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—广告标识符权限。
安卓系统撤回授权的路径为：
(1)相机权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—相机权限，
(2)存储权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—存储权限，
(3)录音权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—录音权限，
(4)通知权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—通知权限，
(5)地理位置权限：我—设置—系统权限管理—地理位置权限，
（五）从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
您自主使用第三方账号（微博、微信、QQ）或手机号码一键登录登录美图时，我们将从第三方合作伙伴处获得以下个人信息：
第三方名称
个人信息
使用场景
深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司
该平台登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括昵称、头像）
微信登录
深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司
QQ登录
北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司
微博登录
世纪龙信息网络有限责任公司
手机号码
电信一键登录
中移互联网有限公司
移动一键登录
2）美图需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美图用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。
        在您使用第三方账号注册或登录后，您的第三方账号将会与美图账号进行绑定，但您可以在【我—设置—账号管理—第三方账号绑定-绑定第三方账号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消账号绑定。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：
获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：
我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、向合作方共享个人信息
仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以保障为您共享的服务得以顺利完成，并帮助我们共享更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的要求以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，
您可详见
《个人信息第三方共享目录》。
（二）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会通过短信、电话等方式向您告知个人信息接收方的名称和联系方式。我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此美颜相机个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（三）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您的单独同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（四）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
1、为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2、为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
3、为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4、为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
5、依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
6、法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与 “服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS 安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取 的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
6、我们已经通过了公安部信息安全等级保护三级认证，并实时跟进相关法律、法规、标准的更新和合规，我们将会尽最大努力抵御并处置各类信息安全的威胁，为您的信息安全提供全方位保障。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正：
您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【个人主页】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图账号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像等进行访问和更正。
2、搜索信息：
您可在【美颜相机】-【搜索栏】-【搜索记录】-【清空搜索记录】中删除您的搜索历史记录，
3、发布内容分享与删除：
您可以于【美颜相机】-【我】进入【个人主页】，并通过【内容】右上角的【●●●】随时分享、删除您自己发布的信息内容。
4、账号信息访问与更正：
您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【设置】-【账号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方账号绑定等信息。
5、个人信息浏览与导出
在账号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
6、发生以下情形，我们将删除已收集的相关个人信息，您也可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
（1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
（2）我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
（3）您撤回同意的；
（4）我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
（5）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如此时法律、行政法规规定的保存期限尚未届满，我们将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（三）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（四）注销账号
1、注销当前应用账号：您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【注销账号】--【注销当前应用账号】进行。选择注销当前美颜相机APP账号时，我们将在您注销后立即清除存储于美颜相机内的您的所有个人信息及数据。
2、注销美图账号：您可在【设置】-【账号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【注销账号】--【注销美图账号】进行。选择注销当前美图账号时，注销为不可逆行为，注销后该美图账号无法登录，无法找回。该美图账号在美图系所有产品内的所有信息（包括但不限于您的个人信息、粉丝数、发布作品、评论、点赞、交易信息等）都会被清除，您的朋友将无法通过美图账号联系到您，请您谨慎操作。
您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（五）我们承诺对于您提出的更正、撤回、删除个人信息及注销账号的请求，我们均会在15个工作日完成核查和处理。
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的
《未成年人个人信息保护规则》
，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由
被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。本产品的开发者为厦门美图网科技有限公司。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
legal@meitu.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市同安区滨海西大道2557号美峰创谷2号楼美图大厦（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。