Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ('
Privacy Policy
') applies to AVAXN App,
In this Privacy Policy:
(a) '
Personal Information
' means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address;
(b) '
Potentially Identifying Information
' means information that by itself is not Personal Information but could be used in conjunction with other information to identify you, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses;
(c) '
Non-Personal Data
' means browsing and site usage data that the Website Owner collects as the owner and maintainer of the Website and that does not contain any Personal Information, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and date and time of each visitor request;
(d) '
Collected Data
' means, collectively, Personal Information, Potentially Identifying Information and Non-Personal Data;
(e) '
We
', '
us
' and '
our
' refer to the Website Owner; and
(f) '
You
' and '
your
' refer to visitors of the Website.
By accessing the Website, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Principles
We are committed to handling responsibly the information and data we collect about you through the Website, whether Personal Information, Potentially Identifying Information or Non-personal Data. We have designed our Privacy Policy in accordance with the following principles (the '
Principles
'):
(a) Privacy policies should be easy to understand, comprehensive, and easy to locate.
(b) Only the minimum amount of Personal Information reasonably necessary to provide you with services on the Website should be collected and maintained, and only for so long as reasonably needed or required. For simple viewing of the Website, no Personal Information should be collected.
(c) Personal Information you provide through the Website should not be used for marketing or advertising purposes without your consent. It should not be disclosed to anyone else without your consent, unless specifically allowed by this Privacy Policy or unless required.
(d) Potentially Identifying Information may be used to improve the Website and for marketing and advertising purposes, as long as it is not used to identify you.
(e) Non-Personal Data may be used to improve the Website and for marketing or advertising purposes.
(f) Unless restricted or prohibited by law, and if your email address has been collected and retained, you should be notified by email when circumstances require us to provide a third party with your Personal Information.
The provisions below are divided into four main categories:
Personal Information,
Potentially Identifying Information,
Non-Personal Data, and
Other Provisions.
These provisions set out specific details about how we handle your Collected Data, in keeping with the Principles. If a situation arises that is not covered by the specific provisions below, then we use the Principles to guide us in dealing with that situation.
A. Personal Information
Collection of Personal Information
We do not collect and do not require you to provide Personal Information when you simply view the Website. If you choose to interact with the Website or the Website Owner, we collect Personal Information in the following circumstances:
(a) when you create an account;
(b) when you purchase a product;
(c) when you send us an email;
(d) when you subscribe or sign up to receive a newsletter or similar communication; and
(e) when you comment on the Website (including on a blog provided on the Website).
Use of Personal Information
We use the Personal Information you provide to us in order to respond to your request or to provide you with the interaction you requested. If you choose to comment on the Website (including on a blog), your name (or alias), your URL and your email address may be displayed on the Website.
Any other Personal Information that we may collect, and that is not specified in this Privacy Policy, will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except in the following instances:
(a) We may share Personal Information with our partners who sell their products through WP App Store in order for them to provide support and other services for products purchased.
(b) We may share Personal Information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain or enhance the Website.
(c) We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
(1) take action regarding suspected illegal activities;
(2) enforce the Terms of Use
or this Privacy Policy;
(3) comply with the law or legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order; or
(4)  protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users or the public
If we are required by law to provide a third party with your Personal Information and if we have collected and retained an email address for you, then we will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or unless we are otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.
Updating your Personal Information
To the extent that we collect your Personal Information for the purpose of newsletters and similar communications, we provide you with the means to update or correct your Personal Information. However, Personal Information already published on the Website (for example, Personal Information posted with comments to a blog) will not be updated.
B. Potentially Identifying Information
Collection of Potentially Identifying Information
We collect the following Potentially Identifying Information:
(a) Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
(b) Cookies
Use of Potentially Identifying Information
We may use Potentially Identifying Information to maintain or enhance the Website, and for marketing or advertising purposes, as long as it is not used to identify you.
Disclosure of Potentially Identifying Information
In general, we will not disclose Potentially Identifying Information to third parties. However, we may disclose Potentially Identifying Information in three instances:
(a) We may disclose Potentially Identifying Information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain or enhance the Website.
(b) We may disclose Potentially Identifying Information with service providers for marketing or advertising purposes, as long as they agree not to use the Potentially Identifying Information to identify you.
(c) We may disclose your Potentially Identifying Information to third parties in a good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
(1) take action regarding suspected illegal activities;
(2) enforce the Terms of Use
or this Privacy Policy;
(3) comply with the law or legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or
(4) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users or the public.
C. Non-Personal Data
Collection of Non-Personal Data
Like most websites, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect Non-Personal Data automatically about the browsing and activities of users visiting the Website.
Use of Non-Personal Data
We may use the Non-Personal Data to maintain or enhance the Website, and for marketing or advertising purposes.
We will not intentionally link Non-Personal Data to your Personal Information.
Disclosure of Non-Personal Data
In general, we do not disclose Non-Personal Data to third parties. However, we may disclose Non-Personal Data in three instances:
(a) We may disclose Non-Personal Data with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain or enhance the Website, as long as it is not linked to your Personal Information.
(b) We may disclose Non-Personal Data with service providers for marketing or advertising purposes, as long as it is not linked to your Personal Information.
(c) We may disclose your Non-Personal Data to third parties in a good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
(1) take action regarding suspected illegal activities;
(2) enforce the Terms of Use
or this Privacy Policy;
(3) comply with the law or legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or
(4)protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users or the public.
D. Other Provisions
Security of Personal Information Collected
We have implemented reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to Collected Data that we store and control. However, no website can fully eliminate security risks. Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access Collected Data, other information, transmissions or private communications.  We will post a reasonably prominent notice to the Website if any such security breach occurs.
Acquisition or Similar Transaction
We may transfer some or all of the Collected Data to a third party as a result of an acquisition, reorganization or similar transaction. Upon such transfer, the acquirer's privacy policy will apply. In such event, we will use reasonable efforts to:
(a) notify you, by a reasonably prominent notice on the Website, and by emailing you if your email address has been collected and retained, and
(b) ensure that at the time of the transaction the acquirer's privacy policy complies with the Principles.
Children
The Website is not directed at children under the age of 13. We will never knowingly request Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Any person who provides their Personal Information to the Website Owner through the Website affirms that they are 13 years of age or older.
Third-Party Websites
The Website may include links to other websites. You should consult the privacy policies of these third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites, and we cannot control their activities.
Note to International Users
The Website is hosted in the United States of America (the '
Hosting Location
'). If you are accessing the Website from another country, note that you are transferring your Collected Data to the Hosting Location, which may have different data protection laws than your country. By accessing the Website, you consent to:
(a) the use of your Collected Data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and
(b) the transfer of your Collected Data to the Hosting Location.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the Effective Date below. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personal Information we collect.
When making an amendment to this Privacy Policy, we will post a reasonably prominent notice on the Website, 30 days before the amendment takes effect. If you do not agree with the amendment, you must cease to use the Website before it takes effect. If you continue to use the Website after 30 days from the day of the notice, you are deemed to have accepted the amendment.
Questions?
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at
shinhan.wu@gmail.com
.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 2013-09-08 (the '
Effective Date
').
This template is based on a
LexPublica
contract template for a Website Privacy Policy. View the original template and supporting documents at
http://lexpubli.ca/contracts/privacy
. You may use and share this template with anyone, free of charge, on the terms of the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
. You may also modify the template. However, in all cases, you must keep this notice (including the links) on copies or modified versions of the template, including on versions that you fill out for actual use as an agreement.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://lexpubli.ca/contracts/privacy:
This site can’t be reached
Check if there is a typo in
beowu-fye.com
.
If spelling is correct,
try running Windows Network Diagnostics
.
DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN
Reload
Check if there is a typo in
beowu-fye.com
.