Privacy
Data and Privacy
We take your privacy seriously here at Astraware!
We do not receive or store any personally identifying information as a result of you playing our games, submitting
    scores or feedback, beyond what you explicitly provide to us, which is typically the nickname you choose to go with
    your score, and your email address if you have provided feedback and asked for us to provide a response.
We hate spam! We will not (and never have) pass your email address to any other company for them to use to send you
    any kind of marketing or other spam, and we use Google as our email provider, who provide our spam filtering and
    mail security. Our mailing list is handled by MailChimp, who store the subscription data securely, and you will only
    receive an infrequent email from us with our latest news and games if you have personally signed up to this list.
We work with Freshdesk for our
customer support
system, who have a robust security in place to keep any data or information provided private.
We do not store any customer purchase information (credit card numbers etc), as we do not process any purchases
    ourselves – all of our purchase now are through third parties – Apple, Google, Amazon, Barnes &
    Noble, Fortumo.
If you believe we have had any breach of security, please
contact us
immediately.
In Summary
We only ask for and send/receive data that is specific to the game and the services it provides, including for
        us to support our customers properly.
Further Details
Our built-in help system gathers a small amount of data about your device (device type, operating system level,
        screen size, memory available, your mobile service provider) as well as some information about how you play the
        game (how many daily games you’ve played, any purchases within the game, the device and high score
        username you’ve selected) so that when you contact us we don’t have to ask all these questions
        – it saves a lot of time and lets us hit the ground running with the support and usually resolve the
        problem in one step!
If you play any daily games and submit your time, then the name you’ve chosen, your device ID, choice of
        badge (where available) and the time for that puzzle (obviously!) are sent to our server. The server provides
        the names and times out in the form of the leaderboard to other players, so the name you’ve chosen may be
        seen by others, along with your time (of course!)
If you contact us for support, we can usually see if you’ve played several of our games, and which
        versions you have installed. Again that helps us to resolve most issues in just one step.
In some of our games which have connectivity via FaceBook, Google+, GameCenter, iCloud etc, the game (and
        server) will make use of this to keep your account data and provide services like player matching and friend
        groups.
The In-Game advert system uses the advertising device ID as well as your approximate location so that it can
        send you an ad that’s appropriate to you. It may also ask your system for other applications that you have
        installed so that it doesn’t send an ad for something you already have!
Puzzles Plus Subscriptions:
For our puzzle games where a subscription option is available, the game and our puzzle servers receive the current
    status of your subscription, which may include the time remaining on the subscription, whether the subscription is
    set to auto-renew, and if it is cancelled, whether that is by user-choice or because the card used on the account
    has expired. We do not receive any credit card details (name, number, etc.)
Surveys :
In some of our games, there is the option to take a short survey, which in turns sponsors our puzzles for you to
    play.
Your survey data is usually in the form of multiple choice answers, and does not include personally identifying data,
    but it may be that there is the option for you to put in your own data if you wish (such as email address) which
    will be sent securely to the company sponsoring the survey. Astraware does not keep this data, but anything you
    choose to provide will be sent.