This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Privacy Policy
Your data is important and private. That's why we take your privacy seriously.
Overview
This document outlines the terms of use and the privacy policy about the data you generate and how it is handled by our apps. Your data is important and private, which is why it is an important issue to disclose and explain. Your privacy is taken very seriously.
Information Collected
No identifiable or non-identifiable information is ever collected and transmitted to any XVision servers. No analytics are taken from using our apps. We do not collect any sensitive information. Nothing!
How We Use Your Information
As no information about you is collected, we can not therefore use any information!
Children Privacy
No data is collected about any children's usage of our apps in any way.
Third Parties
As we do not collect your information, we therefore do not and can not sell information to any third parties or advertisers.
Contact Information
If you have any concerns or questions about this policy or anything at all, please send an email to: support@xvision.me
Terms Of Use
By accessing our website or apps, you agree to the following terms of service, and any other applicable laws or regulations, including copyright and trademark law.
DISCLAIMER - Your use of the service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
LIMITATIONS - In no event shall we, or our suppliers, be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the Service.
MODIFICATIONS - We may revise these terms of service at any time without notice. By using our software you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
GOVERNING LAW - These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that location.
Last updated on March 9, 2019.
Copyright © 2025 XVision. All rights reserved.