Arsosa Network Inc. developed free, ad-supported or in-app purchase apps. This SERVICE is provided by Arsosa Network Inc. and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at our app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to age, gender and location via 3rd party ad network such as Google Ads.. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
–
Google Play Services
–
AdMob
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
– To facilitate our Service;
– To provide the Service on our behalf;
– To perform Service-related services; or
– To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsoup.com/privacy-policy:
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Apps
Reviews
Guide/Cheats
Our Apps
Search for:
At Appsoup.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is the information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit Appsoup.com, and how we safeguard your information. Please be aware that we will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with third-parties without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as Comcast or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. These log datas are use for statistical purposes only to improve our site and enhance user’s experience.
Cookies and Web Beacons
A “cookie” is a small piece of data from a website and stored in user’s web browser. We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a specific content once in your visit, or the ability to remember your username.
E-mail
If you subscribe to our newsletter, your e-mail address will be use to send you site updates and other site related issues only. All subscribers may choose to opt out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in our e-mail. If you contact us via our contact form, your email address will only be use to reply to your inquiry.
3rd-Party Advertisements
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit
networkadvertising.org
.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Privacy Policy Revision
Appsoup.com will from time to time review and revise this privacy policy, any changes will be posted on this website. Appsoup.com has the right to change our privacy practices without prior notice.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
©2024
Appsoup.com
Design by HCT - SSMAG Theme