Privacy Policy
Communications Manager
2023-11-27T01:57:46+00:00
Privacy Policy
We have the utmost respect for your personal information. Rigorous security procedures ensure the safety of your data, and our privacy promise means that you don’t have to worry about your details being passed on.
We will not sell, rent or pass on any of your personal data to any third party.
Overview
Appy Monkey is committed to protecting your privacy and the security of any personal information you submit whilst using the site. The information you supply is stored securely on our computers in the UK. We will not pass your email address, contact details or any other information, which identifies you to third parties. We comply fully with the UK Data Protection Act.
This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of Appy Monkey site and any Services or Systems therein.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means collectively the personal information, Payment Information and credentials used by Users to access Material and / or any communications System on the App;
“Content”
means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this App;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer by Appy Monkey when you visit certain parts of this app. This facilitates easy navigation within the App and allows us to populate your basket and to analyse visitors’ browsing habits within the App;
“Service”
means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that Appy Monkey makes available through the App either now or in the future;
“App”
means the app that you are currently using.
2.Data Collected
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected:
2.1 name;
2.2 gender;
2.3 contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
2.4 demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
2.5 financial information such as credit / debit card numbers – although we do not store payment information once a transaction has been completed;
2.6 IP address (automatically collected);
2.7 web browser type and version (automatically collected);
2.8 operating system (automatically collected);
2.9 a list of URLS starting with a referring site, your activity on this App, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); and
2.10 Cookie information
3. Our Use of Data
3.12 Any personal Data you submit will be retained by Appy Monkey for as long as you use the Services and/or Systems provided on the App.
3.13 Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to Clause 4, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This does not include other companies within our group.
3.14 All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. For more details on security, see clause 9 below.
3.15 Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our App. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
3.15.1 internal record keeping;
3.15.2 improvement of our products / services;
3.15.3 transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;
3.15.4 contact for administration purposes, which may be done using email, telephone, or mail
4. Third Party Apps and Services
Appy Monkey may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment handling, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this App. Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that Appy Monkey requests. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties must be processed within the terms of this Policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
5. Changes of Business Ownership and Control
Appy Monkey may, from time to time, expand or reduce its business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any division so transferred, be transferred along with that division and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.
6. Security
Data security is of great importance to Appy Monkey and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected online.
7. Changes to this Policy
Appy Monkey reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the App and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the App following the alterations.
Violation of any of the terms below will result in the termination of your Account. While Appy Monkey prohibits such conduct and Content on the Service, you understand and agree that Appy Monkey cannot be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials. You agree to use the Service at your own risk.