New Relic, Inc.
General Data Privacy Notice
Last updated February 28, 2025*
Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software.
Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services?  See our
Services Data Privacy Notice
.
For California Residents, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Interested in applying for a job at New Relic?  See our
Applicant Privacy Policy
to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply.
For California Residents, please see our
California Applicant Privacy Notice
.
This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use Personal Data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it.
We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot.
1.
Definitions
2.
Who We Are
3.
The Information We Collect About You
4.
How We Use Your Personal Data
5.
How We Share Your Personal Data
6.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
7.
How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
8.
International Data Transfers
9.
Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
10.
Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
11.
Advertising
12.
Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
13.
AI Chatbot
14.
Security of Your Personal Data
15.
Children
16.
Changes to this General Privacy Notice
17.
How to Contact Us
1. Definitions
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address.  Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below.
“Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as
www.newrelic.com
,
status.newrelic.com
,
learn.newrelic.com
,
discuss.newrelic.com
,
www.newrelic.jp
,
www.newrelic.de
,
codestream.com
,
pixielabs.ai
,
relibirds.newrelic-es.com
and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic.
Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our
Terms of Service
.
2. Who We Are
New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com.  When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc.
New Relic, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105. New Relic, Inc. has offices, subsidiaries and affiliated companies all around the world (collectively “New Relic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours”).
For more information about New Relic, please see the
“About Us”
section of our Sites.
3. The Information We Collect About You
New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources.
The Personal Data we may collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address.  We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms.
For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”.
Read more
We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information,  from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you.
a. Personal Data Categories
Personal Data category
Examples of Personal Data included
Contact information
Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password. Please note that if you are participating in a New Relic online game, e.g., Relibirds, or in any online forum, e.g., New Relic Explorers Hub, you will be prompted to enter a unique username or alias. As this will be publicly visible, New Relic recommends using an alias here instead of your own name/surname.
Financial & billing information
Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information
Event visitor information
Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address
Community profile information
Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles
Office visitor information
Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival
Pictures, videos, & audio recordings
Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you made during a research or a promotional session or event with your consent
Device & geographic information
IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information
Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked
b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information.
Personal Data category
Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly
Collected automatically
Contact information
If you
express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Services
request customer support
use our "Contact Us" or similar features
register to use our Sites and other New Relic platforms, such as pixielabs.ai, sign up for or attend an event, webinar or contest
download certain content, such as whitepapers from our Sites or third-party sites
participate in a New Relic research study or promotion
initiate a chat via the New Relic AI chatbot feature on our Site
No
Financial & billing information
If you
make purchases via our Sites
register for an event or webinar
No
Event visitor information
If you
attend an event
No
Community profile information
We may collect this data in a variety of contexts.
If you
attend a New Relic promotion or event, your image may be captured in a photo or video
participate in a New Relic research study your research session may be recorded with your consent.
No
Web traffic information
If you
visit our Sites
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in the
New Relic Cookie Policy
.
Yes
If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
c.
We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties
that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers.
Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects.
Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include:
Example Categories of Personal Data
Third party source
Contact information
Intent data (or user behavior data)
Device and geographic information
Community profile information
Providers of business contact information
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
Details about a potential customers’ software environment
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
User account information
Vendors
User account information
Code repository platforms, such as GitHub
Contact information
Companies that host an event or sponsor an event
We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them.
Read more
New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
a.
to create & maintain a trusted environment for our Services and Sites,
including in order to
manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systems
operate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systems
comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business
to manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projects
b.
to provide our Services and perform our contract with you as our customer
including to
engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services
to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic University
c.
to communicate and respond to your requests and inquiries to New Relic, including to
conduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other tools
respond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchat
d.
to market our Services or related products and services to new and existing customers, including
tailor our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic
tailor the purchase of Services
for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content and event promotion
to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized service
by creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law.
5. How We Share Your Personal Data
Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data.
Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies.
Read More
New Relic may disclose your Personal to
a.
Third party service providers.
We engage with third parties to  support our business and operations.  For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. New Relic remains liable for any onward transfers to third parties.
b.
Event sponsors and hosts.
If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices.
c.
Business partners.
We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner.
d.
Comply with our legal obligations.
Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by a public authority, including any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
e.
New Relic entities.
We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc.  We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice.
f.
Actual or potential buyers.
In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice.
g.
Other person(s).
Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent.
6. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
Read More
We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where:
Its use is necessary
for a contract
you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with us
Its use is necessary because of a
legal obligation
that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users
You have consented
to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
Its use is in accordance with
our legitimate interests
e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in
Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data)
and
Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data)
.
7. How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.  Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
8. International Data Transfers
When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
Read more
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.
We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request). Additionally, New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. New Relic is subject to the investigation and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.  In compliance with the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  Individuals from the EU, Switzerland and the UK with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact New Relic as set out at Section 9 (c) of this Privacy Notice:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Additionally,you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Arbitration Panel under certain circumstances. To find out more about the Data Privacy Framework’s binding arbitration scheme, see
Annex 1 of the EU- U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
.
9. Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your Personal Data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information.
For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More.
Read More
a. When it comes to
your marketing choices,
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided
here
, or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service related emails from us, such as, e.g., transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice.
Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties.
b. We apply certain
data protection rights to all individuals (including individuals covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF)
, regardless of location.  Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information by completing this
form
, if you have an account, or by sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you would like to remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog you can send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you have participated in an online game, e.g. Relibirds or in any online New Relic forum, e.g. New Relic Explorers hub and would like to have your Personal Data deleted, please send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com and specify which game and/or forum you participated in; this will enable us to identify your Personal Data and fulfill your request. Please note that if you engage in messaging other users of a public forum, another user may request deletion of the message(s) which means that they will no longer be available for any user to view.
When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
c. EEA & the United Kingdom
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws.
These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data.
Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data.
Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are an EEA or UK individual  (including any individual covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF) and have a New Relic account, you can exercise your access right by completing this
form
. If you do not have a New Relic account, and want to exercise your access right or any of the other rights outlined in this Section and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com.
d. Privacy Rights under U.S. Privacy Laws
Certain U.S. states have enacted consumer privacy laws. If a U.S. state’s privacy law applies to you, and you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. Additionally, if you wish to submit a complaint to your state Attorney General (where applicable), you may find the relevant information on how to do so
here
.
California
New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Nevada
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Virginia
If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Colorado
If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General by following the instructions as described above.
Connecticut
If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of  your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions.  You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Utah
If you are a Utah resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act in addition to the right to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Utah Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
Oregon
If you are an Oregon resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data (including any derived data) as outlined above. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent. The withdrawal of consent may mean however that certain services are no longer available to you.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process, or processed, your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to know what third parties we have disclosed your Personal Data to. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Oregon Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so.  In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Texas
If you are a Texas resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Texas Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Delaware
If you are a Delaware resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Delaware Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Iowa
If you are an Iowa resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Iowa Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Montana
If you are a Montana resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Montana Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Hampshire
If you are a New Hampshire resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. Please note that access may be denied if access would also involve the disclosure of confidential company information, e.g. a trade secret. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Hampshire Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Nebraska
If you are a Nebraska resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nebraska Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Jersey
If you are a New Jersey resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Jersey Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Jersey Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Jersey Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Jersey Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
e. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are
an Australian resident
and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au.
10. Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.  New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT.  Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals.
11. Advertising
We may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click
here
(or, if located in the EU, click
here
).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
12. Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites.  Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
13. AI Chatbot
New Relic offers a third-party AI chatbot feature on our Site to enable us and our visitors conduct a live chat and/or so New Relic can provide the visitor with information upon request. We use cookies and your IP address to provide the service and to collect information about visitors' behavior on our Site. A chat session may be monitored, recorded or shared with the third party.
14. Security of Your Personal Data
New Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
15. Children
Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 18. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
, and we will take steps to delete such information.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice.  It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months.
17. How to Contact Us
New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers. If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at:
By email: privacy@newrelic.com
By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request
New Relic, Inc.
188 Spear Street
Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94105
New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative.
New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at:
Strand Bridge House
138-142 The Strand
London, England WC2R 1HL
Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative.
For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices including complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices.
The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller.
*Updated on February 28, 2025 with additional information on uses and disclosures on Personal Data.
Prior Versions
October 7, 2024
Aug 23, 2024
July 1, 2024
December 20, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/services-notices:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
Cookie Consent
Storage Preferences
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to make our website work, enhance your website experience, analyze website traffic, and support our marketing efforts. By using our website or clicking a button in this banner, you consent to our use of these technologies. To opt out of third-party marketing, advertising and tracking technologies, please select “Your Privacy Choices” below.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Notice
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
New Relic Now+
New Relic’s most transformative platform update yet with 20+ product launches.
Watch the event on-demand now.
New Relic Services Data Privacy Notice
Last updated November 7, 2023*
This New Relic Services Privacy Notice (“Services Privacy Notice”) covers our collection, use, and disclosure of the Customer Data (as defined below) and Systems Operations Data (as defined below) by the New Relic product services (together the “Services”), such as through New Relic APM, New Relic Browser, New Relic Mobile, New Relic Synthetics, New Relic Infrastructure, New Relic Insights, New Relic Logs, New Relic Serverless, New Relic One, and the New Relic Developer Program, that are licensed and used by New Relic’s customers and their users (collectively, “you,” “your,” or “customer”). For purposes of this Services Privacy Notice, “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, ‘personal information’ as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), name, phone number, postal code or zip code, Device ID, User ID, IP address and email address.
This Services Privacy Notice does not cover:
Personal Data processed pursuant to the
General Data Privacy Notice
, such as Personal Data collected through: our websites, such as
www.newrelic.com
,
status.newrelic.com
,
learn.newrelic.com
, and any other New Relic website (together the “Sites”); product feedback or surveys; the sales and provisioning process; and in connection with New Relic events, sales and marketing activities.
Personal Information processed under the CCPA and pursuant to the
California Privacy Notice
.
Personal Data processed pursuant to our
Applicant Privacy Policy
, when an individual applies for a role with New Relic through our Site or otherwise.
Links to any other website or location are for convenience only and do not imply New Relic’s endorsement of such other website or location or its contents.
We recommend that customers and users read the entire Services Privacy Notice.  If a customer or user has any questions about this Services Privacy Notice please contact us using the information in
Section 6 (How to Contact Us.)
Who We Are
Information we collect as a Processor/Service Provider: Customer Data
Information we collect as a Controller/Business Owner: Systems Operations Data
International Data Transfers
Communications and Notifications to Customers and Users
How to Contact Us
1. Who We Are
New Relic, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1000, San Francisco, CA 94105. New Relic, Inc. has offices, subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“New Relic Group”) all around the world (collectively “New Relic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours”).  For more information about New Relic, please see the “
About Us
” section of our Site.
2. Information we collect as a Processor/Service Provider: Customer Data
a.
Collection of Customer Data (a.k.a. Performance Data)
. Customer may use the Services to send New Relic data, such as: (i) when our software (e.g. agents, software development kits (SDKs), etc.) is deployed in our customers' applications, websites, and infrastructure, (ii) from synthetic monitors (which simulate transactions and actions carried out by users) or cloud integration, or (iii) when sent to our data collection systems (e.g. application programming interface (API), which allows the transmission of data between applications) for processing, which is made available in customer’s account (“Customer Data”).
Customer Data is subject to the restrictions set forth in the
documentation
and the underlying agreement between New Relic and its customer (“Customer Agreement”).  Any Personal Data written to file in a New Relic account is configured by the user of the software (agents, APIs, SDKs, queries, etc.) that New Relic makes available in connection with the Services, or as a result of the customer’s end system configurations.
b.
Use of Customer Data
.
Customer is the data controller/business owner of the Customer Data. New Relic is the processor/service provider of the Customer Data. New Relic only collects and processes Personal Data within Customer Data upon lawful documented instructions of its customer, including: (a) those set forth in the Customer Agreement, (b) an applicable executed data protection addendum, (c) customer’s use and configuration of the Services, or (d) as otherwise necessary to provide the Services (i.e. testing and applying new product and system versions, patches, updates, upgrades, and resolving bugs and other issues reported to New Relic) (together the “Business Purpose”).
New Relic may, depending on your selected data hosting region and/or your configuration of the New Relic Services,  aggregate or de-identify Customer Data across multiple accounts and use this data to improve or enhance engagement of our Services or to create and publish (subject to the confidentiality restrictions in the Customer Agreement) industry benchmarks or comparative application performance metrics.
c.
Disclosure of Customer Data
.
To the extent New Relic provides third party  sub-processors with access to Customer Data in order to assist in the provision of the Services, such sub-processors shall be subject to the same data protection and security obligations as New Relic under the Customer Agreement or applicable executed Data Protection Addendum, as applicable.  Provided that a customer signs up for notifications at
https://newrelic.com/NR-legal-signup-datasubprocessors
, New Relic shall provide 21 days’ notice of any new third party core sub-processors within the New Relic platform.  After being notified, customer will have ten (10) business days to notify New Relic in writing of any reasonable objection it has to the new sub-processor(s).  Failure to notify New Relic within this time frame will be deemed approval of the new sub-processor(s). ​​Where the new third party sub-processor (non-core service provider) relates to an optional new feature or functionality that the customer is not currently using and where the use of such new feature or functionality (and the subsequent processing of Personal Data) could only be enabled by the customer’s deliberate configuration of the Services to include such sub-processor, New Relic shall provide notice of the appointment of the third party sub-processor simultaneously with the announcement of the new feature or functionality.
Additionally, New Relic does not maintain an inventory of Customer Data that may contain Personal Information, as defined by the CCPA. New Relic obtains Service Provider (as defined by the CCPA) certifications from its vendors where appropriate.
If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will gain custody of the Customer Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding the Customer Data as described in this Services Privacy Notice.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence, New Relic does not sell Personal Data submitted as Customer Data for processing pursuant to the Customer Agreement.
d.
Retention of Personal Data within Customer Data
.
To the extent we process Personal Data within Customer Data, we retain Personal Data in accordance with the retention period in the Customer Agreement.
e.
Data Subject Rights
.
If Personal Data pertaining to you as an individual has been submitted to the Services as part of Customer Data by or on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any data protection rights you may have in respect of that data under applicable law, including (as applicable) the right to access, portability, correct, amend, or delete such data, please inquire with the relevant customer directly.
If a customer of New Relic needs assistance in responding to a data subject request relating to Personal Data contained in customer's Customer Data, please see our
documentation
on how to submit a request for assistance to New Relic.
f.
Security and Confidentiality
.
New Relic has implemented and will maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to Customer Data.  These measures, which are generally aligned with NIST 800-53 standard, govern all areas of security applicable to the Services, including physical access, system access, data access, transmission, input, security, oversight, and enforcement. Additionally, New Relic has obtained certifications from independent, third-party auditing organizations such as ISO27001 and HITRUST and provides security in accordance with industry accepted standards described
here
.
Please be aware that should you choose to submit content on any of New Relic’s public forums (such as NR Public Issue Tracker, NR Explorer’s Hub, and NR Open Source Project process)  that content will be publicly visible by default on that forum which means that it will be visible to any visitor to the forum, even if they are not a New Relic customer or New Relic employee. Prior to submitting the content, you will want to ensure that you are not submitting any information that you do not want to be visible publicly. Some public forums may allow you to change your submission to ‘private’ which means that the submission will not be visible to the general public.
These public fora may allow you to submit a screen-capture of your User Content which may contain Customer Data including Personal Data. If you choose to submit a screen capture to one of these public forums, the User Content, screen-capture and any Customer Data (including Personal Data contained therein) will be publicly visible. Before you post publicly, you may be asked to provide a specific consent and/or acknowledgment that you are submitting Personal Data or if you would like to make the submission private.  If you accidentally  submit content that contains Customer Data, confidential information, sensitive data, or content inadvertently submitted, the appropriate terms and documentation for that public forum will provide the process for you to submit a request to have that data deleted, anonymized, or otherwise removed from the forum.
New Relic employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of Customer Data, employee’s obligations include written confidentiality agreements, regular training on information security and privacy, and compliance with New Relic policies concerning protection of confidential information.
Additional details regarding the specific security measures that apply to the Services are available for review
here
.
3. Information we collect as a Controller/Business Owner: Systems Operations Data
a.
Types of Systems Operations Data We Receive
.
“Systems Operations Data”  is data that relates to the use and operation of our Services and the systems and networks these Services run on, and includes log files, event files, and other trace and diagnostic files, as well as statistical, aggregated data, and Personal Data (such as user name, user ID, etc.).
We collect Systems Operations Data when a user provides it to us (e.g. by responding to in-Service messages), as well as automatically by the interaction of end-users of our Services with the New Relic systems, tools and networks used to monitor and deliver the Services to our customer base.  We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect Systems Operations Data. For more information about our use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, please refer to the
New Relic Cookie Policy
. We may also pair Systems Operations Data with Personal Data that we collect online and offline pursuant to our
General Privacy Notice.
b.
Use of Systems Operations Data
.
We collect Systems Operations Data for business and commercial purposes, such as the following:
to help keep our Services secure, including for security monitoring, identity management, and to investigate and prevent potential fraud and illegal activities involving our Services, systems and networks;
to administer our Service, including backup disaster recovery plans and policies;
to confirm compliance with licensing and other terms of use;
for research and development purposes, including to analyze, develop, improve and optimize our Services;
to increase engagement and adoption of our Services (e.g. by providing in Service training and suggestions);
to tailor how we present the Services to users; and
to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business, including to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal requests; for mergers and acquisitions; finance and accounting; legal and business consulting; and in the context of dispute resolution.
For Systems Operations Data that is subject to the GDPR or the UK GDPR (ie.either collected in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK) and/or relating to persons located in the EEA or the UK), our legal basis of processing such information is our legitimate interest in performing, improving, maintaining, and securing our Services and operating our business in an efficient and appropriate manner.  Personal Data may also be processed to comply with legal obligations.
Personal Data may also be used for marketing purposes in line with your
marketing choices
. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) if you are a New Relic user,  (ii) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (iii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided here, or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service related emails from us, such as, e.g., transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties.
c.
Sharing Systems Operations Data
.
We disclose Systems Operations Data to the following categories of recipients for our business purposes:
to third-party services providers that support our business and operations
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect vital interests of any other person
to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use such Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this Services Privacy Notice
to your organization or employer- if you access the Services through a subscription administered by your organization or employer, your Personal Data which is contained within the Systems Operations Data may be accessed by or shared with the administrators authorized by your organization or employer for the purposes of usage analysis, subscription management and compliance and/or departmental budgeting
to any other person with appropriate consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law
d.
Retention of Personal Data within Systems Operations Data
.
We retain Personal Data where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide a user with a service that was requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process such Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because the Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store such Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see
Section 6 (How to Contact Us).
e.
Your Choices and Data Protections Rights for Systems Operations Data
.
i.
User Choices
.
To the extent provided under applicable laws, users may request to access, correct, update or delete Personal Data contained within Systems Operations Data in certain cases, or otherwise exercise their choices with regards to such Personal Data by following the instructions provided in
New Relic personal data requests
.
ii.
Data Protection Rights
. We apply certain data protection rights to all individuals, regardless of location. Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information by completing this
form
, if you have an account, or by sending an email to personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you would like to remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog, you can by sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com.
When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
In addition to the rights to  correct, update or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws.
These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data.
Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data.
Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are an EEA or UK individual and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com
New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident you have some additional data protection rights. If you are a California resident, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
For information on how we comply with the applicable provisions of other laws as they concern jurisdiction-specific data protection rights, please see our
General Data Privacy Notice
.
f.
Disclosure of information to third parties
The categories of personal information we disclose to the third parties and categories of to whom we share that personal information for a business purpose are as follows:
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We Share Information for Business Purposes
Direct identifiers (such as name and email address).
New Relic’s affiliates; vendors; service providers; third party business partners (as identified below); and customer (that may be your employer) and other Users on the same customer Organization or Account
Commercial Information (such as transaction and operational data).
New Relic’s affiliates, vendors, service providers, and third party business partners (as identified below)
Internet or Other Network or Device Activity (such as browsing history or app usage)
New Relic’s affiliates, vendors and service providers
Approximate Location Information (such as location inferred from your IP address, city, country)
New Relic’s affiliates, vendors and service providers
Professional business information (such as the name of your employer and job title)
New Relic’s affiliates, vendors, service providers, and third party business partners (as identified below)
We refer to third party business partners, such as resellers and/or distributors, as those companies that are involved in marketing, selling, and providing services to prospects or customers, to fulfill product and information requests and to provide prospects or customers with information about New Relic’s products and services. We may engage in joint sales or product promotions with select business partners. If you fill in a form on the New Relic site, e.g. if you sign up for a New Relic ebook or webinar, or if you purchase or specifically express an interest in a jointly-offered product, promotion or service, we may share relevant personal information with those designated partner(s) and you may be contacted by that designated New Relic partner for New Relic’s commercial purposes.
We respond to all requests without delay and in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
g.
Security of Your Personal Data
.
New Relic is committed to protecting the security of Personal Data within Systems Operations Data.  We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect these Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  Despite these measures, New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with these Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If there are any questions about security on our Site or Services, please contact us using the details provided under
Section 6 (How to Contact Us).
4. International Data Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, if you are located in the EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom (UK) you should note that your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA,Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, including to the US and other countries which have different data protection laws.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this Services Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law. These include implementing an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, for transfers of Personal Data with our third party service providers and partners, further details of which can be provided upon request. We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request). Additionally, New Relic complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.  In compliance with the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data.  Individuals from the EU, Switzerland and the UK with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact New Relic as set out at Section 9 (c)  of New Relic’s
General Data Privacy Notice
. For more information on how New Relic meets it obligations under the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, please see New Relic’s
General Data Privacy Notice
.
5. Communications and Notifications to Customers and Users.
a.
Legal Requirements
.
New Relic may access Customer Data and Personal Data contained in Systems Operations Data as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights or property of New Relic or users of the Services, protect the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or respond to government requests, including public and government authorities outside a user’s country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes.
b.
Customer Communications
.
To the extent you have opted to enable an integration with Slack with regard to a New Relic feature or functionality, we may also use Slack to provide you with notifications in connection with your account.
c.
Form Fills
.
New Relic collects specific information about customers and users who elect to submit their details to us via an electronic form when setting up their account. This is to assist us in personalizing some of the fields for future reference. When you first elect to fill in a form, New Relic will store certain known fields such as name, email address, billing address and telephone number. This way, we will not require you to submit these details again when you revisit our website and choose to submit your details and/or fill in another form.
d.
Changes to this Services Privacy Notice
.
This Services Privacy Notice is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform our customers, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain consent to any material Services Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
The date of the most recent update to this Services Privacy Notice can be found by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Services Privacy Notice.
6.  How to Contact Us
If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared, used, or to exercise any data data rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) as follows.
Email inquiries may be addressed to: Privacy@newrelic.com.
Written inquiries may be addressed to:
Attn: Legal Data Subject Request
New Relic, Inc.
188 Spear Street
Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94510
In addition, if you are an individual located inside Germany, Ireland, or the United Kingdom you can contact:
Robert Niedermeier (our external DPO)
Hauptstraße 4
D-85579 Neubiberg / München
Germany
Requests that do not include confidential or sensitive content can also be sent by email to our external DPO at: newrelic@legislator.de.
For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices.
The data controller/business owner of your Personal Data within Systems Operations Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller/business owner.
*Updated on November 7, 2023  to provide additional information on uses and disclosures of personal data.
Prior Versions
October 3,2023
August 5, 2022
March 14, 2021
April 27, 2020
Sub-policy 1
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/californiaprivacynotice:

Sub-policy 2
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
Cookie Consent
Storage Preferences
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to make our website work, enhance your website experience, analyze website traffic, and support our marketing efforts. By using our website or clicking a button in this banner, you consent to our use of these technologies. To opt out of third-party marketing, advertising and tracking technologies, please select “Your Privacy Choices” below.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Notice
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
New Relic Now+
New Relic’s most transformative platform update yet with 20+ product launches.
Watch the event on-demand now.
New Relic
Applicant Privacy Notice
Last Updated:
January 2024
For Applicants from California, please see our
California Applicant Privacy Notice.
1. Introduction
New Relic, Inc. (including our affiliates and joint ventures, “
we
,” “
us
” or “
New Relic
”) values your trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal data within information collected during the job application and recruitment process. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address. This Applicant Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) describes:
types and use of personal data collected through the Careers section of our website (our “
Careers Site
”) and offline in connection with your application for a job or internship with New Relic or your interest in employment with us, and/or personal data collected during the application and recruitment process and the reasons why we collect it;
sources of collection of personal data related to your job application and recruitment process;
how we retain your personal data;
disclosures and transfer of your personal data;
technologies used to conduct passive collection of information;
the rights you may have under privacy laws and regulations (note that not all listed rights may be applicable to your particular situation); and
security measures used to protect your personal data.
Personal data submitted elsewhere on our websites will be used in accordance with our
General Data Privacy Notice
.
2. Personal Data We Collect About You
2.1 Information You Provide
Centered Table
Category of Personal Data
Details
Identifiers
Name, country of residence, state or province (if applicable), telephone number, email address, and other contact information
Identification Data
Name, date of birth, gender (if in the U.S.)
National Identifiers
Work authorization status/ work permits and needs for future sponsorship
Professional or Employment-Related Information
CV, resume, cover letter, previous work experience, education information, description of current position, job title, company name, employment status, role(s) for which you are applying, job application and accompanying documentation/communication, cover letters, professional and other work-related licenses, permits, and certifications held, information from assessments and interviews, compensation/benefit requests, relocation information, information relating to references and work history
Other Details
Any other information you elect to provide to us (e.g., employment preferences, skills, willingness to relocate, desired salary, awards, or professional memberships)
2.2 Sources From Which We Collect Personal Data
New Relic obtains personal data directly from you; for example, in your job application, forms you complete for us, and any personal data you provide us during the course of your application and the recruiting process. In addition, New Relic may obtain personal data about you from your references or from a background check report and from publicly available data (including, but not limited to, professional networking sites, contributor credits, as a referral from an existing New Relic employee, third party recruiting platforms, and trade publications) in connection with your application, as permitted by applicable law, public internet sources, i.e. social media, job boards, public profiles and other public online sources including credentialing or licensing organizations (if applicable).
Except where such personal data is legally required and specifically requested by New Relic due to that legal requirement, we ask that you
avoid submitting the following personal data,
which may qualify as sensitive personal data (or special categories of personal data) under applicable law:  personal data on race, religion, ethnicity, nationality or national origin, age, gender identity, sexual practices or orientation, marital status, medical or health personal data (including disability status), genetic or biometric personal data, biometric templates, political or philosophical beliefs, political party or trade union membership, veteran status, background check personal data, and judicial data such as criminal records or personal data on other judicial or administrative proceedings. We may be required by U.S. law to request specific data on some of these topics (e.g., disability or veteran status) for jobs located in the U.S.
To the extent the personal data you provide, including in your job evaluations or educational records, contains types of personal data referenced in the preceding paragraph and which may be required by New Relic as a result of a legal obligation in applicable jurisdictions,
you expressly authorize New Relic to handle such details for the purposes of your job application or for ensuring fair and equitable hiring practices.
Any information you submit during the application process must be true, complete, and not misleading. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action, including immediate termination of employment.
In addition, it is your responsibility to ensure that information you submit does not violate any third party’s rights, including privacy rights. If you give us personal data about anyone else (e.g., a reference), you should first provide this person a link to
New Relic General Data Privacy Notice
, notify them that you want to share their personal data with us for the purposes described, and obtain their consent.
3. How We Use Your Personal Data
We collect and process personal data about you for the following reasons:
because you voluntarily provide this personal data;
because this personal data is necessary to take steps at your request prior to entering into an employment or internship; or
because this personal data is of particular importance to us and we have a specific legitimate interest under applicable law to process it.
The personal data you submit will be used for New Relic’s global personnel recruitment, management and planning purposes, as permitted by applicable local law, including:
to process your application;
to assess your capabilities and qualifications for a job;
to conduct reference checks;
to respond to your inquiries and communicate with you about your application, and to send you information regarding the Careers Site and changes to our terms and policies;
to comply with or monitor compliance with any applicable law or regulation;
to conduct background checks if we offer you a position, subject to applicable law; and
to preserve our other legitimate interests, for example, for New Relic’s administrative purposes, aggregate management reporting, internal training, and as generally required to conduct our business within New Relic;
to help us understand the diversity of our workforce and to support core business diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives; or
where necessary to protect the vital interests of any person.
We will make the personal data available to New Relic personnel with a business need to know, including personnel in the recruiting, human resources, security, and information technology departments, and in the department responsible for the position for which you are applying.
The personal data about you will be added to New Relic’s recruiting database and may be used to consider you for opportunities at New Relic other than the one(s) for which you apply. If you do not wish us to do this, please email
resume@newrelic.com
.
If we hire you, personal data we collect in connection with your application may be incorporated into our human resources system and may be used to manage the new-hire process; any such information may become part of your employee file and may be used for other employment-related purposes.
4. Other Bases for Processing Your Personal Data
New Relic may also use the personal data we collect as we believe to be necessary or appropriate:
under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence;
to comply with legal process;
to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence;
to enforce our terms and conditions;
to protect our operations;
to protect our rights;
to protect your rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of other individuals; and
to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
New Relic might also use your sensitive (special category) medical personal data for the following purposes (and only where applicable):
To the extent necessary to comply with New Relic’s legal obligations, such as to accommodate disabilities;
To protect the health and safety of New Relic’s employees and facilities, for example, to take your temperature when required by law or public health authorities;
For occupational health and safety compliance and record-keeping;
To conduct pre-employment medical examinations; and
To respond to a medical emergency.
Providing personal data to us is voluntary. However, if you do not provide sufficient information, New Relic may be unable to consider your employment application.
5. How We Share Your Personal Data
New Relic, Inc. may share personal data with affiliates that are involved in evaluating candidates for a given position. Those New Relic entities will use your personal data for the purposes set out in Section 3, ‘How We Use Your Personal Data’ of this Notice. New Relic, Inc. remains responsible for personal data that is jointly used with affiliates.
New Relic may share personal data with service providers used for functions such as hosting and operating the Careers Site, recruiting assistance, background check processing, and similar services.
New Relic may transfer information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
For details of other entities, please contact us by email at
privacy@newrelic.com
or by mail at New Relic, Inc. 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA.
6. Data Retention
We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. If you are successful with your application, your personal data will be kept in accordance with our Employee Privacy Notice which you will be provided with upon being hired. If you are unsuccessful with your application, we may also, contingent upon your consent where required, retain your personal data for the purpose of considering whether your skills are suitable for other opportunities. Where applicable, your personal data will be kept for the duration of the application process and during a period of one year after confirmation that your application was unsuccessful. If you do not wish to be considered for opportunities other than those to which you apply, please email
resume@newrelic.com
with your request. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory obligations, we may delete your personal data from our database without further notice to you.
7. Transfers of Your Personal Data Outside Your Country of Residence
As part of the recruitment process, your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located. These countries may have privacy laws that are different from the laws of your country.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your personal data will be accessed by New Relic personnel or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.
We take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Applicant Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request).
8. Your
Data Protection Rights
We apply certain data protection rights to all individuals regardless of location. Specifically, you may correct, update or delete personal data contained in your account by editing your profile within our Careers Site or by sending an email to
resume@newrelic.com
.
How to exercise your rights:
If you would like to exercise the rights as set out below, please submit your request to
resume@newrelic.com
. If you have questions please contact
privacy@newrelic.com
. When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay and in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request. If we are unable to deal with your request fully within one month (due to the complexity or number of requests) under applicable law, we may extend this period. Should this extension be necessary, we will explain the reasons why. For your protection, we may only fulfill requests with respect to the personal data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep personal data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
If you have shared your personal data with us via LinkedIn, you can exercise your rights by providing us with your first name and last name. In some cases, we may need to have some other identifier that came in through LinkedIn.
For Individuals in the EEA & the United Kingdom
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete personal data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data privacy laws. These rights include the right to find out if we use your personal data, or to access your personal data.
Also, you can object to the processing of personal data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your personal data.
Where we have collected and processed your personal data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
For Individuals in Other Locations
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete personal data outlined above, data privacy laws around the world may grant you certain additional rights as described below. New Relic intends to comply with applicable laws in all jurisdictions where we operate, and to the extent practicable, we strive to apply the same internal processes to all employees.
Specific rights you may have.
Please note, however, that certain personal data may be exempt from requests pursuant to applicable privacy laws or other laws and regulations.
Right to know the categories of personal data we collect.
Right to know the purpose of collection.
Right to request access to the specific pieces of personal data we collect.
Australia:
Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures.
New Relic will process personal data under this Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles. If you are
an Australian resident
and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data protection right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au.
U.S. State Privacy Laws
California.
If you are a California resident, please see our
California Applicant Privacy Notice
9. Sale of Personal Data
New Relic does not sell or share the personal data of any applicant or of any third party whose personal data the applicant may submit during the application process, except as directed by the applicant or third party.
10. New Relic Talent Community
If you join New Relic’s talent community, we will use the personal data you submit to share content relevant to your career interests, to invite you to events that are relevant to your career interests, and to share career opportunities with you. In furtherance of these objectives, one of our recruiters may contact you directly.
11.  Passive Information Collection: Cookies and Similar Technology
We and our service providers may use “cookies” and similar technologies on our website, including our Careers Site.
12. Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data within our organization. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
Do not send sensitive personal data to us via unencrypted email. It is your sole responsibility to use the appropriate level of care whenever you communicate with us.
13. Link to Third-Party Websites
The Careers Site may contain links to other websites.  This Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Careers Site links.  The inclusion of a link on the Careers Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by New Relic.  We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on those sites, including their privacy policies.
Important Note:
Warning Regarding Job Offer Scams
14. Law Applicable to Job Application
The Careers Site allows you to apply for jobs worldwide, as a benefit of New Relic’s centralized global recruitment function. The Careers Site is operated from the United States.  Accordingly, any personal data you submit to the Careers Site will be collected in the United States and will be subject to U.S. laws. However, if we share your personal data with an affiliate located in another country in its capacity as a potential employer, the affiliate will handle your personal data in accordance with this Notice.  Any hiring or other employment-related decisions will be made by the hiring affiliate in accordance with the laws of the country where the job will be located. The Careers Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
15. About Children
The Careers Site is not intended for people under the age of 18.
16. New Relic Personnel
If you currently work for New Relic and are interested in applying to a different position, you can do so with your
@newrelic.com
email address via New Relic’s internal careers portal. If you accept such a position, your benefits programs and Human Resources policies may change.  Please consult with the HR manager for the new position concerning application eligibility, benefit programs, and HR policies applicable to that position.
17. Changes to the Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time in order to address future developments of New Relic, the Careers Site or changes in industry or the law.  We will post the revised Notice on the Careers Site.  You can determine when the Notice was revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend on the top of this Notice.  Any changes will become effective upon the posting of the revised Notice on the Careers Site.  By continuing to use the Careers Site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Notice, in whole or part, you can choose to not continue to use the Careers Site.
18. Contact Us
If you have questions or requests, please feel free to contact us at
resume@newrelic.com
or 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105 (Attn: Privacy).
Sub-policy 3
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/californiaapplicantprivacy:
Skip to main content
Page not found.
There doesn't seem to be anything here.
You can
go home
or
contact us
if
        you can't find what you're looking for.
Server Status: 404 Not Found
Sub-policy 4
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 5
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;