PRIVACY POLICY
1.
Introduction
Landrule respects your privacy, and is providing this
Privacy Policy to let you know what we do with the information that we collect.
This Privacy Policy will govern both your use of the Site and the Application
(“App”).
Your privacy rights when
using Landrule are listed in this Privacy Policy, however you may also be bound
by the Google Privacy Policy which you can find via your mobile phone.
2.
Your Information
As a condition of using certain features of Landrule, you
may be required to provide us with certain information, such as your name,
e-mail address, username, password, or Facebook ID.
This, and other information about you, is defined as
“personal information” for the purposes of our Privacy Policy.
Your username, as well as anything you do inside the
multiplayer part of the game, may be viewable by others.
You can reasonably expect others to
remember who you are, especially if you act like a jerk while playing.
We use the information you provide to help us identify and
verify you, to enhance or improve your user experience, to enhance or improve
our App, and to send emails about our App or respond to inquiries.
Our App also may also collect certain information about your
use of our App, but is limited.
We
are able to see user stats, query data, usage data, multiplayer data, and
interactions with others.
Any of this type of data that is
collected is anonymized.
3.
Securing Your
Account
You must never share your account information with any other
person.
If your Landrule account,
or the mobile device you use Landrule on account, becomes compromised, you
should immediately change the login. You will be responsible for any loss or
damages that occurs as a result of your account being compromised, whether or
not it was your fault.
4. Cookies
We may use cookies which will help us to determine your
preferences, distinguish you amongst other users (because you’re special to
us), and to help maintain your account’s integrity.
Therefore, the use of cookies is mandatory in order to use Landrule
, and you must accept this as a condition of accessing and using our Site and
App.
5.
APIs
We use Google Analytics, which uses “cookies” to report
information back to us about your use of our Site and App.
We use this information to compile
reports about activity on our site and app so that we may better optimize it
for your use.
In addition to our
use, Google may also use this information to process its own data.
By using this website and app,
you give your consent to Google to process the data it collects about you in
the way previously described and for the purpose previously specified.
We also may allow you use to connect to the multiplayer
portion of our Site and App using Facebook.
In doing so you will be granting certain permissions and we
are allowed to collect this information.
6.
Data Storage
We endeavor to keep your personal information secure, and we
will only share it to the extent that is authorized by this Privacy Policy or necessary
to maintain our operations. We use a third party to provide us with assistance
with our Site and App, and we try to ensure that we only use reputable third
parties.
We value our reputation
as a secure business and will never do anything that we think would harm it.
8.
Law Enforcement
We may choose to disclose your personal information if we
believe it is reasonable to do so in order to protect persons or property,
assist law enforcement in a bona fide investigation into allegations of illegal
activity, or protect the rights of third parties, such as people whose
intellectual property has been infringed on.
9.
COPPA
We comply fully with the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act.
We do not allow
any users under the age of thirteen to use our service.
However, if you become aware of the
existence of a user who is under the age of thirteen, please contact us
immediately at
admin@landrule
.com
with full details.
Include as much information as possible, including why you
believe that the person is under thirteen.
If you have been reported as being below thirteen by another
person, we may request a copy of your photo ID as a condition of your continued
use of our service.
10.
California Online
Privacy Protection Act
Landrule complies fully with California’s online privacy
legislation.
We don’t disclose
your personal information unless it is for a purpose described in this Privacy
Policy or you have specifically opted in to do so.
If you have any questions about how we collect, use, or
disclose your information, please contact
legal@landrule
.com.
11.
Amendments
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Therefore, we encourage you to visit
our “Privacy Policy” page frequently to ensure that you are aware of the
current version in effect.
We may
also e-mail you to notify of changes, though we are not required to do so.
The fact that you were not notified by
e-mail of a change in the Privacy Policy will not affect the validity of that
change, so you should be sure to check the Privacy Policy each time you visit
our Site and App.
12.
International Privacy Issues
Our Site and App are intended to target U.S. based
users.
However, others may access
or download our App from other countries, or host the App on a Site that is
located in another country including the EU.
If you are from a country that prohibits the collection of
data please notify us immediate
ly.