We Respect Your Right to Privacy and Your Right to Control Your Personal Information
We want you to fully understand what information we collect from you and what we do with it. We also believe that you should have full control over your personal information. We do not disclose your information to anyone without your prior consent subject to the very narrow extent specified below. We do not sell your information. We never spam you.
What personal details do you need to know?
The minimum of information we ask for Birthday Alarm is your name, email address and date of birth. Your date of birth need not be accurate, depending on your preferences. You may update this information at any time by clicking on the
My Account
tab, followed by the
Account Settings
option. In order to become a premium member of Birthday Alarm, you will need to provide your credit card information, which transfers immediately over our PCI compliant credit card processor, Stripe, in encrypted form, and only the last 4 digits of your card number are stored by us. When you visit our website, our site analytics provider collects your IP address and browser (aggregated with our other users).
When is my information given out?
Your name, birthday (optionally including year of birth) and email address are made available to recipients of your cards who are or become members, and other members approved by you.
Does Birthday Alarm sell my information to third parties?
We do not sell or lend any of your personal information to third parties without your prior consent except under the narrow guidelines stated in this Policy (for example disclosure to service providers working for us).
What do you use my personal details for?
Security.
We will use your name so that we can personalize your experience with us. We will use your email address to contact you if needed and to securely confirm your identity.
Improving our Site.
We also collect your IP address and browser (aggregated with our other users). We use this information to improve our Site and better understand and serve our users.
Providing Information.
We may deliver information that is targeted to your interests, such as banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site, and sharing usage information among users who know one another (e.g. letting you know which of your contacts have Birthday Alarm accounts). By accepting the
Terms of Use
and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. You may make changes to your email notification preferences at any time.
Using Service Providers.
We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you (e.g., search technology, email support) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers who are obliged to keep your information confidential.
Non-Personal, Aggregated Information.
We disclose non-personally identifiable aggregated (gather up data across all member accounts) information to advertisers and other third parties. An example of non-personally identifiable information would be the number of members aged 20-30
Analytics.
We use the services of Google Analytics to analyze traffic to our site, based on IP addresses on an aggregated basis. We do not make any effort to match IP addresses with other personal information.
Law Enforcement.
Birthday Alarm cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the Birthday Alarm service. Therefore, in response to a genuine request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can disclose personal information about you.
Unintended Access.
Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Acquisition.
In event of a merger or acquisition, your personal information may be transferred to the acquiring entity, and become subject to the acquirer's data practices.
Will I be added to any mailing lists?
We do not sell, rent or lend email addresses for any other purpose than in direct association with your use of the Birthday Alarm service or as otherwise described in this privacy policy.
Do you send unsolicited emails?
Birthday Alarm will not send any unsolicited information, including email. You will, however receive emails which form an essential part of the service. You have the right to unsubscribe from our email services at any time by contacting us via the
Contact Us
page and asking to be deleted from our mailing lists.
What do you use cookies for?
Cookies are a standard internet technology, and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their members. Cookies allow us to store and retrieve login information on a user's system. They provide us with data that we can use to improve our service to you. If you so choose, you can save your login or password so you don't have to re-enter them each time you visit our Site.
Cookies themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Site if you do so. You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browser to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
How will I know if Birthday Alarm changes its Privacy Policy?
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective immediately after posting on the Site. You should periodically visit the Site to determine the Terms to which you are bound.
How do I cancel my membership?
You always have the option not to become a member or to cancel your membership at any time.
If you are a member and no longer wish to participate in Birthday Alarm you can sign in to the Site and click on the
My Profile
at the top of the page; then select
cancel membership
and follow the simple instructions.
This action will cancel your membership and delete your details from the system. You will be assured that, Birthday Alarm will not contact you directly at the email address we have on record for you, other than to respond to requests you may make to Birthday Alarm in the future.
How do I contact you?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us via the
Contact Us
page, or by writing to:
Birthday Alarm
245 5th Street
Box #107
San Francisco, CA 94103
Our toll-free telephone number for any questions regarding this Policy or the handling of your personal information is: 1-800-830-7745
What are my Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (effective 1/1/20)?
What is Personal Information
. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) defines your Personal Information broadly as information that “identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” Just a few examples include name address, IP address, email address, personal identification numbers, purchase records, biometric information, browsing and search history, geolocation data and much more.
Requests for Disclosure
. CCPA gives you the right to request disclosure from us regarding categories and particular pieces of Personal Information that are collected, sold, or disclosed about you; the categories of sources from which that information is collected; the business purpose for collecting the information; and the categories of third parties with which the information is disclosed. All of these disclosures are already made in this Privacy Policy.
Online Disclosure
. The CCPA requires us to disclose a description of the consumer’s rights under the CCPA and a list of categories of Personal Information collected, sold to a third party, or disclosed for business purposes, and update this disclosure at least annually. This Privacy Policy, which is updated at least annually, provides a detailed list of Personal Information collected and disclosed for business purposes. We do not collect any Personal Information that is sold to third parties.
How to Request a Copy of Your Personal Information
. Please make your request to
Contact Us
or call our toll-free number 1-800-830-7745.
How to Make Deletion Requests
. To have your Personal Information deleted from our systems, please make your request to
Contact Us
or call our toll-free number 1-800-830-7745. Certain information cannot be deleted if you intend to continue using the service, such as your name, your credit card on file, your email address, and your birth date.
Non-Discrimination
. We do not discriminate against any site users who exercise their rights under the CCPA or other data privacy laws.
What are my Rights Under the California Privacy Rights Act (effective 1/1/23)?
What does the CPRA add to the CCPA?
The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) expands the privacy protections in the CCPA. The CPRA covers personal information collected beginning January 1, 2022. The additional protections added by the CPRA include, but are not limited to, the following rights:
To know and have access to one’s personal information
To correct personal information
To limit use of sensitive personal information (including but not limited to, social security, driver’s license and passport numbers) so they are used only to perform the services, as reasonably expected by a consumer
To delete personal information
To opt-out
To receive equal service and price regardless of the exercise of rights
What additional obligations does CPRA impose on companies that collect personal information?
Data retention disclosure
Vendor and contractor supervision
Specific clauses required in contracts with vendors and contractors, such as prohibiting:
Selling and sharing personal information
Retaining, using or disclosing personal information for any reason other than the contract purposes or outside the business relationship
Combining personal information from the contract with other personal information
Audit and certification obligations
Data minimization
Companies must implement reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
How Long is Information Kept?
Birthday Alarm has a Record Retention Policy and Schedule (“Policy”) which calls for the deletion of routine business information on a periodic basis according to the type of record and the department that generates it. Our executives are responsible for periodic record deletion in accordance with the Policy. Some important legal documents are retained permanently as required by the Policy. Many records are deleted after one year.
How can I have my Personal Information Deleted from your Records or Corrected?
To delete your Personal Information from our records, or to request corrections to your Personal Information, please
Contact Us
or call our toll-free number 1-800-830-7745. Certain information cannot be deleted if you intend to continue using the service, such as your name, your credit card on file, your email address, and your birth date.
How can I get a copy of my Personal Information from you?
If you would like a copy of your Personal Information on file with us,
Contact Us
or call our toll-free number 1-800-830-7745.
What would you do in case of a data breach?
If Birthday Alarm experienced a data breach, we would take emergency measures to secure our systems, then promptly notify all users of Birthday Alarm that a data breach had occurred, providing all appropriate information to enable individuals to protect their privacy and any affected accounts, and providing contact information for questions. We would then remove further threats of breach to the best of our ability with the help of our professional and technical advisors. We would also notify all applicable law enforcement of the data breach and cooperate with any investigation.
Birthday Alarm DMCA Policy
At Birthday Alarm we respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect our users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA), we have adopted the following policy for handling copyright infringement claims. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied or used on our site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the steps outlined below to file a DMCA notice.
Filing a DMCA Notice (Takedown Request)
If you are a copyright owner (or authorized to act on behalf of one) and believe that material on birthdayalarm.com infringes your copyright, you can submit a notice of copyright infringement to us by providing the following information in writing:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed. If multiple copyrighted works are involved, please provide a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material that you claim is infringing or is the subject of infringing activity. You must provide sufficient information to help us locate the material, such as a specific URL or other identifying details.
Your contact information, including your full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address, so we can reach you regarding your complaint.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information you have provided in your notice is accurate that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner that has allegedly been infringed.
Your physical or electronic signature (typing your full legal name will suffice for electronic submissions).
You may send your DMCA notice to the following email address:
suzan@mxb.com
You may also send mail to the following address:
245 5th Street
Box #107
San Francisco, CA 94103
Upon receipt of your DMCA notice, we will take the necessary steps to investigate your claim and, if warranted, remove or disable access to the infringing material. We may also notify the user who uploaded the material about the complaint and provide them with the opportunity to file a counter-notification, as described below.
Filing a Counter-Notification
If you believe that material you uploaded to Birthday Alarm was mistakenly removed or disabled due to a DMCA notice, you may submit a counter-notification. The counter-notification must include the following information:
Identification of the material that was removed or disabled and the location where the material appeared before it was removed or disabled (e.g., a specific URL).
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification.
Your contact information, including your full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in your district (or in the district where your address is located, if outside the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original DMCA notice or their agent.
Your physical or electronic signature (typing your full legal name will suffice for electronic submissions).
You may send your counter-notification to the following email address:
suzan@mxb.com
You may also send mail to the following address:
245 5th Street
Box #107
San Francisco, CA 94103
If we receive a valid counter-notification, we may restore the material in question, unless the original complainant files a lawsuit against you within ten business days.
Repeat Infringers
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable laws, Birthday Alarm will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this DMCA Policy or the procedures described above, please contact us at:
suzan@mxb.com
File a Notice