Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: May 25, 2018
The Museum iOS app is a
Sktchy
product, and therefore Sktchy’s Privacy Policy applies to Museum.
Our privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use or access SKTCHY (collectively, "SKTCHY", "we", or "us"), including any SKTCHY mobile applications and websites (the "Services"), and any images, information, text, graphics, photos, or other materials uploaded, downloaded, or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as "Content").
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the revised privacy policy to our website (www.sktchy.com) a reasonable amount of time before the changes take effect. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you access our Services to stay informed about our practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide To Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, participate in any interactive features of our Services, fill out a form, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use The Service
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of our Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services
Device Information: We collect information about the computer you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, and operating system and version
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies (see "Cookies" section below)
Cookies
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
SKTCHY uses retargeting cookies to present you with SKTCHY advertising on other websites.
Facebook Custom Audiences: You can adjust your Facebook advertising settings from within your Facebook account and opt-out of advertisements from within the Facebook application.
Google Adwords: You can
adjust
the Google ads settings and
opt-out
of this program.
We use Google Analytics cookies to see how you use SKTCHY so we can improve in a variety of ways. We encourage you to read the
Google privacy policy
. If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
In order to provide you with access to the Services, or to provide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtained from other sources (for example, a third party whose application you have authorized) and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
Do Not Track
Our service does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means our third party analytics providers may associate your usage on Sktchy with your usage on other sites.
Use of Information
We use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide services you request;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about SKTCHY-related news and information;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services; and
Personalize and improve our Services.
By accessing and using our Services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in and to the United States and other countries.
Sharing of Information
Information Shared with third parties
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is data that includes a personal identifier like your name, email or address, or data that could reasonably be linked back to you. We will only share this data under the following circumstances:
With your permission; for example, if you win a prize in a giveaway that involves a SKTCHY partner, like an art-supply company, and that third-party needs your mailing address to send you the prize, we would ask for your permission to share your mailing address with the third-party
With companies that are contractually engaged in providing us with services, such as order fulfillment, email management, analyzing data trends, credit card processing and fraud detection and prevention. These companies may have access to personal information to perform their services and are obligated by contract to safeguard any PII they receive from us
To protect the security or integrity of SKTCHY, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of SKTCHY, its employees, users, or others, if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, valid legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants served on us). If we are going to release your data, we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance by email, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so
To enforce applicable user agreements or policies, including our Terms of Service; and to protect SKTCHY, our users, or the public from harm or illegal activities
In connection with the sale, merger, bankruptcy, sale of assets or reorganization of our company. We will notify you if a different company receives your PII. The promises in this privacy policy apply to any data transferred to a new entity
If we notify you through our Services (or in our privacy policy) that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies or other tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.
Information Shared With The Public
The following information is publicly accessible:
Your profile and any information you choose to add to your profile
The list of people you follow on SKTCHY
Any posts or comments you publish on SKTCHY
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us and we follow industry standards to protect it from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
To further protect your information we suggest using a strong and unique password for your SKTCHY account.
Your Preferences and Rights over Data
Choosing your Settings
To access and adjust your account Settings, go to your profile and tap the button that says "Settings" below your profile pic.
Exercising Your Data Rights
You can exercise rights over your data in the following ways:
Modifying or deleting the information in your account in Settings, as described in the “Choosing Your Settings” section above
Deleting your account
If you wish to delete your account, please
email us
Note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account; we may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a certain period of time
Unsubscribing from marketing emails
You can stop receiving marketing emails by tapping "Unsubscribe" or "Update Your Preferences" in the footer of those emails; while this removes your marketing emails, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account
Turning off mobile push notifications in Settings
Contact Us
If you have any privacy-related questions or comments, please
email us
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms