Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how Ring4 treats information that it collects and receives related to your use of Ring4, LLC's Ring4 products, services, and website. Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide and improve our products and services.
Information Ring4 Collects and Uses
Ring4 collects information when you use and access Ring4's products, services and website. The information collected includes Personal Information, App Data and Share Data (collectively, "Customer Information"). "Personal Information" is information about you that is personally identifiable, like your full name, address, email address, billing information, passwords, and home and business addresses. "App Data" is information about the nature of your usage of Ring4's website and products and services and non-personal demographic information. App Data can include: IP addresses, domain servers, referring/exit pages, operating system information, unique device identifier (UDID), date/time stamp, clickstream data, messages sent and received using Ring4 services, information about those messages, type of device, location information, user age and gender demographics, type of web browser, one or more cookies that identify your browser, and telecommunications carrier information. "Share Data" is data and information you provide for use with Ring4's products or services and which may be made available to third parties by your actions when using Ring4 products or services which constitute your consent for Ring4's use of Share Data as so directed by you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Ring4 uses Customer Information to enhance your use of the Ring4 services by processing such information for various purposes, including improving and providing Ring4's products and services, product notifications, delivering advertisements and related links, for sending, sharing and storing your Share Data as you direct through use of Ring4 products and services, and other purposes relating to offering you Ring4 products and services.
Ring4 does not rent, sell, or share any Customer Information unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances:
(i) Ring4 may engage a trusted third party to perform limited functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling newsletter subscriptions, sending requested postal mail and e-mail, SMS, MMS, and voice communications, analyzing and processing data (such as billing information), and providing customer service. We require that these parties agree to use such information in a confidential manner and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These third parties may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but we do not permit them to use it for other purposes.
(ii) Ring4 may share with third parties App Data and certain aggregated, non-personal information, but such information does not identify you individually.
(iii) Ring4 may share Customer Information to respond to legal requirements, when legally required to do so, and at the request of governmental authorities.
(iv) Ring4 may share Customer Information to verify or enforce compliance with user agreements and applicable laws, to protect against fraud, to detect and prevent security or technical issues, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Ring4 products, services, computing systems, or website, or to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Ring4, its subscribers or the public.
(v) Ring4 may share Customer Information with a successor entity or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate reorganization provided that use of Customer Information is in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
(vi) Ring4 may share your Customer Information with a third party if you have consented to receive information from that third party through Ring4 products or services. Such third parties will handle, store, retain and access such user information in accordance with the terms and conditions of their agreements with you, if any, as well as their own privacy policies. It is your responsibility to carefully review such agreements and privacy policies. You acknowledge that Ring4 shall have no liability to you for sharing of such information to such third parties and Ring4 disclaims any and all liability relating thereto. If Ring4 desires to use Personal Information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, we will offer you the opportunity to opt out of such use for those other purposes.
Cookies
When you visit Ring4, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser or use pixel tags (sometimes referred to as web beacons) to record pages visited. We use cookies and tags to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer. We may also include tags in promotional materials in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. You hereby expressly consent that Ring4 is entitled to place these cookies and tags for the above-mentioned services on your computer or device. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to utilize certain Ring4 products and services.
Security and Data Integrity
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Customer Information under our control. Customer Information we collect is stored in a secure manner that is accessible only by authorized Ring4 personnel, contractors, and agents bound by confidentiality obligations and is only disclosed under the provisions of this Privacy Policy. Our processing of personal information is only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Periodically, Ring4 undertakes a review of its privacy practices to ensure that that the information we collect is needed to provide or improve the services we provide.
Children's Personal Information
The Ring4 website complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Ring4 does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through the Ring4 website. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Ring4 website, Ring4 will not collect, store or use any Personal Information of such user. Further, in the event that Ring4 receives Personal Information that Ring4 discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, Ring4 will promptly delete such Personal Information in a secure manner.
Links to Third Party Sites
As a convenience to you, we may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from within our website or our products or services. Ring4 is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Access/Removal of Your Personal Information
If you want us to remove your Personal Information from our database, or would like to access the Personal Information that was collected from you, you can contact us using the contact information provided below. Certain of our products and services require the use of App Data and such data is retained by Ring4 and used as described in this Privacy Policy.
Modifications of Privacy Policy
Ring4 reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such change, update or modification on the Ring4 website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon notice, which Ring4 may provide by any means, including, without limitation, posting on the Ring4 website, notifications within Ring4 applications, or electronic mail. Your continued use of the Ring4 website and/or any Ring4 products and services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes. Use of information that we gather is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at
support@ring4.com
or write to us at Ring4, LLC.
1624 Market St Ste 226
PMB 38591
Denver, Colorado 80202-1559 US
. If we receive formal privacy-related complaints, it is our policy to use reasonable efforts to communicate with the complaining party about its concerns to resolve privacy complaints.
Dispute Resolution
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor Frameworks, you must first contact us (as provided above). If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, Ring4 will cooperate with JAMS pursuant to the JAMS International Mediation Rules. The dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English.
Last updated June 2, 2021
©
2025
Ring4, LLC.