Terms of Service
This Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you ("you", "your") and Techbox Solution Pte Ltd. ("MobiPOS", "we", "our" or "us") governing your use of MobiPOS mobile applications, websites, and other products and services (together, the "Services"). 
        By using our product, you are accepting and agreeing to all of the terms of this Agreement.
We reserve the right to update and change the agreement without notice.
Account Terms
You are responsible for safeguarding your password and information of the service, MobiPOS is unable and will not be liable for any loss or damage due to security breaches.
We reserve the right to suspend any MobiPOS CloudSync account if there is no activity your account for 60 days.
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend any MobiPOS CloudSync account if we found out that information provided is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete.
Software
The Services include software applications and web-based applications. You are responsible to upgrade all software updates to continue to use the Services.
Payment & Refund
The Service offer 14 days free trial. In order to continue using the Services after 14 days, you are required to pay a fee.
Your account will be suspended and not accessible if payment is not made.
All fees are non-refundable. All fees are exclusive of all taxes. You're responsible for all applicable taxes.
Pricing
We reserve the right to change the pricing without any prior notice. All paid Services will not be affected until the next billing cycle.
Services
From time to time, MobiPOS will upgrade and make modification to the Services. 
MobiPOS reserve the right to modify or discontinue part of the Services without getting your consent.
Termination
You're free to terminate or stop using our Services at any time.
We reserve the right to terminate your account and delete all your information if you haven't accessed  our Services for 60 days. We will provide you with a notice via email address provided 7 days before doing so.
We reserve the right to terminate the Services at anytime.
Security
MobiPOS utilises necessary organizational procedures and technical measures to protect your data from accidental loss, malicious acquisition, use, alteration or access. However, MobiPOS is unable to guarantee unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat measures taken to obtain your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information and data at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability
You agree that MobiPOS is not responsible for any monetary losses or damage that you suffer while using the Services.
Copyright and Trademark Infringement
MobiPOS respect the copyright and trademarks rights of others and asks you to do the same. 
MobiPOS responds to all valid notices of such copyright and trademark infringement by suspend or terminate the access of those who infringe the copyrights and trademarks of others.