Contents
Why are we doing this and how can you participate?
What personal data will the BBC collect?
Personal data
How will the BBC use my data?
Who is the Data Controller?
Lawful basis for processing your personal data
Sharing your personal data
Retaining your personal data
Your rights and more information
Updating this privacy notice
Updated: 22 August 2024
Your trust is very important to us. This means the BBC is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data. It is important that you read this notice so that you are aware of how and why we are using such personal data. This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal data about you during and after your relationship with us, in accordance with data protection law.
Why are we doing this and how can you participate?
The BBC Sports App provides you with a personalised sports experience.
To use the BBC Sports App, you will need to sign in to your BBC account.
Information about how your data is processed when you use your BBC account can be found on
Using the BBC
.
What personal data will the BBC collect?
The BBC will collect and process the personal data that you have provided to us about yourself and data in relation to your use of the BBC Sports App.
Personal data
Email address
Account or User ID
IP address
Location
Device ID
User activity (such as what content you interact with and consume, and how you use the app.)
Post code
Gender (if provided)
In addition, we will process data relating to your device accessing the app and technical data about the performance of the app.
How will the BBC use my data?
We use the personal data above as well as your BBC account data to:
Provide you with access to the BBC Sports App
Send push notifications if you have opted in to receiving these
To recommend content and provide a personalised BBC Sports App experience if you have personalisation turned on.
Measure audience behaviour, how you interact with the app and measure our reach to improve the BBC Sports App services and the overall user experience making sure we are making something for everyone.
Understand, diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues relating to the BBC Sports App.
Who is the Data Controller?
The BBC is the “Data Controller” of your personal data. This means that the BBC decides what your personal data is used for, and the ways in which it is processed. For the avoidance of doubt, your personal data will be collected and processed solely for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. As the Data Controller, the BBC has the responsibility to comply, and to demonstrate compliance with, data protection law.
Lawful basis for processing your personal data
The lawful basis on which the BBC processes the personal data is
the performance of its public task
. The BBC’s role is to act in the public interest and to serve all audiences with content which informs, educates, and entertains.
This is consistent with the BBC’s wider public purposes under its Royal Charter, which states that the BBC must “
…show the most creative, highest quality and distinctive output and services: the BBC should provide high-quality output in many different genres and across a range of services and platforms which sets the standard in the United Kingdom and internationally.”
Sharing your personal data
The BBC works with our approved third-party providers who help us to provide some of our services. These partners only use your personal data on behalf of the BBC and not independently of the BBC. We use third parties for technical infrastructure and support, analytics purposes, push notifications, the recommendation service and for marketing communications.
You can opt out from our data processors tracking by filling out the
'Forget My Device' form
.
We may share personal data with a third party where required or permitted by law.
Retaining your personal data
Your personal data on the BBC Sports App in retained for as long as you have the app and a connected BBC account. You can delete your account at any time.
Your activity data collected whilst using the app will be kept and deleted in accordance with the BBC's Corporate Retention Schedule.
Your data will be stored within the UK, the EEA, and the USA.
Your rights and more information
You have
rights
under data protection law:
You can
request
a
copy
of the personal data the BBC stores about you.
You have the right to request that we
rectify
any inaccurate or incomplete personal data that we hold about you.
You have the right to ask for the personal data we collect about you to be
deleted
, however there are limitations and exceptions to this right which may entitle the BBC to refuse your request.
In certain circumstances you have the right to
restrict
the processing of your personal data, or to
object
to the processing of your personal data.
You have the right to ask that we
transfer
the personal data to you or to another organisation, in certain circumstances.
You can contact our,
Data Protection Officer
if you have questions or wish to find out more details about your rights, please visit the
BBC’s Privacy and Cookies Policy
.
If you have a concern about the way the BBC has handled your personal data, you can raise your concern with the supervisory authority in the UK, the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
.
Updating this privacy notice
We will revise the privacy notice if there are significant changes to how we use your personal data.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy:
We've updated our Privacy and Cookies Policy
We've made some important changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy and we want you to know what this means for you and your data.
OK
Find out what's changed
Cookies on the BBC website
We use cookies
to give you the best online experience.  Strictly necessary cookies are
on
by default.  Additional cookies are
off
by default.
Accept additional cookies
Reject additional cookies
Let me choose
JavaScript has been disabled.
This page needs JavaScript to work correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser
				settings.
JavaScript is required for the following feature(s):
opening and closing the navbar (on mobile)
Keeping your info safe and sound
We take your privacy very seriously. And so should you.
So have a look around to see what we’re doing with your personal information and how we’re keeping it secure.
Read our privacy promise.
Personal Information
What are you doing with my information?
Do you share my information with other organisations?
Sharing information with other sites
How long will you keep my information?
What are my rights?
Losing a loved one
Privacy and Your Activity
The BBC privacy promise
How do you collect information about me?
Who else can see how I've been using the BBC?
How do apps, devices and TVs capture my data?
Privacy notices
Children and Safety
How can I keep my child safe online?
View the BBC Children's Privacy Policy
View the full version of the BBC Privacy and Cookies Policy
Change language:
Cymraeg
Gàidhlig
iPages Dev tools
Page built:
Tue Dec 10 2024 14:16:24 GMT
Site ID:
ipages-using-the-bbc
Built from:
master @ d309a16
Rebuild Page
The page will automatically reload. You may need to reload again if the build takes longer than expected.
Rebuild page
Useful links
View in iSite
View page XML
View JSON cache
View in iPages Dashboard
Demo mode
Hides preview environment warning banner on preview pages.
On
Off
Theme toggler
Select a theme and theme mode and click "Load theme" to load in your theme combination.
Theme:
Blue
Green
Internal
Pink
Purple
Red
Studios
Teal
Wales
Neutral
Theme Mode:
Dark
Default
Light
Load theme
Reset