Tab Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 14, 2017
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Tab (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by bring10, LLC. The Application is a bill-splitting tool that uses optical character recognition (“OCR”) to parse a photograph of a printed receipt into a list of selectable items, enables the division of the total amount owed among multiple people and facilitates payments among the participants to settle the bill.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information:
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and use the Application, including, but not limited to, photographs taken using the Application’s camera feature or imported from the device, the contents of receipts entered or parsed via OCR, names entered, receipt items selected and payments made.
Automatically Collected Information:
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
For the purpose of parsing receipt photographs into text, we send the receipt images you take with the Application to an OCR services provider. We send only the image file itself with no additional information. However, anything visible in the photo or any metadata in the image file will be visible to our OCR services provider and is subject to their privacy policy.
For the purpose of facilitating payments among users of the Application, we send the information required to complete these transactions to supported payment services providers. You may be required to sign in to the payment services you decide to use in order to authenticate the Application, and any information sent to payment services providers in the course of authentication or payment transactions is subject to their privacy policies.
With the exception of receipt images, as described above, only aggregated, anonymized data may be transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If bring10, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application, using the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data and Automatically Collected information for as long as you use the Application and we reserve the right to retain it indefinitely thereafter. To request that your data be permanently deleted, please contact us via email at
info@tabapp.co
.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
info@tabapp.co
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are committed to safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. To request a copy of a prior version of this policy, please contact us via email at
info@tabapp.co
.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing” means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
info@tabapp.co
.
© 2020 bring10, LLC