About us
Team
Career
Press
Blog
Privacy Policy
for the mobile app Spotted and the website www.spotted.de as offers of dua
                    AG.
Status: February 2023
This agreement was written in German (
/datenschutz
). To the
                    extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the German version, the
                    German version controls.
Introduction
dua AG, Leutschenbachstrasse 95, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland, (hereinafter: "dua AG" or "we/us"), as the
                    data controller, operates a platform for chatting, getting to know and meeting other people
                    (hereinafter: "Spotted") under the domain "www.spotted.de" and associated sub-pages (hereinafter:
                    "Spotted domain") and with the help of the mobile app Spotted (hereinafter: "Spotted app") available
                    for download for various operating systems
The service offered is a freemium model, whereby the user of Spotted (hereinafter: "User" or "You")
                    can create a profile (hereinafter: "User Profile") free of charge via the Spotted app, upload
                    pictures and exchange information with other users and their User Profiles if interested. The User
                    has the option to take advantage of features such as the chat, encounter stream and many other
                    features of Spotted. Spotted also offers a paid premium service that allows users to access
                    additional, exclusive features.
The offer of Spotted also serves a real get-to-know-you in one's own area, it belongs to the
                    so-called dating services. Registration is possible from the age of 18.
This privacy policy explains how personal data is handled. Personal data is individual information
                    about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. This includes,
                    for example, name, birthday, telephone number, but also e-mail address and usage data, such as the
                    IP address. Furthermore, the privacy policy serves to provide information about which data is
                    collected, stored and processed and how dua AG ensures the protection and security of personal data.
                    .
dua AG does not require users to use their real names. The user can also enter a pseudonym instead
                    of a name.
This Privacy Policy is structured as follows:
1. How is my data collected, processed and used when I download the Spotted app?
1.1. Download the Spotted app
1.2. Installation and permissions
2. How my data is collected, processed and used when visiting the Spotted domain or the Spotted
                        app without creating a user profile at Spotted?
3. How is my data collected, processed and used after creating a user profile and when using the
                        Spotted app or Spotted domain offer?
3.1 Mandatory data when creating the user profile
3.2 Voluntary data
3.3 Location data
3.4 IP addresses
3.4 Payment data
4. How is my data used by Spotted for advertising purposes?
4.1. What data is used for advertising purposes and who receives the data?
4.2. What is the Advertiser ID and how is it used?
4.3. Use of location data
5. What cookies, tracking providers, analytics services does Spotted use? How are social media and
                        like buttons integrated?
5.1 Cookies and cookie policy
5.2 Tracking providers, analysis services
5.3 Social Media Shortcuts
5.4 Integration of like/share buttons, social plugins
5.5 Facebook Connect
6. How data is disclosed or passed on?
6.1 General information on the disclosure of personal data
6.2 Categories of data recipients
7. How is data processed and used for anti-spam purposes?
8. What's the process of deleting data and creating backups?
9. What data security measures are in place at Spotted?
10. User rights: consent and revocation, information, correction, deletion, transfer
10.1 Consent and revocation
10.2 Information, correction, deletion, transfer
11. Modification of the privacy policy
12. Contact person for data protection
1. How will my data be collected, processed and used when I download the Spotted app?
1.1. Downloading the Spotted App
When downloading the Spotted app, the necessary information is transferred to the respective app
                    store operator. Depending on the app store, this is, for example, the email address or the customer
                    number of the app store user of the respective app store, the time of the download and an individual
                    device identification number. However, dua AG has no influence on this data collection and is not
                    responsible for it. The corresponding data protection declarations/ settings of the respective app
                    store operator apply.
dua AG processes the data provided by the respective app store operator as far as this is necessary
                    for downloading the Spotted App to the end device.
1.2. Installation and Authorizations
For the technical functionality of the Spotted App and for the provision of the services offered with
                    the Spotted App, Spotted requires various access options and information.
Depending on the operating system, permission to access individual functions and information is
                    already requested during the installation process. The access permissions include, among others,
                    location, notifications, and mobile data.
Under the settings of the end device, these permissions can be partially revoked manually. However,
                    it should be noted that the Spotted app can only be used to a limited extent or not at all without
                    the corresponding permissions. Depending on the app version, permissions are requested before or
                    after installation.
2. How is my data collected, processed and used when visiting the Spotted domain or the Spotted
                        app without creating a user profile with Spotted?
dua AG uses the personal data that the user provides or that is collected when using Spotted without
                    creating a user profile without separate consent solely for the purpose of implementing the user
                    relationship and as described in this Privacy Policy.
When merely visiting the Spotted domain (on a so-called landing page/start page) or installing the
                    Spotted app without creating a user profile, dua AG collects the following data transmitted by the
                    user's terminal device or browser:
IP address
Name of the web page visited, file, date and time of the request
Amount of Data Transferred
Browser Type and Version
Referrer URL (origin URL) from which the user came to the retrieved page
Requesting Provider
As well as, in addition, during the mere installation of the Spotted app without registration or
                    creation of a user profile, the following data transmitted by the user's terminal device used:
Push Handle (for sending push messages)
Location data (GPS Location)
Country Code
Language
Device Name
Name of the operating system and version.
This data is required for the use of the Spotted domain or installation of the Spotted app as such,
                    or is used for evaluation for statistical purposes to optimize Spotted. The data is processed and
                    used to prevent and combat fake profiles, illegal activities and spam, as well as to ensure the
                    integrity and stability of the Spotted platform.
The location data is collected, processed and used so that the user can use the so-called
                    location-based service, with which he is offered suggestions tailored to the respective location
                    from registration. For more details on the use of location data, see also points 3.3 and 4.3.
                    Furthermore, Spotted uses cookies (see point 5.1), analysis services and tracking providers (see
                    point 5.2).
3. How is my data collected, processed and used after creating a user profile and when using the
                        Spotted app or Spotted domain?
dua AG uses the personal data that the User provides or that is collected during the use of Spotted
                    after a User profile has been created, without separate consent, solely for the purpose of
                    implementing the user relationship and as described accordingly in this Privacy Policy. In order to
                    use Spotted to its full extent, it is necessary for the user to create a user profile. For this
                    purpose, the user must provide additional personal data, which dua AG uses to provide the respective
                    service.
The user can also voluntarily register with his Spotted user profile for other services of dua AG. In
                    this case, the profile data such as name, gender, age and contact data are processed in the dua apps
                    used in this way. However, even in these cases, dua AG remains the data controller as the operator
                    of Spotted, as described above. Further information on how dua AG processes personal data can also
                    be found at dua AG Privacy Policy.
3.1 Mandatory information when creating the user profile
When creating the user profile and registering, the following information must be provided:
E-mail address
Password
Username (pseudonym)
City
Date of birth
Gender
Profile picture
The data provided is collected, processed and used for the purpose of using Spotted. Among other
                    things, the information is used for addressing, authentication, age verification, personalization of
                    the profile, display of other matching user profiles as well as for advertising purposes (see also
                    point 4).
3.2 Voluntary data
The user can provide a variety of voluntary information in his user profile. This serves in
                    particular the function of Spotted to select recommendations for other user profiles according to
                    different criteria for the user and to display them within Spotted. Additional information increases
                    the probability of coming into contact with suitable user profiles. This information is voluntary
                    for the user and can be viewed in the profile under Details or entered, changed or deleted.
The data provided is collected, processed and used by us for the purpose of using Spotted. In
                    addition, this data may also be processed and used for advertising purposes (see details on
                    advertising under point 4).
This voluntary information is visible to other logged-in users within Spotted as "public", but can be
                    deleted or modified by the user profile owner at any time under the settings within the user
                    profile.
3.3 Location Data
The services offered by Spotted also include so-called location-based services, with which the user
                    is presented with special offers that are tailored to the respective location. In this way, the User
                    can in particular be shown other Users who are in his or her vicinity. In order to be able to offer
                    these functions within the Spotted app, Spotted collects location data by means of GPS of the end
                    device used as well as location data via nearby radio access nodes. If location collection is
                    active, the location is regularly transmitted to dua AG upon permission and processed and used
                    there.
The user can adjust this function in the settings of the operating system on his terminal device at
                    any time, i.e. allow the collection of location data or revoke its use.
The location data can also be processed and used for advertising purposes (see details on advertising
                    under point 4).
3.4 IP Addresses
The IP addresses of users are recorded for security and testing purposes. This is to prevent misuse
                    of the service. The data is processed and used to prevent and combat fake profiles, illegal
                    activities and spam, as well as to ensure the integrity and stability of the Spotted platform.
3.4 Payment Data
If the User makes in-app purchases via Spotted, buys "credits" or books our paid premium service,
                    this is done via external payment providers. No payment data is collected and processed by dua AG
                    when a purchase is made. The payment data is entered and processed directly by the payment
                    providers. Technical data (including the transaction ID) is exchanged between dua AG and the payment
                    providers to validate the purchases.
4. How is my data used by Spotted for advertising purposes?
Spotted-GmbH has opted for a freemium model for Spotted, i.e. a basic version of Spotted can be used
                    by any user without paying a fee. However, advertising is displayed to the user in the free version.
                    The advertising played on Spotted contains the user's own advertising content (e.g., about Spotted's
                    premium products) or is commissioned by the advertiser in so-called campaigns. Campaigns can also be
                    personalized and thus displayed specifically only to certain user groups (example: hair care
                    advertising only for female or male users, etc.). In some cases, the advertising displayed on
                    Spotted is done through the intermediation of external service providers.
Even if the use of data for advertising purposes is in the legitimate interest of dua AG, a
                    corresponding consent is obtained in the product before the data is used for advertising
                    purposes.
4.1. What data is used for advertising purposes and who receives data
dua AG may place advertisements from third parties on Spotted, which may also be tailored to the
                    presumed special interests of the User (personalized advertising), if the User has given his or her
                    consent to this on Spotted. The user can revoke this consent given on Spotted with effect for the
                    future at any time under the profile settings under "Privacy/Tools".
When placing such personalized advertising, the respective third-party provider for whom advertising
                    is to be placed on Spotted or by means of whose services advertising is placed by other third
                    parties will receive the following data (hereinafter: the "Transmission Data"):
Advertiser ID
Profile data
Location-based data
Technical data about the end device
Data about the use of Spotted
Data on the advertisements placed
The transmission data is passed on to the following categories of recipients for the purposes
                    listed:
Operators of Ad Server Services
Operators of Tracking Services
Affiliate Networks
Operators of Customer Relationship Services
E-mail Providers
Other Sales & Marketing Partners
When using Spotted, consent is obtained from the user in the product that he or she agrees to his or
                    her data being used for the purpose of transferring it to third-party providers for the display of
                    personalized advertising within the Spotted app or Spotted domain. The user can revoke this consent
                    at any time in the profile settings under " Privacy/Tools " with effect for the future.
Furthermore, when using Spotted in the product, consent is obtained from the user that he/she agrees
                    to his/her transmission data being used for the purpose of transmission to third-party providers for
                    the display of personalized advertising on advertising spaces outside of Spotted.
The user can revoke this consent at any time in the profile settings under "Privacy/Tools" with
                    effect for the future
4.2. What is the Advertiser ID and how is it used?
For tracking and advertising purposes, the Spotted app uses the so-called Advertiser ID, i.e. the
                    so-called "Advertiser Identifier" (IDFA) of the offers of Apple Inc. and the "Android Advertiser ID"
                    (Advertiser ID) of the offers of Google. Inc. (hereinafter each the: "Advertiser ID(s)"). These
                    Advertiser IDs are unique but non-permanent identification numbers for a specific end device,
                    provided respectively by iOS as the Apple Inc. offering and by Android as the Google Inc. offering.
                    In contrast to the Vendor-Advertiser-ID (this is generated by new operating systems and is only
                    identical for the apps of a vendor), the Advertiser-ID provided is also identical to the
                    Advertiser-ID that is transferred to apps of other companies when they are used.
The advertiser ID is used with the corresponding consent of the user to display personalized
                    advertising within online offers and to evaluate this advertising. If the user activates the option
                    "no ad tracking" on an Apple end device under "Privacy" - "Advertising" in the iOS settings or on an
                    end device with an Android system under "Google settings" (or also "Settings" and therein "Google"),
                    then clicks on "Ads" and the button at "Disable interest-based ads", dua AG can only take the
                    following measures: Measurement of interaction with banners by counting the number of times a banner
                    is displayed without being clicked on ("frequency capping"), click-through rate, detection of unique
                    usage ("unique user") as well as security measures, fraud prevention and error correction.
The advertiser ID is also used by dua AG for tracking purposes. For example, a user who registers on
                    Spotted after clicking on an advertisement for Spotted on another domain or app is also identified
                    by the advertiser ID. The advertiser receives a fee for this user tracked in this way after
                    registration is completed.
The user can delete the IDFA or advertiser ID in the device settings at any time ("Reset Ad ID"), and
                    a new IDFA or advertiser ID will then be created.
When using Spotted, consent is obtained from the user in the product that the user agrees to the
                    Advertiser ID being used by dua AG for the purpose of displaying personalized advertising within the
                    Spotted app or Spotted domain. The user can revoke this consent at any time by objecting to the
                    display of personalized advertising in the profile settings under the item "Privacy/Tools".
More information and the privacy policy of Apple Inc. can be found here:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
More information as well as the privacy policy of Google Inc. can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies / privacy /
4.3. Use of Location Data
In addition to the collection of location data via GPS location (see Section 3.3) to fulfill the
                    Location Based Service, Spotted also collects and uses location data in order to be able to suggest
                    to the User, on the basis of the data thus obtained, advertising offers within Spotted that are
                    suitable for him/her in terms of location and subject matter.
When using Spotted, consent is obtained from the user in the product that the user agrees to their
                    location-based data being used for the purpose of transmitting it to third-party providers for the
                    display of personalized advertising within the Spotted app or Spotted domain. The user can revoke
                    this consent at any time in the profile settings under "Privacy/Tools" with effect for the
                    future.
5. What cookies, tracking providers, analytics services does Spotted use? How are social media and
                        like buttons integrated?
5.1 Cookies and Cookie Policy
In order to use the Spotted domain as comfortably as possible, we use cookies on the Spotted domain.
                    Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the Internet browser (so-called
                    session cookies) or on the hard drive of the mobile device or computer used (so-called permanent
                    cookies). The browser settings can be selected in such a way that cookies are rejected or that
                    reference is made to them before they are set. By setting cookies, users are assigned pseudonymous
                    IDs. Cookies do not execute programs on the user's terminal device or even transmit viruses. Session
                    cookies are deleted from the cache at the end of the browser session.
dua AG also uses cookies to increase the security of the Spotted Domain. For example, to authenticate
                    the user during a session, to prevent cross-site scripting or to prevent phishing and fraudulent
                    activities such as scamming.
Furthermore, tracking providers/analysis services (see also the explanations under point 5.2 Use of
                    tracking providers/analysis services) set cookies on the user's terminal device on behalf of dua AG
                    in order to record usage data. This is data that can be collected while the user is browsing the
                    pages of the Spotted domain or clicking on advertisements, for example. These cookies are used to
                    display targeted advertisements, to optimize reports on advertising campaigns and to prevent
                    identical advertisements from being displayed more than once.
Users can influence the use of cookies. Most browsers have a settings option that limits or
                    completely prevents the storage of cookies. However, we would like to point out that the use and in
                    particular the user comfort of Spotted may be limited without the use of cookies.
5.2 Tracking Providers, Analysis Services
In order to optimize Spotted services and offer them in the best possible way, Spotted performs
                    analyses of visitor behavior. For this purpose, dua AG uses analysis procedures with which visits to
                    the Spotted domain or Spotted app can be analyzed. Furthermore, third-party tracking tools are used
                    to analyze the reach of various advertising campaigns and marketing activities. When using
                    third-party tools, personal data may also be transmitted.
The purpose of the data processing is, in addition to troubleshooting, primarily the optimization of
                    Spotted with regard to the needs of the users. dua AG also receives key figures about the number of
                    visitors and their distribution over time, about popular content and the length of time users spend
                    on the site via the web analysis procedure. If necessary, it can be determined whether a user
                    profile was created as a result of an advertising measure. The data is processed and used to prevent
                    and combat fake profiles, illegal activities and spam, as well as to ensure the security of the
                    Spotted platform. To perform the analysis, user data is transmitted to various third-party
                    providers.
The following analytics and tracking providers are currently used by Spotted:
Crashlytics (Fabric)
The Spotted app uses the analysis tool "Crashlytics" (Fabric) of the company Crashlytics, 1 Kendall
                    Square, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA (hereinafter: "Crashlytics"). This analysis program uses IP
                    addresses of the users for analysis purposes, which are, however, only used anonymously. It is not
                    possible to draw conclusions about a specific person. Crashlytics provides dua AG with real-time
                    evaluations of system crashes and thus facilitates the maintenance and improvement of the Spotted
                    app. A user ID, clicks and technical device data are transmitted to analyze the error.
For more information on Crashlytics' privacy policy, please see their privacy policy:
http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
Google Analytics
Spotted uses "Google Analytics", a service provided by Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway,
                    Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter: "Google"). dua AG points out that when using Spotted
                    Google Analytics has been extended by the IP masking function
"_ gat._anonymizeIp"
to
                    ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses
The following information on the use of Google Analytics should be noted:
Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on the device and that enable an analysis of the use of
                    Spotted. The information generated by the cookie about your use of Spotted is usually transmitted to
                    and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, by activating IP anonymization,
                    Google's IP address will be truncated beforehand within member states of the European Union or in
                    other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. On behalf of dua AG, Google
                    will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our service, compiling reports
                    on our activities and providing other services relating to website activity to the operator.
The user has the option to object to this:
The collection and storage of data by Google Analytics can be objected to at any time with effect for
                    the future. For this purpose, the User has the option of installing a browser plug-in issued by
                    Google. This is available for various browser versions and can be downloaded at
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
For more information about Google's use of
                    data for advertising purposes, settings and opt-out options, please visit the Google websites:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners
("Data use by Google when you use
                    our partners' websites or apps"),
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
("Data use for advertising purposes"),
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
("Manage the information Google uses to show you ads")
                    and
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
("Determine what ads Google shows you").
Flurry Analytics
Spotted uses the web analytics service Flurry Analytics, a program of Flurry Inc, 360 3rd St Suite
                    750, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Flurry Analytics is a tool for anonymized analysis of usage
                    behavior in apps. The information thus obtained enables the app to be better adapted to the demands
                    and wishes of users. .
Flurry uses cookies. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the app is usually
                    transmitted to a server of Flurry Inc. in the USA and stored there. The following technical data,
                    among others, is collected via Flurry: Device type, operating system and version number, provider
                    name, timestamp, app version, usage time and language setting, country code, error reports. Data
                    related to the individual end device (MAC address, IMEI number, device identifier) is deleted
                    directly after collection and replaced by Flurry with a specific code.
The information collected via Flurry is provided to Verlagsgruppe Random House in aggregated form,
                    such as the number of app users in a given period. Personal data is not evaluated.
                    Information on Flurry's compliance with data protection can be found on the Flurry website:
https://privacy.oath.com
(there in the section relating to "Flurry Analytics").
5.3 Social Media Links
The Spotted domain may contain links to dua AG's accounts on the social networks Instagram, YouTube,
                    Pinterest, Twitter, Facebook and Google+. After clicking on the embedded graphic, the user is
                    redirected to the page of the respective provider of Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Twitter,
                    Facebook or Google+, i.e. only then is user information transmitted to the respective provider.
If the user is logged into his user profile in the corresponding social network, an association with
                    the visit to Spotted takes place after activation of the button.
If the user does not want the social networks to collect data about the Spotted domain, he should log
                    out of these accordingly before visiting the Spotted domain. However, when the corresponding button
                    is activated by click, cookie(s) with an identifier are nevertheless set each time Spotted is called
                    up. Therefore, data may be collected via this function and a profile may be created that can be
                    traced back to an individual person under certain circumstances. If the user does not wish this to
                    happen, he or she can deactivate the corresponding link within the Spotted domain by clicking on it.
                    The user can also set his browser to generally exclude the acceptance of cookies; however, we would
                    like to point out that in this case the functionality of Spotted may be limited.
Information on the handling of personal data when using these websites can be found in the respective
                    privacy policies of the providers.
Facebook
The Facebook Privacy Policy (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA
                    94304, USA) can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
Twitter
Twitter's Privacy Policy (operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Flom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA
                    94107, USA) can be found at
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Instagram
Instagram Privacy Policy (powered by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304,
                    USA) can be found at
https://www.instagram.com
or
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
.
Google+ / YouTube
Google / YouTube Privacy Policy (each operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway,
                    Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) can be found at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
.
Pinterest
Pinterest's Privacy Policy (operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA
                    94103, USA) can be found at
https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
.
5.4 Integration of like/share buttons, social plugins
Furthermore, social plugins of the social networks Facebook (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S.
                    California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA) are initially inactively integrated on the Spotted
                    domain.
By clicking on "Like us on Facebook, the respective social plugin is activated by Facebook and only
                    then is any user information transmitted to the Facebook provider. With a further click, the user
                    can then like or follow the dua AG account and will be informed by the service about activities of
                    the dua AG account on Facebook. dua AG has no influence on the collection, processing and use of
                    data of the respective networks..
If the user does not wish the social networks to collect data about the Spotted domain, he or she
                    should log out of these accordingly before visiting the Spotted domain. However, when the
                    corresponding button is activated by click, cookie(s) with an identifier are nevertheless set each
                    time Spotted is called up. Therefore, data may be collected via this function and a profile may be
                    created that can be traced back to an individual person under certain circumstances. If the user
                    does not wish this to happen, he or she can deactivate the corresponding link within the Spotted
                    domain by clicking on it. The user can also set their browser to generally exclude the acceptance of
                    cookies; however, we would like to point out that in this case the functionality of Spotted may be
                    limited.
Facebook
The Spotted Domain uses the social plugin for the social network at facebook.com from Facebook Inc,
                    1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
                    Facebook's privacy policy can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
5.5 Facebook Connect
dua AG offers the User the opportunity to register for Spotted with Facebook Connect. To register,
                    the User is redirected to the Facebook site (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo
                    Alto, CA 94304, USA), where he or she logs in with his or her user data, unless he or she is already
                    logged in. By means of a click by the user, the respective Facebook profile and the user profile at
                    Spotted are then linked with each other. Through the link, dua AG automatically receives the User's
                    data from Facebook in the form of the e-mail address and other data within the User's public
                    Facebook profile. The public Facebook profile contains data that the User has made available to the
                    public on Facebook. Typically, the public Facebook profile includes the following data: Name,
                    profile picture, gender, language, country, age range, Facebook ID, friends, likes and relationship
                    status.
Of this data transmitted by Facebook, dua AG uses the email address, Facebook ID, profile picture,
                    Likes, locations and birthday. This information is used for the user profile. Further information on
                    Facebook Connect and privacy settings can be found in Facebook's privacy policy and terms of use
                    at
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
5.6 Use of Social Media: Videos
Use of Youtube videos
This website uses the Youtube embedding function to display and play videos from the provider
                    "Youtube", which belongs to Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
                    ("Google"). Here, the extended data protection mode is used, which, according to the provider, only
                    triggers the storage of user information when the video(s) is/are played. If the playback of
                    embedded Youtube videos is started, the provider "Youtube" uses cookies to collect information about
                    user behavior. According to information from "Youtube", these are used, among other things, to
                    collect video statistics, to improve user-friendliness and to prevent abusive behavior. If you are
                    logged in to Google, your data is directly assigned to your account when you click on a video. If
                    you do not want the assignment with your profile at YouTube, you must log out before activating the
                    button. Google stores your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and
                    evaluates them. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1
                    lit.f DSGVO on the basis of Google's legitimate interests in the insertion of personalized
                    advertising, market research and/or needs-based design of its website. You have the right to object
                    to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
                    Independently of a playback of the embedded videos, a connection to the Google network "DoubleClick"
                    is established each time this website is called up, which may trigger further data processing
                    operations without our influence. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the us-European
                    data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the level of data
                    protection applicable in the EU. Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in
                    the provider's privacy policy at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
6. How data is disclosed or passed on
dua AG does not pass on personal data of users to third parties, unless the user has given his or her
                    consent, the transfer is required by law or permitted by law.
6.1 General information on the transfer of personal data
User data and other data
Spotted may disclose customer data to the following third parties for the purpose of executing the
                    contract:
External service providers and agents. Spotted may engage external companies or individuals to
                        process Customer Data.
Affiliated Companies. Spotted may engage affiliated companies to process Customer Data.
                        Other Disclosures.
Spotted may share or disclose Customer Data as follows:
In connection with changes in business structure. In connection with mergers, acquisitions,
                        bankruptcy proceedings, dissolution proceedings, restructuring actions, dispositions of some or
                        all of Spotted's assets, financings, acquisitions of some or all of our business, similar
                        transactions or proceedings, or steps taken in contemplation of such activities (e.g., due
                        diligence)
To the extent required by law. To comply with legal or regulatory requirements and in response
                        to lawful requests, court orders and legal process.
In the course of enforcing dua AG's rights, preventing fraud and ensuring security. To protect
                        and defend the rights, property, or safety of Spotted or third parties, including the
                        enforcement of contracts and policies, and in connection with the investigation and prevention
                        of fraud.
Spotted may use aggregated data or data adjusted for personal characteristics for any purpose.
                        For example, Spotted may share aggregated data or data adjusted for personal characteristics
                        with partners or others for business or analytics purposes, such as by publishing how many
                        messages are sent through Spotted in a day.
6.2 Categories of Data Recipients and Data Transfer
Spotted currently uses external data processors for the following services:
Infrastructure services (e.g. Google Cloud, Amazon Web Services).
Customer Support Services (such as Zendesk).
Services for sending e-mail notifications (e.g., mailchimp).
Analysis and Tracking Services (see point 5.2)
Advertising and sales partners (see point 4.1)
Depending on the nature of the services provided, Spotted may also engage affiliates as data
                    processors for the provision of some or all of the services provided to Customer.
Personal Data may be processed by us and/or service providers in the following countries:
Switzerland
In the EU and EEA
In the USA
In Kosovo
We protect users' personal data in accordance with contractual obligations and
                    applicable data protection laws when data is transferred abroad.
These protections may include:
The transfer to countries that provide an adequate level of protection according
                        to the country lists published by the Federal Data Protection and Information
                        Commissioner, or to countries for which an adequacy decision of the European
                        Commission is in force;
The use of standard data protection model clauses, binding corporate rules or
                        other standard contractual obligations that ensure adequate data protection.
7. How are data processed and used for anti-spam purposes?
To combat spam (foreign advertising), illegal acts (fraud, extortion, prostitution, etc.), personal
                    data are used as follows:
IP as well as e-mail addresses are stored to detect spam and unlawful acts as long as the user
                        is active.
Messages are automatically checked for keywords, but are not stored for this purpose.
Personal data such as gender, age and location are stored for active users and used in
                        combination with other, non-personal data to detect anomalies.
For verification of suspicious profiles via SMS, phone numbers already used are stored, but
                        cannot be associated with the verified user.
8. What is the process for deleting data and creating backups?
With the deletion of the user profile (Attention: Not by deletion of the Spotted app!) or
                    corresponding notification to us, all collected data of the user will be deleted. This does not
                    apply to data that must be retained due to legal regulations or for contract processing. In
                    addition, the user can at any time delete individual data in the profile itself or request us to do
                    so via a corresponding notification. A deletion from the productive databases and thus from the user
                    interface of Spotted will take place immediately; however, it may take up to 14 days until a
                    deletion from all server layers, cache memories and backup databases of Spotted takes place.
dua AG reserves the right to check profile files prior to deletion and, if necessary, to back them up
                    if, based on certain facts, there is a suspicion that the user profiles are being used by Spotted in
                    violation of the law or the contract. This serves the protection of the users of the offers of dua
                    AG.
Independently of the deletion of data initiated by the user through profile deletion, Spotted
                    automatically deletes historical data that is no longer required for the fulfillment of the contract
                    (e.g. historical location data as well as IP data) at regular intervals.
dua AG creates so-called backups to secure the data files, which are overwritten after 14 days and
                    thus finally deleted. If these backups contain log files, these are also deleted. In the event of
                    the complete deletion of a user profile, the log files will also be deleted.
9. What data security measures are in place at Spotted?
dua AG takes user trust and data protection extremely seriously. To prevent unauthorized access to or
                    disclosure of user data, to maintain data integrity, and to ensure the appropriate use of data, dua
                    AG uses appropriate physical, technical, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
                    information dua AG collects.
For the best possible protection of the user's data, the Spotted domain or Spotted app is offered via
                    a secured SSL connection, i.e. the data is transmitted in encrypted form both between the servers
                    and the browser and between the servers and the app.
10. Rights of the user: consent and revocation, information, correction, deletion, transfer
10.1 Consent and Revocation
In the course of registering with Spotted, the user consents to the collection, storage and
                    processing of his/her personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the GTC. The user
                    must expressly declare this consent when creating the user profile. This consent, as well as the
                    entire process of creating the user profile, will be recorded by dua AG.
The user can revoke their consent at any time with effect for the future. This can be done by
                    deleting the user profile (not the Spotted-App), at the indicated places in the Spotted-App or
                    Spotted-Domain within the user profile or by e-mail, telephone or letter to us: MAIL: dua AG,
                    Leutschenbachstrasse 95, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland, E-MAIL:
datenschutz@spotted.de
10.2 Information, correction, deletion, transfer, objection
In accordance with the applicable laws, the user has a right to free information about the personal
                    data stored about him and, if applicable, a right to correction and/or deletion or transfer of this
                    data. Insofar as we process personal data on the basis of legitimate interests, users have the right
                    to object to the processing at any time on grounds relating to the user's particular situation. If
                    it is a matter of objecting to data processing for direct marketing purposes, users have a general
                    right of objection, which is also implemented without providing reasons. For this purpose, the user
                    may contact
datenschutz@spotted.de
by email, for
                    example.
10.3 Right to complain to a supervisory authority
Users have the right to contact a data protection supervisory authority if they believe that the
                    processing of their personal data violates data protection law. The competent data protection
                    authority in Switzerland is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
).
                    Users from the EU/EEA can assert this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the member
                    state of their residence, workplace or location of the alleged violation.
11. Modification of the privacy policy
dua AG will update this privacy statement if necessary. The use of user data is subject to the
                    current version, which can be found at
http://www.spotted.com/data_protection
. In the event of a change to this statement regarding
                    an insignificant area (for example, a change in permissions, new features, a new contact person,
                    etc.), the User will be notified by email to the email address associated with the user's profile.
                    If the user continues to access and use Spotted after these changes take effect, the user agrees to
                    be legally bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
12. Contact person for data protection
In case of questions regarding the collection, processing or use of personal data, in case of
                    information, correction, blocking or deletion of data as well as revocation of given consents, the
                    user should - as far as applicable - delete or change his user profile (not of the Spotted app) at
                    the indicated places in the Spotted app or Spotted domain within the user profile or contact us by
                    email or letter:
dua AG
Leutschenbachstrasse 95
8050 Zürich
Switzerland
E-MAIL:
datenschutz@spotted.de
This Website uses cookies to provide the
optimal user experience.
Learn more
Ok, got it
opt-out
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://privacy.oath.com/:
Yahoo Privacy International
To learn more about how each Yahoo property across the globe treats your information, please choose your Yahoo website from the following list of Yahoo privacy policies.
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Česká republika (čeština)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
Eesti (eesti)
España (español)
Estados Unidos (español)
France (français)
Hrvatska (hrvatski)
India (English)
Indonesia (English)
Ireland (English)
Italy (Italiano)
Latvija (latviešu)
Lietuva (lietuvių)
Magyarország (magyar)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Middle East and Africa (English)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (Bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (português)
Québec (français)
România (română)
Switzerland (Deutsch)
Switzerland (français)
Switzerland (italiano)
Singapore (English)
日本（日本語）
Slovenija (slovenščina)
Slovenská (slovenčina)
South Africa (English)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Vietnam (English)
Thailand (English)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
България (български)
Россия (русский)
Србија (Српски)
Україна (українська)
עברית (ישראל)
مكتوب (العربية)
香港 (繁體中文)
臺灣 (繁體中文)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 4
https://en-us.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://about.pinterest.com/privacy-policy:
Pinterest Business
Newsroom
News
Company
Impact
Press assets
Contact
Impact
People
Product
planet
Impact
People
Product
planet
Impact
People
Product
planet
Impact
People
Product
planet
Sub-policy 7
https://www.joinspotted.com/privacy/en:
About us
Team
Career
Press
Blog
Privacy Policy
for the mobile app Spotted and the website www.spotted.de as offers of dua
                    AG.
Status: February 2023
This agreement was written in German (
/datenschutz
). To the
                    extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the German version, the
                    German version controls.
Introduction
dua AG, Leutschenbachstrasse 95, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland, (hereinafter: "dua AG" or "we/us"), as the
                    data controller, operates a platform for chatting, getting to know and meeting other people
                    (hereinafter: "Spotted") under the domain "www.spotted.de" and associated sub-pages (hereinafter:
                    "Spotted domain") and with the help of the mobile app Spotted (hereinafter: "Spotted app") available
                    for download for various operating systems
The service offered is a freemium model, whereby the user of Spotted (hereinafter: "User" or "You")
                    can create a profile (hereinafter: "User Profile") free of charge via the Spotted app, upload
                    pictures and exchange information with other users and their User Profiles if interested. The User
                    has the option to take advantage of features such as the chat, encounter stream and many other
                    features of Spotted. Spotted also offers a paid premium service that allows users to access
                    additional, exclusive features.
The offer of Spotted also serves a real get-to-know-you in one's own area, it belongs to the
                    so-called dating services. Registration is possible from the age of 18.
This privacy policy explains how personal data is handled. Personal data is individual information
                    about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. This includes,
                    for example, name, birthday, telephone number, but also e-mail address and usage data, such as the
                    IP address. Furthermore, the privacy policy serves to provide information about which data is
                    collected, stored and processed and how dua AG ensures the protection and security of personal data.
                    .
dua AG does not require users to use their real names. The user can also enter a pseudonym instead
                    of a name.
This Privacy Policy is structured as follows:
1. How is my data collected, processed and used when I download the Spotted app?
1.1. Download the Spotted app
1.2. Installation and permissions
2. How my data is collected, processed and used when visiting the Spotted domain or the Spotted
                        app without creating a user profile at Spotted?
3. How is my data collected, processed and used after creating a user profile and when using the
                        Spotted app or Spotted domain offer?
3.1 Mandatory data when creating the user profile
3.2 Voluntary data
3.3 Location data
3.4 IP addresses
3.4 Payment data
4. How is my data used by Spotted for advertising purposes?
4.1. What data is used for advertising purposes and who receives the data?
4.2. What is the Advertiser ID and how is it used?
4.3. Use of location data
5. What cookies, tracking providers, analytics services does Spotted use? How are social media and
                        like buttons integrated?
5.1 Cookies and cookie policy
5.2 Tracking providers, analysis services
5.3 Social Media Shortcuts
5.4 Integration of like/share buttons, social plugins
5.5 Facebook Connect
6. How data is disclosed or passed on?
6.1 General information on the disclosure of personal data
6.2 Categories of data recipients
7. How is data processed and used for anti-spam purposes?
8. What's the process of deleting data and creating backups?
9. What data security measures are in place at Spotted?
10. User rights: consent and revocation, information, correction, deletion, transfer
10.1 Consent and revocation
10.2 Information, correction, deletion, transfer
11. Modification of the privacy policy
12. Contact person for data protection
1. How will my data be collected, processed and used when I download the Spotted app?
1.1. Downloading the Spotted App
When downloading the Spotted app, the necessary information is transferred to the respective app
                    store operator. Depending on the app store, this is, for example, the email address or the customer
                    number of the app store user of the respective app store, the time of the download and an individual
                    device identification number. However, dua AG has no influence on this data collection and is not
                    responsible for it. The corresponding data protection declarations/ settings of the respective app
                    store operator apply.
dua AG processes the data provided by the respective app store operator as far as this is necessary
                    for downloading the Spotted App to the end device.
1.2. Installation and Authorizations
For the technical functionality of the Spotted App and for the provision of the services offered with
                    the Spotted App, Spotted requires various access options and information.
Depending on the operating system, permission to access individual functions and information is
                    already requested during the installation process. The access permissions include, among others,
                    location, notifications, and mobile data.
Under the settings of the end device, these permissions can be partially revoked manually. However,
                    it should be noted that the Spotted app can only be used to a limited extent or not at all without
                    the corresponding permissions. Depending on the app version, permissions are requested before or
                    after installation.
2. How is my data collected, processed and used when visiting the Spotted domain or the Spotted
                        app without creating a user profile with Spotted?
dua AG uses the personal data that the user provides or that is collected when using Spotted without
                    creating a user profile without separate consent solely for the purpose of implementing the user
                    relationship and as described in this Privacy Policy.
When merely visiting the Spotted domain (on a so-called landing page/start page) or installing the
                    Spotted app without creating a user profile, dua AG collects the following data transmitted by the
                    user's terminal device or browser:
IP address
Name of the web page visited, file, date and time of the request
Amount of Data Transferred
Browser Type and Version
Referrer URL (origin URL) from which the user came to the retrieved page
Requesting Provider
As well as, in addition, during the mere installation of the Spotted app without registration or
                    creation of a user profile, the following data transmitted by the user's terminal device used:
Push Handle (for sending push messages)
Location data (GPS Location)
Country Code
Language
Device Name
Name of the operating system and version.
This data is required for the use of the Spotted domain or installation of the Spotted app as such,
                    or is used for evaluation for statistical purposes to optimize Spotted. The data is processed and
                    used to prevent and combat fake profiles, illegal activities and spam, as well as to ensure the
                    integrity and stability of the Spotted platform.
The location data is collected, processed and used so that the user can use the so-called
                    location-based service, with which he is offered suggestions tailored to the respective location
                    from registration. For more details on the use of location data, see also points 3.3 and 4.3.
                    Furthermore, Spotted uses cookies (see point 5.1), analysis services and tracking providers (see
                    point 5.2).
3. How is my data collected, processed and used after creating a user profile and when using the
                        Spotted app or Spotted domain?
dua AG uses the personal data that the User provides or that is collected during the use of Spotted
                    after a User profile has been created, without separate consent, solely for the purpose of
                    implementing the user relationship and as described accordingly in this Privacy Policy. In order to
                    use Spotted to its full extent, it is necessary for the user to create a user profile. For this
                    purpose, the user must provide additional personal data, which dua AG uses to provide the respective
                    service.
The user can also voluntarily register with his Spotted user profile for other services of dua AG. In
                    this case, the profile data such as name, gender, age and contact data are processed in the dua apps
                    used in this way. However, even in these cases, dua AG remains the data controller as the operator
                    of Spotted, as described above. Further information on how dua AG processes personal data can also
                    be found at dua AG Privacy Policy.
3.1 Mandatory information when creating the user profile
When creating the user profile and registering, the following information must be provided:
E-mail address
Password
Username (pseudonym)
City
Date of birth
Gender
Profile picture
The data provided is collected, processed and used for the purpose of using Spotted. Among other
                    things, the information is used for addressing, authentication, age verification, personalization of
                    the profile, display of other matching user profiles as well as for advertising purposes (see also
                    point 4).
3.2 Voluntary data
The user can provide a variety of voluntary information in his user profile. This serves in
                    particular the function of Spotted to select recommendations for other user profiles according to
                    different criteria for the user and to display them within Spotted. Additional information increases
                    the probability of coming into contact with suitable user profiles. This information is voluntary
                    for the user and can be viewed in the profile under Details or entered, changed or deleted.
The data provided is collected, processed and used by us for the purpose of using Spotted. In
                    addition, this data may also be processed and used for advertising purposes (see details on
                    advertising under point 4).
This voluntary information is visible to other logged-in users within Spotted as "public", but can be
                    deleted or modified by the user profile owner at any time under the settings within the user
                    profile.
3.3 Location Data
The services offered by Spotted also include so-called location-based services, with which the user
                    is presented with special offers that are tailored to the respective location. In this way, the User
                    can in particular be shown other Users who are in his or her vicinity. In order to be able to offer
                    these functions within the Spotted app, Spotted collects location data by means of GPS of the end
                    device used as well as location data via nearby radio access nodes. If location collection is
                    active, the location is regularly transmitted to dua AG upon permission and processed and used
                    there.
The user can adjust this function in the settings of the operating system on his terminal device at
                    any time, i.e. allow the collection of location data or revoke its use.
The location data can also be processed and used for advertising purposes (see details on advertising
                    under point 4).
3.4 IP Addresses
The IP addresses of users are recorded for security and testing purposes. This is to prevent misuse
                    of the service. The data is processed and used to prevent and combat fake profiles, illegal
                    activities and spam, as well as to ensure the integrity and stability of the Spotted platform.
3.4 Payment Data
If the User makes in-app purchases via Spotted, buys "credits" or books our paid premium service,
                    this is done via external payment providers. No payment data is collected and processed by dua AG
                    when a purchase is made. The payment data is entered and processed directly by the payment
                    providers. Technical data (including the transaction ID) is exchanged between dua AG and the payment
                    providers to validate the purchases.
4. How is my data used by Spotted for advertising purposes?
Spotted-GmbH has opted for a freemium model for Spotted, i.e. a basic version of Spotted can be used
                    by any user without paying a fee. However, advertising is displayed to the user in the free version.
                    The advertising played on Spotted contains the user's own advertising content (e.g., about Spotted's
                    premium products) or is commissioned by the advertiser in so-called campaigns. Campaigns can also be
                    personalized and thus displayed specifically only to certain user groups (example: hair care
                    advertising only for female or male users, etc.). In some cases, the advertising displayed on
                    Spotted is done through the intermediation of external service providers.
Even if the use of data for advertising purposes is in the legitimate interest of dua AG, a
                    corresponding consent is obtained in the product before the data is used for advertising
                    purposes.
4.1. What data is used for advertising purposes and who receives data
dua AG may place advertisements from third parties on Spotted, which may also be tailored to the
                    presumed special interests of the User (personalized advertising), if the User has given his or her
                    consent to this on Spotted. The user can revoke this consent given on Spotted with effect for the
                    future at any time under the profile settings under "Privacy/Tools".
When placing such personalized advertising, the respective third-party provider for whom advertising
                    is to be placed on Spotted or by means of whose services advertising is placed by other third
                    parties will receive the following data (hereinafter: the "Transmission Data"):
Advertiser ID
Profile data
Location-based data
Technical data about the end device
Data about the use of Spotted
Data on the advertisements placed
The transmission data is passed on to the following categories of recipients for the purposes
                    listed:
Operators of Ad Server Services
Operators of Tracking Services
Affiliate Networks
Operators of Customer Relationship Services
E-mail Providers
Other Sales & Marketing Partners
When using Spotted, consent is obtained from the user in the product that he or she agrees to his or
                    her data being used for the purpose of transferring it to third-party providers for the display of
                    personalized advertising within the Spotted app or Spotted domain. The user can revoke this consent
                    at any time in the profile settings under " Privacy/Tools " with effect for the future.
Furthermore, when using Spotted in the product, consent is obtained from the user that he/she agrees
                    to his/her transmission data being used for the purpose of transmission to third-party providers for
                    the display of personalized advertising on advertising spaces outside of Spotted.
The user can revoke this consent at any time in the profile settings under "Privacy/Tools" with
                    effect for the future
4.2. What is the Advertiser ID and how is it used?
For tracking and advertising purposes, the Spotted app uses the so-called Advertiser ID, i.e. the
                    so-called "Advertiser Identifier" (IDFA) of the offers of Apple Inc. and the "Android Advertiser ID"
                    (Advertiser ID) of the offers of Google. Inc. (hereinafter each the: "Advertiser ID(s)"). These
                    Advertiser IDs are unique but non-permanent identification numbers for a specific end device,
                    provided respectively by iOS as the Apple Inc. offering and by Android as the Google Inc. offering.
                    In contrast to the Vendor-Advertiser-ID (this is generated by new operating systems and is only
                    identical for the apps of a vendor), the Advertiser-ID provided is also identical to the
                    Advertiser-ID that is transferred to apps of other companies when they are used.
The advertiser ID is used with the corresponding consent of the user to display personalized
                    advertising within online offers and to evaluate this advertising. If the user activates the option
                    "no ad tracking" on an Apple end device under "Privacy" - "Advertising" in the iOS settings or on an
                    end device with an Android system under "Google settings" (or also "Settings" and therein "Google"),
                    then clicks on "Ads" and the button at "Disable interest-based ads", dua AG can only take the
                    following measures: Measurement of interaction with banners by counting the number of times a banner
                    is displayed without being clicked on ("frequency capping"), click-through rate, detection of unique
                    usage ("unique user") as well as security measures, fraud prevention and error correction.
The advertiser ID is also used by dua AG for tracking purposes. For example, a user who registers on
                    Spotted after clicking on an advertisement for Spotted on another domain or app is also identified
                    by the advertiser ID. The advertiser receives a fee for this user tracked in this way after
                    registration is completed.
The user can delete the IDFA or advertiser ID in the device settings at any time ("Reset Ad ID"), and
                    a new IDFA or advertiser ID will then be created.
When using Spotted, consent is obtained from the user in the product that the user agrees to the
                    Advertiser ID being used by dua AG for the purpose of displaying personalized advertising within the
                    Spotted app or Spotted domain. The user can revoke this consent at any time by objecting to the
                    display of personalized advertising in the profile settings under the item "Privacy/Tools".
More information and the privacy policy of Apple Inc. can be found here:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
More information as well as the privacy policy of Google Inc. can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies / privacy /
4.3. Use of Location Data
In addition to the collection of location data via GPS location (see Section 3.3) to fulfill the
                    Location Based Service, Spotted also collects and uses location data in order to be able to suggest
                    to the User, on the basis of the data thus obtained, advertising offers within Spotted that are
                    suitable for him/her in terms of location and subject matter.
When using Spotted, consent is obtained from the user in the product that the user agrees to their
                    location-based data being used for the purpose of transmitting it to third-party providers for the
                    display of personalized advertising within the Spotted app or Spotted domain. The user can revoke
                    this consent at any time in the profile settings under "Privacy/Tools" with effect for the
                    future.
5. What cookies, tracking providers, analytics services does Spotted use? How are social media and
                        like buttons integrated?
5.1 Cookies and Cookie Policy
In order to use the Spotted domain as comfortably as possible, we use cookies on the Spotted domain.
                    Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the Internet browser (so-called
                    session cookies) or on the hard drive of the mobile device or computer used (so-called permanent
                    cookies). The browser settings can be selected in such a way that cookies are rejected or that
                    reference is made to them before they are set. By setting cookies, users are assigned pseudonymous
                    IDs. Cookies do not execute programs on the user's terminal device or even transmit viruses. Session
                    cookies are deleted from the cache at the end of the browser session.
dua AG also uses cookies to increase the security of the Spotted Domain. For example, to authenticate
                    the user during a session, to prevent cross-site scripting or to prevent phishing and fraudulent
                    activities such as scamming.
Furthermore, tracking providers/analysis services (see also the explanations under point 5.2 Use of
                    tracking providers/analysis services) set cookies on the user's terminal device on behalf of dua AG
                    in order to record usage data. This is data that can be collected while the user is browsing the
                    pages of the Spotted domain or clicking on advertisements, for example. These cookies are used to
                    display targeted advertisements, to optimize reports on advertising campaigns and to prevent
                    identical advertisements from being displayed more than once.
Users can influence the use of cookies. Most browsers have a settings option that limits or
                    completely prevents the storage of cookies. However, we would like to point out that the use and in
                    particular the user comfort of Spotted may be limited without the use of cookies.
5.2 Tracking Providers, Analysis Services
In order to optimize Spotted services and offer them in the best possible way, Spotted performs
                    analyses of visitor behavior. For this purpose, dua AG uses analysis procedures with which visits to
                    the Spotted domain or Spotted app can be analyzed. Furthermore, third-party tracking tools are used
                    to analyze the reach of various advertising campaigns and marketing activities. When using
                    third-party tools, personal data may also be transmitted.
The purpose of the data processing is, in addition to troubleshooting, primarily the optimization of
                    Spotted with regard to the needs of the users. dua AG also receives key figures about the number of
                    visitors and their distribution over time, about popular content and the length of time users spend
                    on the site via the web analysis procedure. If necessary, it can be determined whether a user
                    profile was created as a result of an advertising measure. The data is processed and used to prevent
                    and combat fake profiles, illegal activities and spam, as well as to ensure the security of the
                    Spotted platform. To perform the analysis, user data is transmitted to various third-party
                    providers.
The following analytics and tracking providers are currently used by Spotted:
Crashlytics (Fabric)
The Spotted app uses the analysis tool "Crashlytics" (Fabric) of the company Crashlytics, 1 Kendall
                    Square, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA (hereinafter: "Crashlytics"). This analysis program uses IP
                    addresses of the users for analysis purposes, which are, however, only used anonymously. It is not
                    possible to draw conclusions about a specific person. Crashlytics provides dua AG with real-time
                    evaluations of system crashes and thus facilitates the maintenance and improvement of the Spotted
                    app. A user ID, clicks and technical device data are transmitted to analyze the error.
For more information on Crashlytics' privacy policy, please see their privacy policy:
http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
Google Analytics
Spotted uses "Google Analytics", a service provided by Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway,
                    Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter: "Google"). dua AG points out that when using Spotted
                    Google Analytics has been extended by the IP masking function
"_ gat._anonymizeIp"
to
                    ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses
The following information on the use of Google Analytics should be noted:
Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on the device and that enable an analysis of the use of
                    Spotted. The information generated by the cookie about your use of Spotted is usually transmitted to
                    and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, by activating IP anonymization,
                    Google's IP address will be truncated beforehand within member states of the European Union or in
                    other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. On behalf of dua AG, Google
                    will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our service, compiling reports
                    on our activities and providing other services relating to website activity to the operator.
The user has the option to object to this:
The collection and storage of data by Google Analytics can be objected to at any time with effect for
                    the future. For this purpose, the User has the option of installing a browser plug-in issued by
                    Google. This is available for various browser versions and can be downloaded at
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
For more information about Google's use of
                    data for advertising purposes, settings and opt-out options, please visit the Google websites:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners
("Data use by Google when you use
                    our partners' websites or apps"),
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
("Data use for advertising purposes"),
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
("Manage the information Google uses to show you ads")
                    and
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
("Determine what ads Google shows you").
Flurry Analytics
Spotted uses the web analytics service Flurry Analytics, a program of Flurry Inc, 360 3rd St Suite
                    750, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Flurry Analytics is a tool for anonymized analysis of usage
                    behavior in apps. The information thus obtained enables the app to be better adapted to the demands
                    and wishes of users. .
Flurry uses cookies. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the app is usually
                    transmitted to a server of Flurry Inc. in the USA and stored there. The following technical data,
                    among others, is collected via Flurry: Device type, operating system and version number, provider
                    name, timestamp, app version, usage time and language setting, country code, error reports. Data
                    related to the individual end device (MAC address, IMEI number, device identifier) is deleted
                    directly after collection and replaced by Flurry with a specific code.
The information collected via Flurry is provided to Verlagsgruppe Random House in aggregated form,
                    such as the number of app users in a given period. Personal data is not evaluated.
                    Information on Flurry's compliance with data protection can be found on the Flurry website:
https://privacy.oath.com
(there in the section relating to "Flurry Analytics").
5.3 Social Media Links
The Spotted domain may contain links to dua AG's accounts on the social networks Instagram, YouTube,
                    Pinterest, Twitter, Facebook and Google+. After clicking on the embedded graphic, the user is
                    redirected to the page of the respective provider of Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Twitter,
                    Facebook or Google+, i.e. only then is user information transmitted to the respective provider.
If the user is logged into his user profile in the corresponding social network, an association with
                    the visit to Spotted takes place after activation of the button.
If the user does not want the social networks to collect data about the Spotted domain, he should log
                    out of these accordingly before visiting the Spotted domain. However, when the corresponding button
                    is activated by click, cookie(s) with an identifier are nevertheless set each time Spotted is called
                    up. Therefore, data may be collected via this function and a profile may be created that can be
                    traced back to an individual person under certain circumstances. If the user does not wish this to
                    happen, he or she can deactivate the corresponding link within the Spotted domain by clicking on it.
                    The user can also set his browser to generally exclude the acceptance of cookies; however, we would
                    like to point out that in this case the functionality of Spotted may be limited.
Information on the handling of personal data when using these websites can be found in the respective
                    privacy policies of the providers.
Facebook
The Facebook Privacy Policy (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA
                    94304, USA) can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
Twitter
Twitter's Privacy Policy (operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Flom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA
                    94107, USA) can be found at
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Instagram
Instagram Privacy Policy (powered by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304,
                    USA) can be found at
https://www.instagram.com
or
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
.
Google+ / YouTube
Google / YouTube Privacy Policy (each operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway,
                    Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) can be found at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
.
Pinterest
Pinterest's Privacy Policy (operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA
                    94103, USA) can be found at
https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
.
5.4 Integration of like/share buttons, social plugins
Furthermore, social plugins of the social networks Facebook (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S.
                    California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA) are initially inactively integrated on the Spotted
                    domain.
By clicking on "Like us on Facebook, the respective social plugin is activated by Facebook and only
                    then is any user information transmitted to the Facebook provider. With a further click, the user
                    can then like or follow the dua AG account and will be informed by the service about activities of
                    the dua AG account on Facebook. dua AG has no influence on the collection, processing and use of
                    data of the respective networks..
If the user does not wish the social networks to collect data about the Spotted domain, he or she
                    should log out of these accordingly before visiting the Spotted domain. However, when the
                    corresponding button is activated by click, cookie(s) with an identifier are nevertheless set each
                    time Spotted is called up. Therefore, data may be collected via this function and a profile may be
                    created that can be traced back to an individual person under certain circumstances. If the user
                    does not wish this to happen, he or she can deactivate the corresponding link within the Spotted
                    domain by clicking on it. The user can also set their browser to generally exclude the acceptance of
                    cookies; however, we would like to point out that in this case the functionality of Spotted may be
                    limited.
Facebook
The Spotted Domain uses the social plugin for the social network at facebook.com from Facebook Inc,
                    1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
                    Facebook's privacy policy can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
5.5 Facebook Connect
dua AG offers the User the opportunity to register for Spotted with Facebook Connect. To register,
                    the User is redirected to the Facebook site (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo
                    Alto, CA 94304, USA), where he or she logs in with his or her user data, unless he or she is already
                    logged in. By means of a click by the user, the respective Facebook profile and the user profile at
                    Spotted are then linked with each other. Through the link, dua AG automatically receives the User's
                    data from Facebook in the form of the e-mail address and other data within the User's public
                    Facebook profile. The public Facebook profile contains data that the User has made available to the
                    public on Facebook. Typically, the public Facebook profile includes the following data: Name,
                    profile picture, gender, language, country, age range, Facebook ID, friends, likes and relationship
                    status.
Of this data transmitted by Facebook, dua AG uses the email address, Facebook ID, profile picture,
                    Likes, locations and birthday. This information is used for the user profile. Further information on
                    Facebook Connect and privacy settings can be found in Facebook's privacy policy and terms of use
                    at
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
5.6 Use of Social Media: Videos
Use of Youtube videos
This website uses the Youtube embedding function to display and play videos from the provider
                    "Youtube", which belongs to Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
                    ("Google"). Here, the extended data protection mode is used, which, according to the provider, only
                    triggers the storage of user information when the video(s) is/are played. If the playback of
                    embedded Youtube videos is started, the provider "Youtube" uses cookies to collect information about
                    user behavior. According to information from "Youtube", these are used, among other things, to
                    collect video statistics, to improve user-friendliness and to prevent abusive behavior. If you are
                    logged in to Google, your data is directly assigned to your account when you click on a video. If
                    you do not want the assignment with your profile at YouTube, you must log out before activating the
                    button. Google stores your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and
                    evaluates them. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1
                    lit.f DSGVO on the basis of Google's legitimate interests in the insertion of personalized
                    advertising, market research and/or needs-based design of its website. You have the right to object
                    to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
                    Independently of a playback of the embedded videos, a connection to the Google network "DoubleClick"
                    is established each time this website is called up, which may trigger further data processing
                    operations without our influence. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the us-European
                    data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the level of data
                    protection applicable in the EU. Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in
                    the provider's privacy policy at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
6. How data is disclosed or passed on
dua AG does not pass on personal data of users to third parties, unless the user has given his or her
                    consent, the transfer is required by law or permitted by law.
6.1 General information on the transfer of personal data
User data and other data
Spotted may disclose customer data to the following third parties for the purpose of executing the
                    contract:
External service providers and agents. Spotted may engage external companies or individuals to
                        process Customer Data.
Affiliated Companies. Spotted may engage affiliated companies to process Customer Data.
                        Other Disclosures.
Spotted may share or disclose Customer Data as follows:
In connection with changes in business structure. In connection with mergers, acquisitions,
                        bankruptcy proceedings, dissolution proceedings, restructuring actions, dispositions of some or
                        all of Spotted's assets, financings, acquisitions of some or all of our business, similar
                        transactions or proceedings, or steps taken in contemplation of such activities (e.g., due
                        diligence)
To the extent required by law. To comply with legal or regulatory requirements and in response
                        to lawful requests, court orders and legal process.
In the course of enforcing dua AG's rights, preventing fraud and ensuring security. To protect
                        and defend the rights, property, or safety of Spotted or third parties, including the
                        enforcement of contracts and policies, and in connection with the investigation and prevention
                        of fraud.
Spotted may use aggregated data or data adjusted for personal characteristics for any purpose.
                        For example, Spotted may share aggregated data or data adjusted for personal characteristics
                        with partners or others for business or analytics purposes, such as by publishing how many
                        messages are sent through Spotted in a day.
6.2 Categories of Data Recipients and Data Transfer
Spotted currently uses external data processors for the following services:
Infrastructure services (e.g. Google Cloud, Amazon Web Services).
Customer Support Services (such as Zendesk).
Services for sending e-mail notifications (e.g., mailchimp).
Analysis and Tracking Services (see point 5.2)
Advertising and sales partners (see point 4.1)
Depending on the nature of the services provided, Spotted may also engage affiliates as data
                    processors for the provision of some or all of the services provided to Customer.
Personal Data may be processed by us and/or service providers in the following countries:
Switzerland
In the EU and EEA
In the USA
In Kosovo
We protect users' personal data in accordance with contractual obligations and
                    applicable data protection laws when data is transferred abroad.
These protections may include:
The transfer to countries that provide an adequate level of protection according
                        to the country lists published by the Federal Data Protection and Information
                        Commissioner, or to countries for which an adequacy decision of the European
                        Commission is in force;
The use of standard data protection model clauses, binding corporate rules or
                        other standard contractual obligations that ensure adequate data protection.
7. How are data processed and used for anti-spam purposes?
To combat spam (foreign advertising), illegal acts (fraud, extortion, prostitution, etc.), personal
                    data are used as follows:
IP as well as e-mail addresses are stored to detect spam and unlawful acts as long as the user
                        is active.
Messages are automatically checked for keywords, but are not stored for this purpose.
Personal data such as gender, age and location are stored for active users and used in
                        combination with other, non-personal data to detect anomalies.
For verification of suspicious profiles via SMS, phone numbers already used are stored, but
                        cannot be associated with the verified user.
8. What is the process for deleting data and creating backups?
With the deletion of the user profile (Attention: Not by deletion of the Spotted app!) or
                    corresponding notification to us, all collected data of the user will be deleted. This does not
                    apply to data that must be retained due to legal regulations or for contract processing. In
                    addition, the user can at any time delete individual data in the profile itself or request us to do
                    so via a corresponding notification. A deletion from the productive databases and thus from the user
                    interface of Spotted will take place immediately; however, it may take up to 14 days until a
                    deletion from all server layers, cache memories and backup databases of Spotted takes place.
dua AG reserves the right to check profile files prior to deletion and, if necessary, to back them up
                    if, based on certain facts, there is a suspicion that the user profiles are being used by Spotted in
                    violation of the law or the contract. This serves the protection of the users of the offers of dua
                    AG.
Independently of the deletion of data initiated by the user through profile deletion, Spotted
                    automatically deletes historical data that is no longer required for the fulfillment of the contract
                    (e.g. historical location data as well as IP data) at regular intervals.
dua AG creates so-called backups to secure the data files, which are overwritten after 14 days and
                    thus finally deleted. If these backups contain log files, these are also deleted. In the event of
                    the complete deletion of a user profile, the log files will also be deleted.
9. What data security measures are in place at Spotted?
dua AG takes user trust and data protection extremely seriously. To prevent unauthorized access to or
                    disclosure of user data, to maintain data integrity, and to ensure the appropriate use of data, dua
                    AG uses appropriate physical, technical, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
                    information dua AG collects.
For the best possible protection of the user's data, the Spotted domain or Spotted app is offered via
                    a secured SSL connection, i.e. the data is transmitted in encrypted form both between the servers
                    and the browser and between the servers and the app.
10. Rights of the user: consent and revocation, information, correction, deletion, transfer
10.1 Consent and Revocation
In the course of registering with Spotted, the user consents to the collection, storage and
                    processing of his/her personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the GTC. The user
                    must expressly declare this consent when creating the user profile. This consent, as well as the
                    entire process of creating the user profile, will be recorded by dua AG.
The user can revoke their consent at any time with effect for the future. This can be done by
                    deleting the user profile (not the Spotted-App), at the indicated places in the Spotted-App or
                    Spotted-Domain within the user profile or by e-mail, telephone or letter to us: MAIL: dua AG,
                    Leutschenbachstrasse 95, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland, E-MAIL:
datenschutz@spotted.de
10.2 Information, correction, deletion, transfer, objection
In accordance with the applicable laws, the user has a right to free information about the personal
                    data stored about him and, if applicable, a right to correction and/or deletion or transfer of this
                    data. Insofar as we process personal data on the basis of legitimate interests, users have the right
                    to object to the processing at any time on grounds relating to the user's particular situation. If
                    it is a matter of objecting to data processing for direct marketing purposes, users have a general
                    right of objection, which is also implemented without providing reasons. For this purpose, the user
                    may contact
datenschutz@spotted.de
by email, for
                    example.
10.3 Right to complain to a supervisory authority
Users have the right to contact a data protection supervisory authority if they believe that the
                    processing of their personal data violates data protection law. The competent data protection
                    authority in Switzerland is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
).
                    Users from the EU/EEA can assert this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the member
                    state of their residence, workplace or location of the alleged violation.
11. Modification of the privacy policy
dua AG will update this privacy statement if necessary. The use of user data is subject to the
                    current version, which can be found at
http://www.spotted.com/data_protection
. In the event of a change to this statement regarding
                    an insignificant area (for example, a change in permissions, new features, a new contact person,
                    etc.), the User will be notified by email to the email address associated with the user's profile.
                    If the user continues to access and use Spotted after these changes take effect, the user agrees to
                    be legally bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
12. Contact person for data protection
In case of questions regarding the collection, processing or use of personal data, in case of
                    information, correction, blocking or deletion of data as well as revocation of given consents, the
                    user should - as far as applicable - delete or change his user profile (not of the Spotted app) at
                    the indicated places in the Spotted app or Spotted domain within the user profile or contact us by
                    email or letter:
dua AG
Leutschenbachstrasse 95
8050 Zürich
Switzerland
E-MAIL:
datenschutz@spotted.de
This Website uses cookies to provide the
optimal user experience.
Learn more
Ok, got it
opt-out