It's Done!
Thanks, your email has been sent!
Back to CamFind
Oops!
Sorry, something went wrong!
Back to CamFind
Privacy Policy
Overview
We created this policy to give you an understanding of our information collection and use practices. It is important that you read this document for the full explanation of our privacy practices.
We receive information that:
you allow us to collect when you use certain CloudSight features
we get from seeing how you use CloudSight
we get from communicating with you
We use this information to:
provide CloudSight features and services to you
manage and improve the CloudSight website and services
analyze how you use CloudSight
provide you with information
diagnose technical problems and maintain security
We share this information with:
Businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that CloudSight is part of, or that become part of the same group
Outside parties to comply with the law and legal obligation
We Store information:
Primarily in the United States, but may also use other locations around the world
Privacy policy
Effective date: November 21, 2014.
Welcome to CloudSight ("CloudSight," "we," "us" or "our"). CloudSight provides a fast and accurate image recognition search. Upon receiving an image request, our API responds with keywords defining the image provided.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our API, web site, mobile services and any software provided on or in connection with CloudSight services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
By using the Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to define images through our technology, and thereby accept this Privacy Policy providing the Service full consent to process, analyze, and store data in accordance with the terms set forth.
Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").
Click on the links below to jump to each section of this Policy:
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
Sharing of Your Information
How We Store Your Information
Your Choices About Your Information
Technology
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
1. Information we collect
We collect the following types of information. Information you provide us directly:
Communications between you and CloudSight. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related emails.
Analytics information:
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or platform to our Service that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Cookies and similar technologies:
When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use CloudSight and provide features to you.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page. It can also be provided when the content of the web page is downloaded to your browser.
When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, and how you interact with the Service. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
Metadata:
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.
Users may have Metadata added to their User Content including a geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo).
2. How we use your information
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service
develop and test new products and features
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
diagnose or fix technology problems
3. Sharing of your information
We will not rent or sell your private contact information, such as username, user ID, device ID, email address, etc. to third parties outside CloudSight (or the group of companies of which CloudSight is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy. Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and location data (such as usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.), with organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
Collection and Sharing of Location Information.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information through methods such as mobile “SDKs” through our partnership with
Cuebiq
which assists in covering the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services. This information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with other parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research.  You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device (note that certain services may lose functionality as a result). You can also control options through your
device’s opt-out settings
which will tell advertisers to not use your in-app information from that device to collect and serve interest-based advertising and will inform our partner, Cuebiq, to halt further data collection and sharing from this device. Additionally, to help us improve our service we collect the following information on an anonymous basis: Operating System, Date & time, Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), SSID (network), BSSID (network), Internal MAC address (network), Bundle ID, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name, Sim Code, Country, and Locale. In addition to helping us to measure the usage of our app this anonymous information is shared with third parties for their business purposes, including the creation of reports, market research and trend analysis.
We may license the image data to outside companies or organizations for their internal use only. No user IDs or any other personally identifying metadata will ever be attached along with the images.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of CloudSight or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Instances where we may be required to share your information: CloudSight will disclose your information where required to do so by law or by judicial process or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to:
comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement
enforce our Terms of Use
protect the security or integrity of our Service
exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of CloudSight, our Users or others
4. How we store your information
Store and Processing:
The images sent through the Service are stored indefinitely.
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which CloudSight, a company in the same group of companies as CloudSight, or Service Providers maintain facilities.
CloudSight may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which CloudSight, a company in the same group of companies as CloudSight or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
5. Your choices about your information
How long we keep your User Content:
Following termination or deactivation of your account, CloudSight may retain information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at contact@cloudsight.ai.
6. Technology
Our service employs a proprietary technology that utilizes both computer vision and crowdsourcing.
7. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at contact@cloudsight.ai.
8. Changes to our privacy policy
CloudSight may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of CloudSight or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.