Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Featured Stories
Native apps in Snowflake
Wednesday, March 12, 2025
Couchbase Edge Server launched for edge AI apps
Tuesday, March 11, 2025
Automated code refactoring platform Moderne
Thursday, March 6, 2025
Developers Alliance announces new board chair
Wednesday, February 12, 2025
2025 gaming evolution and a shift toward retention
Wednesday, January 8, 2025
2025 workforce trends and insights from SciPlay
Tuesday, January 7, 2025
Multi agent apps will drive the adoption of distributed frameworks
Monday, January 6, 2025
Stay Updated
Sign up for our newsletter for the headlines delivered to you
SuccessFull SignUp
Get More App News