Platform
Resources
Company
Sign In
Try it Now
Schedule a Demo
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy sets forth Cloze,
    Inc.’s (“Cloze”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) privacy practices in connection with
    Cloze’s websites located at cloze.com, clz.es (“Site” or “Sites”), the
    Cloze mobile applications, the Cloze web browser extensions, and the Cloze
    chat bots (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies only
    to information collected by Cloze from users of our Services and visitors
    of our websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information
    collected by Cloze in other ways, including offline. Access to the Services
    is provided pursuant to the Terms of Service accessible on our Sites and
    Services. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy,
    shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service.
Summary
Because Cloze integrates with a variety of content imported, with your
    authorization, from your email, notes, files, reminders, calendar, phone,
    messaging, contacts, social media and other services, we take precautions
    to ensure that your personal information is protected.
Rather than a dense legalistic Privacy Policy we have tried to write a
    clear, open and transparent Privacy Policy that an average human can
    understand without retaining a lawyer. Here are a few highlights about the
    data we collect through our Services, how we use it, and
    your choices about its use.
Broadly speaking, we break your data into two distinct categories:
Your Personal Information
. This is information about you and might include your login email, name,
        cookies from your browser sessions, etc. We use this information to provide our services and run our
        business.
We won't use your personal information for any undisclosed purposes.
Your Content
. This is information about your contacts and communication that you import or
        otherwise connected into Cloze.
We won't sell your content. We won't spam your email or social networks.
        We’ll be open and transparent as to how we will use your content within Cloze.
Information About You
We use your Personal Information to communicate with you, provide you with
    our Services, and to help us improve our Services. We collect your name and
    contact information as well as your Third Party Login Credentials for each
    Third Party Platform (as defined below), and if you purchase our Premium
    Services, we also collect your payment information through third party
    online payment services.
We use cookies and other technologies to keep track of your use of our
    Services and to provide a personalized experience. Cookies are described
    and discussed below. We also use cookies to help us measure usage and
    improve the quality of our Services.
By using our Services, you indicate your consent for Cloze to send cookies
    to your computer or other device in order to uniquely identify your browser
    and improve the quality of our Services. You may turn off cookies in your
    browser however, in doing so, some or all of our Services may not work.
Your Privacy Choices
You may review and correct your Personal Information and preferences.
You may opt-out of marketing and promotional emails from us.
You may opt-out of phone and postal marketing.
You may have additional privacy rights available to you depending on your jurisdiction.
Important Information
We will update the “last updated” date to indicate the effective date of
    any changes to our Privacy Policy.
How to Reach Us if You Have a Question
By email to privacy@cloze.com.
Protecting Your Data and Ensuring Your Privacy at Cloze
The Cloze Services
What Is Personal Information?
What Information Do We Collect And When Do We Collect It?
Your Content
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
What does Cloze do with your Content?
What Content gets shared when you join a Cloze Business Team?
What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
User Communications
Links to Other Sites
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?
What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information?
Your Rights: Reviewing, Changing or Deleting Your Information
Retention of Your Information
Minors
International Transfer
Information for European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Swiss Users
Lawful Bases for Processing
Information for California Residents
Third Party Platform Policies
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Questions?
The Cloze Services
Cloze organizes and provides efficient means to access and receive updates
    regarding your contacts that may have been previously dispersed over many
    different Third Party Platforms.
“Third Party Platforms” are software that integrate with our Services and
    that you have authorized to connect with Cloze. This may include email,
    calendar, messaging, file storage, phone services, note taking, reminders,
    social networking, and other cloud services such as Microsoft 365, Gmail,
    Google Workspace, Slack, Dropbox, DocuSign, Evernote and other similar
    platforms from which you authorize us to import, search, and access, content.
What Is Personal Information?
“Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or
    identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can
    be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
    identifier such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number or
    e-mail address, an identification number, location information, an online
    identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical,
    physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of
    that natural person. “Sensitive Personal Information” means racial or
    ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or
    trade union members, the processing of genetic, biometric data for purposes
    of uniquely identifying a natural person, and information concerning an
    individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation. We treat your
    Personal and Sensitive Personal Information as confidential.
“Other Information” is any information that is not Personal Information or
    Sensitive Personal Information. Personal Information does not include
    anonymized or “aggregate” information, or publicly available information
    that has not been combined with Personal Information or Sensitive Personal
    Information.
What Information Do We Collect And When Do We Collect It?
We may collect your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
When you voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you register for an
        account by creating a username and password (“Cloze Login Credentials”),
        send us an email or post information or other content to our Site or
        Service;.
When you choose to sign in to, or create a Cloze account, using a Third
        Party Platform login (for example, by choosing the “Sign in with Google”
        option on the Cloze website);
When you connect a Third Party Platform with your Cloze account we may
        collect your credentials to that Third Party Platform if this is required
        in order to connect;
If you apply for or purchase a Premium Service requiring billing or
        payment information on our Websites, we require that you provide certain
        additional Personal Information, including your address, phone number, and
        credit card number (“Payment Information”). This information is necessary
        to process your requests and to contact you.
We may also collect Personal Information about you from your employer
        when your employer engages us to provide the Services to you. For example,
        we may obtain your name and email address from your employer.
When you utilize the Services, we also receive certain Other Information
    about you or your use of the Services. Such Other Information may be
    collected using various technologies, including:
Logs:
We track the data you see in Cloze and how you interact with it by
        automatically collecting certain information such as, the pages you visit
        or features you use within the Services, the date and time of your
        activities on the Services, the URLs from the websites you visit before and
        after navigating to the Services, your software and hardware attributes
        (including operating system type and version, App version, device type, and
        device identifiers, including IDFA and/or Advertising IDs), your browser
        type and version, and your general geographic location derived through your
        IP address (e.g., your city, state, or metropolitan region). To obtain such
        information, we may use web logs or applications that recognize your device
        and gather information about its online activity. We treat this information
        as Private Data if we combine it with or link it to any of the your
        Personal Information. Otherwise, it is used in aggregate form only. We use
        tracking data about individuals in an aggregated form to inform us about
        how Cloze is being used to help us provide a better user experience.
Cookies:
Like almost all websites today, Cloze uses cookies to determine
        whether you are logged in on your computer and to recognize repeat
        visitors. We send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify
        your browser and improve the quality of our Services. Cookies are small
        pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive
        while you are viewing a site. We may use both session cookies (which expire
        once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your
        computer until you delete them). If you wish to restrict or block the
        cookies which are set by Cloze, or by any other website, you can do this
        through your browser settings. Please note, if you choose to disable
        cookies, some of our Services may not work properly or at all.
Web beacons:
The Services or the emails that you receive from us may use
        an application known as a “web beacon” (also known as a “clear gif” or
        “pixel tag”). A web beacon is an electronic file that usually consists of a
        single-pixel image. It can be embedded in a web page or in an email to
        transmit information. For example, it allows an email sender to determine
        whether a user has opened a particular email.
Local storage:
We may collect and store information (including Personal
        Information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web
        storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
We do not set any cookies outside of the cloze.com and directly related domains.
We also may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use
    some of the Personal and Other information described in this section. For
    example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use web beacons on
    the Services or in email communications from Cloze. This information may be
    used for a variety of purposes, including analytics and online behavioral
    advertising.
Your Content
When you authorize Cloze to access Third Party Platforms, we collect,
    store, and process “Content” on your behalf. Content are all communication
    records and documents (including your contacts, messages, files, call
    records, notes, meetings, email and other similar information) from Third
    Party Platforms that you have authorized Cloze to access, similar
    information you directly enter in Cloze (for example, when sending emails,
    creating new contacts, adding notes, setting reminders, etc.), as well as
    information Cloze discovers and provides to you (for example, public
    information about your contacts, when contacts of yours open emails you
    sent from Cloze, etc.). By its nature, Content will often contain Personal
    Information (for example, an email will contain the sender and recipient’s
    email addresses).
Cloze has no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal
    Information is contained in your Content. An individual who seeks access,
    or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his
    query to you. We provide tools to allow you to export, delete, or update
    Content so you can comply with these requests.
For purposes of applicable data protection laws, we are a “data processor” in relation
    to our customers for their Content and only process such information on their behalf.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use your Personal Information and Other Information collected through
    our Services for the following purposes:
to enable you to share Content and communicate with other users;
to provide our Services or information you request, and to process and
        complete any transactions;
to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests,
        and complaints and provide customer service;
to monitor and analyze usage of the Services and trends, and to
        personalize and improve our Services and our users’ experiences on our
        Services, such as content, or features that match their profiles or
        interests, and to increase the functionality and user friendliness of our
        Services;
to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and
        administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our
        administration and operation of, our Services;
to contact you about the Services in which you have expressed interest or
        that might be of interest to you; and
for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
What does Cloze do with your Content?
As with your Personal Information, we will treat your Content as
    confidential private data except for the uses and disclosures described in
    this Privacy Policy. Your Content is stored securely on our servers and
    will remain private to you, within your Cloze account, unless you choose to
    share or disclose it to another user or service, or as described below when
    you join a Cloze Business Team.
We use a number of technologies to help you get the most out of the
    Service. Our systems automatically analyze your Content to power Cloze
    features and to continually improve the Service for you. This may include,
    for example:
Making sure you find what you’re looking for when you search your
        Content;
Showing you the most relevant contacts in any given situation;
Suggesting actions based on previous communication or other Content;
Suggesting updates to your contacts with new or additional information;
        and
Linking Content to relevant contacts so you see everything related to
        them.
You may explicitly choose to share Content with other Cloze users or with
    Third Party Platforms.
When you share Content with another Cloze user, Cloze provides privacy
    controls to allow to you to choose what information to share (by default,
    Cloze will not share the following Content with your co-workers: home or
    personal addresses from your contacts or messages from friends and
    families). There are many privacy controls within Cloze that you can take
    advantage of to control what information gets shared and when. When you
    choose to share Content with other Cloze users, the shared Content becomes
    Private Data in their Cloze account as well as yours. However, there are no
    restrictions on these users from sharing that Private Data, through the
    Service or otherwise, with any third parties, or using that Private Data
    for any purpose. For example, if you share a note with another Cloze user,
    they could copy, paste, and email that note to a colleague – just as if you
    email someone, they could forward that email to someone else. Once you
    share Content with other users, there are no restrictions on those users
    from sharing that Content through the Services or otherwise with any third
    parties or using the Content for any purpose.
When you authorize a Third Party Platform to access Content from your Cloze
    account (for example, to make contacts in your Cloze account available on
    another device), please be aware that those platforms are not operated by
    Cloze and Cloze is not responsible for the content or practices of those
    platforms. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be
    subject to the privacy policies of the Third Party Platforms, and not this
    Policy.
What Content gets shared when you join a Cloze Business Team?
If you accept an invitation to join a Cloze Business Team, some of your
    Content, or aggregate information about your business-related Content, may
    be shared with other team members automatically, while other Content will
    only be shared if you choose to share it. Summary Information and some
    Contact Information may be shared automatically, while Communications
    Information will be shared only after you have been presented with the
    opportunity to approve or decline sharing.
Summary Information:
Summary information may be visible to other team members at any time,
        but the content of your communication and your contact information will
        not be visible. Some examples of summary information are counts of the
        number of calls, emails, and other communication you have exchanged
        with business (not personal) contacts, and when you last communicated
        with a business (not personal) contact.
Contact Information:
When you are assigned to follow-up with a business contact or you are
        added to a project or deal team, you will be notified, and
        business-related contact information (such as work email addresses –
        not home, personal, or private fields) may be shared with your team.
        You can separately control whether communication will be visible to
        other team members. Any contacts that you have flagged as personal or
        private will never have contact information shared with your team.
Communications:
Details of your communications with business contacts are only shared
        once you have been notified and have had a chance to either approve or
        deny sharing either in bulk or on a per message basis. Cloze provides
        many privacy controls to allow you to choose what content is shared and
        when. Any contacts that you have flagged as personal or private will
        never have their communication information shared with your team.
What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
Cloze exists to make your professional network more actionable, not to sell
    your data. However, we share personal information as follows:
Service Providers, Agents and Related Third Parties:
We sometimes hire other companies to help us provide the Services to you.
    Examples include third-party payment processors, companies who send emails
    on our behalf, and providers who are working with us in connection with the
    operation of our Services. Such service providers are only provided with
    the information they need to perform their specific function, will only use
    your Personal Information to perform the services requested by us, and we
    make efforts to ensure they are subject to confidentiality restrictions
    consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Requests to other Cloze users (and non-users):
Some communications you initiate through Cloze (e.g., an invitation sent to
    a non-user or a task you assign to another Cloze user) will list your
    primary email address and name in the header of the message.
Contact Enrichment:
In order to ensure your contacts are as complete and accurate as
    possible, we may search for public information about your contacts in
    Third-Party Platforms you have connected to your Cloze account. In
    addition, we may check for public information about your contacts from
    third party data providers. In order to do so, we share a subset of
    information from your contacts (such as your contact’s email address), but
    do not disclose any information about you to the data provider (the data
    provider does not know on whose behalf we are making the requests). In such
    cases, we require such third parties to agree to confidentiality
    restrictions and to meet privacy standards at least as stringent as ours in
    protecting your data for such purpose.
Content Creation:
Your Cloze subscription may include generative AI which writes content
    (newsletters, drip campaigns, emails, etc.) for you given prompts
    and other information you explicitly provide for this purpose. We may
    share this information, which may include personal information, with third parties
    in order to find, curate, and generate content for you.
Your direct sharing of Personal Information through third-party
        websites and services:
The Services may enable you to explicitly share Content with websites or
    online services operated by third parties. For example, the Services
    contain links to third-party websites that incorporate comment and social
    media features. The Services also contains a Facebook “like” button and a
    Twitter “follow” button. If you choose to use these features, you may
    disclose your personal information not just to those Third-Party Platforms,
    but also to their users and the public more generally. Because these
    Third-Party Platforms are not operated by Cloze, Cloze is not responsible
    for the content or practices of those platforms. The collection, use, and
    disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of
    the Third-Party Platforms, and not this Policy.
Third-party plugins:
The Services integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook
    “like” button). Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may
    collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that
    you view. They also may set and/or access a cookie. These plugins are
    governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Facebook Custom Audiences and Similar Programs:
We may partner with Facebook and other social media partners to deliver
    advertisements to our users via the Facebook Custom Audiences program or
    similar third-party programs. In order to identify and reach our users on
    Facebook or another third-party service, we may share information such as
    your Cloze user account's primary email address with Facebook or another third-party
    service (we will never share your Content for this purpose). For more information
    about custom audience targeting and how to adjust your social media advertising preferences,
    please review the privacy policy of your social media provider.
With Your Consent:
We may share your Personal Information when you give us your consent to do
    so, including if we notify you on our Services that the information you
    provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such
    information.
Legal Processes:
We may also disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law
    or when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or
    required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate
    to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or
    legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or
    court orders; when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our
    rights or the rights, property or safety of others; to enforce or apply our
    Privacy Policy, our Terms of Service or our other policies or agreements.
Business Transfers:
We might sell or buy business assets. We may share your Personal
    Information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale
    of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation
    where Personal Information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the
    business assets of us.
Analytics:
We partner with certain third parties to collect the Other Information
    discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and
    reporting. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they
    may set and access cookies or use similar tracking technologies on your
    computer or other device. In particular, our Services use Google Analytics
    and Mixpanel. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics
here
,
    and Mixpanel
here
.
Online Interest-Based Advertising:
The Services also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect your
    Other Information for use in online interest-based advertising. For
    example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our website or
    used our mobile app to target online ads to you. In addition, our
    third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of
    our website or app to help target advertisements based on your online
    activity in general. For information about interest-based advertising
    practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
website or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
website.
The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those
    third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this privacy policy. If you
    prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your
    computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies.
    Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of
    companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out
here
, or of
    companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out
here
. If you are an
    individual of the EU, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you may opt-out
here
. Although our Services
    currently do not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit
    tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the other steps
    discussed above.
Please note that the opt-out will apply only to the specific browser or
    device from which you opt out, and therefore you will need to opt out
    separately on all of your browsers and devices. If you delete or reset your
    cookies or mobile identifiers, change browsers, or use a different device,
    any opt-out cookie or tool may no longer work and you will have to opt out
    again.
Aggregated or Deidentified Information:
We may share aggregated or deidentified demographic information about our user base with
    our partners. Such aggregated or deidentified information does not identify individual
    users. We do not link this aggregate or deidentified user data with personal information.
    Our Privacy Policy does not restrict or limit our collection and use of
    aggregate user data.
User Communications
You may choose to provide us with another person's e-mail address so that
    person may be invited to create an account on our Service. By providing us
    with another person's e-mail address, you represent to us that you have
    obtained the consent of the person concerned as regards such disclosure to
    us of that e-mail address. We may disclose such information if required to
    do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites. Any Personal Information you
    provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is
    subject to that third party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not
    apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or
    privacy and security practices and policies of these sites or any other
    sites that are linked to from our Services.
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?
We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures
    to protect your Personal Information and Your Content in an effort to prevent loss, misuse
    and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. This includes,
    but is not limited to, encryption of your data at rest and in motion. Please be
    aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect
    or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed
    against any interception or other type of misuse.
What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information?
You may withdraw your consent to process your Personal Information at any
    time. If you do so, you will be unable to use the Services.
You may “opt out” of receiving marketing or promotional communications from
    us by following the instructions in those communications or by emailing us
    at unsubscribe@cloze.com. If you opt out, we may still send you
    non-promotional emails, such as emails about your Cloze account or our
    ongoing business relations.
Your Rights: Reviewing, Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in your
    account from within the Service itself or by contacting us at
    support@cloze.com. By deleting your data in your account, we may deactivate
    your account. You may request deletion of your data at any time. Your
    account may be closed after a period of inactivity. You also authorize
    us, on your behalf, and in accordance with your account preferences to
    delete information when not reasonably needed for the Services. If you have
    shared your Content with others and they have not deleted it, or it was
    copied or stored by other users, Cloze will not be obligated to delete such
    information.
To the extent we are a data controller in relation to the Personal Information we process about
    you and you are a resident of a jurisdiction with an applicable data privacy law, you may have
    certain additional rights available to you in relation to your Personal Information. These rights may include:
The right to be informed about our data collection practices;
The right to access and correct your data;
The right to erase or delete your data;
The right to data portability;
The right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your information;
The right to opt out of targeted advertising;
The right to opt-out of marketing emails and text messages;
The right to limit our use of certain automated decision-making processes; and
The right to withdraw consent (to the extent applicable).
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please contact us using the information below. We will respond
    to your request as soon as reasonably possible and within the timeframe required under applicable law.
    Prior to complying with your request, we will first verify your identity by comparing the information you
    provide with the information we have on file for you.
Additionally, you may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent,
    please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent
    to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide
    information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to appeal any decision we made regarding your data rights
    or to file a complaint with your local data protection authority.
    The EU Commission provides a list of supervisory authorities here:
Data Protection Authorities
.
Our supervisory authority in Ireland is the Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
    The Irish Data Protection Commissioner may be contacted at info@dataprotection.ie.
Retention of Your Information
We retain information for as long as reasonably necessary to deliver our
    Services to you or to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. You
    may delete the Personal Information in your account as described above.
    Please note that, in limited circumstances, we may retain information for a
    longer period of time as required by law.
Minors
Our Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. We do not
    knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If a parent
    or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
    Personal Information, he or she should contact us at support@cloze.com. If
    we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal
    Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files.
International Transfers
The Services are operated from and hosted on servers located in the United
    States. Your information may be transferred around the world to countries
    in which we do business, including to affiliates, service providers or
    third parties, which may be located in jurisdictions that may not have the
    same level of data protection laws as those in your home country. By using
    the Services or by providing any personal information to us, you expressly
    consent to such transfer and processing.
Information for European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Swiss Users
Whenever we share information of European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Swiss users outside
    the EEA or Switzerland we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place.
Cloze complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to
    the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the
    U.S. Department of Commerce.

    Cloze has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy
    Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data
    received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and
    the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.

    Cloze has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data
    Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of
    personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.

    If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S.
    DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.

    To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification,
    please visit
dataprivacyframework.gov
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,
    Cloze commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection or use of
    your personal information.

    EEA, UK, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal
    data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF or the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,
    or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Cloze.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,
    Cloze commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning
    our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF
    and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to an independent
    dispute resolution mechanism, the Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by Better
    Business Bureau (BBB). If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related
    complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your
    satisfaction, please visit
BBB Data Privacy Framework Services
for
    more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided at no cost to you.
Under certain limited conditions, if your complaint is not resolved through these channels,
    it may be possible for individuals to invoke binding arbitration as the method for dispute resolution
    in accordance with the requirements and procedures set forth in
ANNEX I
.
    The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over Cloze’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF
    and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.

    Cloze also has potential liability in cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU, UK,
    or Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles.
Please note that Prighter Group with its local partners has been appointed as Cloze's representative in the
    European Union and United Kingdom for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR.
    Prighter can be contacted, in addition to
    privacy@cloze.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry,
    please contact Prighter using this
Article 27 Representative Contact Form
.
With respect to the Personal Information received or transferred pursuant
    to the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Cloze is subject to the regulatory
    enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain
    situations, Cloze may be required to disclose Personal Information in
    response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
    national security or law enforcement requirements.
Lawful Bases for Processing
We will only collect and process Personal Information about you where we
    have lawful bases. Our lawful bases include consent (where you have given
    consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a
    contract with you, such as when you purchase a Premium Service) and our
    legitimate interests (such as to comply with applicable laws and enable or
    administer our business).
Information for California Residents
If you are a California resident under 18 years of age and a registered
    user of our Services, you may request that we remove content and
    information that you publicly post on our Services. To obtain removal of
    such content and information, please send us an email at privacy@cloze.com
    with a short description of the content or information you would like to
    have removed. Please note that such a request does not necessarily ensure
    complete or comprehensive removal of content posted by you, since the
    content and information may remain in our databases, may remain visible in
    a manner that does not identify you, or may have been re-posted by another
    user.
If you are a resident of California and we are a data controller in relation to your
    Personal Information, you may have additional privacy rights available to you.
    Please review our
California Privacy Notice
for those additional rights.
Third Party Platform Policies
Some Third Party Providers require we explicitly reference their terms.
Cloze's use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
    For purposes of clarity, all Google User Data is treated as Content according to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Cloze may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to
    change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page with an
    “effective date” indicating when the changes will take effect. We encourage
    you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you have questions or
    concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
    privacy@cloze.com.
Questions?
Please contact us at privacy@cloze.com if you have any questions about our
    Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 2025 Cloze, Inc. CLOZE is a service mark and trademark of Cloze, Inc.
        All rights reserved.
Twitter / X
|
Facebook
|
Privacy
|
Terms
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers:
BBB National Programs uses cookies and similar technologies to give you the best possible content and experience. If you click "Accept,” cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and other media. If you have a business relationship with us, we may link this usage data with your contact information. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
.
If you click “Decline,” only cookies that are necessary for performance and usability will be saved on your computer.
Accept
Decline
Home
Programs
Privacy Accountability
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Services
For Consumers: Dispute Resolution Process
DPF Services Dispute Resolution Process
Welcome to the BBB National Programs consumer complaint system. BBB National Programs, a non-profit organization based in the United States, helps individual consumers resolve privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program.
If you are an individual in the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, or other participating countries with a privacy complaint against a participating U.S. business, you may submit the complaint to our program. Our process is free of charge for individual consumers.
About the Process
We help you understand your redress options to ensure business accountability.
Our no-cost online process provides prompt, thorough handling of privacy inquiries and complaints.
Our long-established independent non-profit organization ensures consumer complaints are heard and addressed.
Procedures are detailed in our Rules and casework is published in our annual Procedure Reports.
How to File a Complaint
Step 1
:
Contact the business at the address listed in its privacy policy.
Step 2
:
Await a reply. The business must respond within 45 days.
Step 3
:
File your complaint with BBB National Programs.
Step 4
:
Engage in our dispute resolution process as we work to resolve your complaint with the business.
Step 5
:
If issues remain, you may have additional redress options.
BBB National Programs will review all eligible complaints and help you and the participating business reach a resolution as described in
our
program’s Rules
. A Participating Business must comply with BBB National Programs' final determination of any dispute. However, our process is non-binding on the consumer, which means that using our dispute resolution process will not affect your legal rights as an individual.
Is your complaint eligible for resolution?
Your complaint must concern personal data about you that was collected in a covered country and received in the United States by a Participating Business.
1. Eligible individual.
Your complaint concerns personal data about you (or your child under 13 years old).
2. Covered country.
Your personal data was collected in one of the following countries:
European Union: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden
European Economic Area: Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway
The United Kingdom
Switzerland
3. Participating business.
Your personal data was received in the United States by a U.S. organization that is both:
Self-certified under the Data Privacy Framework Program, and
A Participating Business with BBB National Programs (you may search our list of current participants when you file your complaint).
4. Complaint or inquiry.
Your complaint must allege a violation of the Data Privacy Framework Principles by the Participating Business or assert your rights under the Principles in relation to your personal data.
Please reach out to the U.S. business via the contact information listed on its privacy policy before filing your complaint with BBB National Programs. The business has 45 days to respond to your inquiry.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Privacy Shield was recently replaced by the Data Privacy Framework Program, a mechanism for legally transferring personal data from the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), Switzerland, or other participating countries to the United States. Designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce to support transatlantic commerce in coordination with the European Commission, these mechanisms promote greater transparency around international data processing and enable U.S. businesses to demonstrate that their privacy practices meet data protection requirements such as GDPR, including enhanced protections for consumers. Privacy Shield was officially replaced by the Data Privacy Framework Program in July 2023.
Among other requirements, a participating organization must provide you:
Information on the types of personal data collected;
Information on the purposes of collection and use;
Information on the type or identity of third parties to which your personal data is disclosed;
Choices for limiting use and disclosure of your personal data;
Access to your personal data;
Notification of the organization’s liability if it transfers your personal data;
Notification of the requirement to disclose your personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities;
Reasonable and appropriate security for your personal data;
A response to your complaint within 45 days;
Cost-free independent dispute resolution to address your data protection concerns; and
The ability to invoke binding arbitration to address any complaint that the organization has violated its obligations under the Principles to you and that has not been resolved by other means.
For more than 20 years, BBB National Programs, a non-profit organization based in the United States, has operated an approved independent dispute resolution mechanism. We help EU, UK, and Swiss individuals resolve privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework Program, and previously under Privacy Shield.
You can learn more about the steps to file a complaint by visiting this page:
For Consumers
.
Principles & Procedures
When a U.S. business joins the Data Privacy Framework Program, it makes a public commitment that its processing of European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, or other participating countries', personal data will meet the data protection standards embodied in the
Principles
.
A business that chooses BBB National Programs as its IRM agrees to follow our Procedure Rules when responding to privacy complaints, and to keep the same promise to the individuals who make use of our dispute resolution service.
Resources for Consumers
Select Language
English
Spanish
Sub-policy 2
https://www.cloze.com/app/legal/ca-privacy-notice:
Platform
Resources
Company
Sign In
Try it Now
Schedule a Demo
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act and
    the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”) provide you
    with certain rights regarding your Personal Information, including the right
    to know about Personal Information collected, disclosed, or sold; the right
    to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from
    you; the right to update or correct your information; the right to opt-out
    of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information; the right to limit our
    use of your sensitive Personal Information; and the right not to be
    discriminated against for exercising your rights. These rights are subject
    to certain exceptions. You may also visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we protect your information.
Any capitalized terms in this California Privacy Notice that are not
    otherwise defined have the same meaning as they do in the CCPA or in our
    Privacy Policy. This California Privacy Notice also serves as our “Notice at
    Collection” under the CCPA.
Please note that this California Privacy Notice only applies to the extent
    that we are a data controller (or “Business”) in relation to the processing
    of Personal Information. To the extent that we are a data processor (or
    “Service Provider”) in relation to the Processing of Personal Information
    (such as in relation to Customer Content), this California Privacy Notice
    may not apply.
Collection of Personal Information
If you use our Services, we may collect information that identifies, relates
    to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could
    reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or
    household (“Personal Information”).
    We may have collected the following categories of Personal Information
    about you over the past 12 months:
Identifiers, such as your name and email address.
Categories of Personal Information described in subdivision (e) of
        California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your name, address, or
        payment information.
Log-in credentials, such as your username and password.
Commercial information including records of your purchases with us.
Professional or employment-related information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your
        cookies or other unique identifiers, log data, or web beacons.
Geolocation data, in order to enable synchronization of data between our
        Services.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.
We collect the Personal Information listed above from the following sources:
From you directly, when you provide it to us.
Automatically from your browser, device, or from our Services.
Through actions, such as communications, initiated by our Customers.
Through certain third parties, such as analytics providers and
        advertising networks.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In the last 12 months, we may have disclosed
    for our business purposes the following categories of Personal Information
    subject to the CCPA:
Identifiers, such as your name and email address.
Categories of Personal Information described in subdivision (e) of
        California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your name, address, or
        payment information.
Log-in credentials, such as your username and password.
Commercial information including records of your purchases with us.
Professional or employment-related information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your
        cookies or other unique identifiers, log data, or web beacons.
Geolocation data, in order to enable synchronization of data between our
        Services.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.
We may have disclosed or shared any of the information listed above with:
Our service providers and contractors, including app developers and data
        providers.
Cloze users and non-users as related to actions, initiated by our
        Customers, such as communications.
Analytics providers and advertising networks.
Other third parties when necessary to fulfill your requests for
        Services, to complete a transaction that you initiate, to meet the terms
        of any agreement that you have with us or our partners; or to manage our
        business.
Other third parties for a legal purpose (such as in response to a court
        order or to defend against a legal claim).
Other third parties when necessary to investigate, prevent, or take
        action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our
        terms and conditions, or situations involving threats to our property or
        the property or physical safety of any person or third party.
Other third parties in the event of corporate sale, merger,
        reorganization, financing due diligence, dissolution, or similar event.
Purposes for Processing Personal Information
We may collect or disclose your Personal Information to the entities listed
    above for the following purposes:
To enable you to share Content and communicate with other users;
To provide our Services or information you request, and to process and
        complete any transactions;
To respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests,
        and complaints and provide customer service;
To monitor and analyze usage of the Services and trends, and to
        personalize and improve our Services and our users’ experiences on our
        Services, such as content, or features that match their profiles or
        interests, and to increase the functionality and user friendliness of
        our Services;
To send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and
        administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our
        administration and operation of, our Services;
To contact you about the Services in which you have expressed interest
        or that might be of interest to you; and
For any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Your Rights
If we maintain Personal Information about you that is subject to the CCPA,
    you may exercise certain rights in connection with this data if you are a
    California resident.
Please note that, in some situations, Cloze has no direct relationship with
    the individuals whose Personal Information we process and is Service
    Provider to its Customers in relation to such information. In these
    situations, we may forward your request to correct, amend, or delete
    inaccurate data to the Customers to whom you relate to directly. We provide
    tools to allow our Customers to export, delete, or update information so
    that they can comply with these requests.
Right to Know
California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain
        information about our collection and use of your Personal Information
        over the past twelve months (“Right to Know”). Once we receive and
        confirm your verifiable
    consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected
        about you.
The categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed for a
        business or commercial purpose.
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing
        Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share or disclose that
        Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you
        (i.e., a data portability request).
Right to Delete
California residents have the right to request that we delete the Personal
    Information that we collected from you and retain, subject to certain
    exceptions (“Right to Delete”). Once we receive and verify your request, we
    will delete (and direct our service providers/contractors to delete) your
    Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Correct
California residents have the right to correct or amend the Personal
    Information we have on file (“Right to Correct”). You may correct or amend
    by logging into your account or by contacting us using the information
    below.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to opt-out of the
    “sale” or “sharing” of their Personal Information (“Right to Opt Out”). Our
    Services enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect your information
    for use in online interest-based advertising, which may be considered to be
    “sharing” under the CCPA. You may remove yourself from the targeted
    advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting
    out
here
, or of
    companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out
here
.
We do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of children under
    the age of 16.
Right to Limit the Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to limit the use of
    their “sensitive Personal Information” for the purposes outlined in 11 CCR §
    7027(m) of the CCPA.
We do not use your sensitive Personal Information for any purposes
    outside of those permitted in 11 CCR § 7027(m).
Right to Nondiscrimination
The CCPA provides California residents with the right not to receive
    discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred
    by the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your
    CCPA rights.
Exercising Your Rights
If you are a California resident and wish to exercise your Right to Know,
    Right to Delete, or Right to Correct, you may submit a
    request to us by email at privacy@cloze.com or by regular mail addressed to:
Cloze, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer at Cloze, Inc.
396 Washington St., Suite 138
Wellesley, Massachusetts 02481
When you submit a request, we will confirm your identity by asking you to
    provide information associated with what we have on file for you, including
    your name, email address, and other identifying information. We may only be
    able to comply with your request after we have verified your identity.
Authorized Agent
You may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an
    agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the
    agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a
    power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow
    us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected
    Personal Information.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Information about you necessary to fulfill the purpose
    for which that information was collected or as required or permitted by law.
    We do not retain Personal Information longer than is necessary for us to
    achieve the purposes for which we collected it. When we destroy your
    Personal Information, we do so in a way that prevents that information from
    being restored or reconstructed. By accessing our Services, you authorize
    us, on your behalf, and in accordance with your account preferences to
    delete information when not reasonably needed for the Services.
Shine the Light Law
In addition to the CCPA, California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code
    section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from
    California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to
    disclosing Personal Information to third parties for the third parties'
    direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose Personal Information to third
    parties for this purpose.
Contact for More Information
If you wish to contact us regarding this California Privacy Notice, you may
    do so by email at
privacy@cloze.com
or by regular mail addressed to:
Cloze, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer at Cloze, Inc.
396 Washington St., Suite 138
Wellesley, Massachusetts 02481
Copyright © 2025 Cloze, Inc. CLOZE is a service mark and trademark of Cloze, Inc.
        All rights reserved.
Twitter / X
|
Facebook
|
Privacy
|
Terms