Group
Created with Sketch.
Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_wht_092917
Created with Sketch.
kv
Created with Sketch.
kv
Created with Sketch.
kv
Created with Sketch.
16
SUN
cn-appstore
Created with Sketch.
下载
Download_on_the_Mac_App_Store_Badge_CNSC_RGB_wht_092917
cn-play
Created with Sketch.
下载安装文件
en-appstore
Created with Sketch.
en-appstore copy
en-play
Created with Sketch.
ic_ag
Created with Sketch.
Group
Created with Sketch.
Group
Created with Sketch.
Group 10
Created with Sketch.
GRID
DIARY
“
Created with Sketch.
Clip 2
Created with Sketch.
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 02/12/2020
Last Updated: 02/12/2020
1. Introduction
Welcome to Xiamen Sumi Network Technology Co., Ltd.
Xiamen Sumi Network Technology Co., Ltd. ("us", "we", or "our") operates
https://griddiaryapp.com
and Grid Diary mobile application (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to
https://griddiaryapp.com
and Grid Diary mobile application, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Our Terms and Conditions ("Terms") govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”).
2.    Definitions
SERVICE means the
https://griddiaryapp.com
website and Grid Diary mobile application operated by Xiamen Sumi Network Technology Co., Ltd.
PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
3.    Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
4.    Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
(a)    Email address
(b)    First name and last name
(c)    Phone number
(d)    Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
(e)    Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
(a)    Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
(b)    Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
(c)    Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
(d)    Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
5.    Use of Data
Xiamen Sumi Network Technology Co., Ltd. uses the collected data for various purposes:
(a)    to provide and maintain our Service;
(b)    to notify you about changes to our Service;
(c)    to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
(d)    to provide customer support;
(e)    to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
(f)    to monitor the usage of our Service;
(g)    to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
(h)    to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
(i)    to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
(j)    to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
(k)    to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
(l)    in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
(m)    for any other purpose with your consent.
6.    Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
7.    Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Xiamen Sumi Network Technology Co., Ltd. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
8.    Disclosure of Data
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
(a)    Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
(b)    Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
(c)    Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
(i)    to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
(ii)    to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
(iii)    with your consent in any other cases;
9.    Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
10.    Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. – See more at
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at
support@griddiary.app
.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
(a)    the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;
(b)    the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
(c)    the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;
(d)    the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;
(e)    the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
(f)    the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
11.    Your Data Protection Rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at:
https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
(a)    users can visit our site anonymously;
(b)    our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can easily be found on the page specified above on the home page of our website;
(c)    users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page;
(d)    users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at
support@griddiary.app
.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals:
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
12.    Your Data Protection Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a California resident, you are entitled to learn what data we collect about you, ask to delete your data and not to sell (share) it. To exercise your data protection rights, you can make certain requests and ask us:
(a)    What personal information we have about you. If you make this request, we will return to you:
(i)    The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
(ii)    The categories of sources from which we collect your personal information.
(iii)    The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
(iv)    The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
(v)    The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
(vi)    A list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the category of any other company we sold it to. If we have not sold your personal information, we will inform you of that fact.
(vii)    A list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, along with the category of any other company we shared it with.
Please note, you are entitled to ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to the personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months.
(b)    To delete your personal information. If you make this request, we will delete the personal information we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information. If you choose to delete your personal information, you may not be able to use certain functions that require your personal information to operate.
(c)    To stop selling your personal information. We don't sell or rent your personal information to any third parties for any purpose. You are the only owner of your Personal Data and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.
Please note, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require the usage of your personal information to function. But in no circumstances, we will discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
To exercise your California data protection rights described above, please send your request(s) by one of the following means:
By email:
support@griddiary.app
By visiting this page on our website:
https://griddiaryapp.com
Your data protection rights, described above, are covered by the CCPA, short for the California Consumer Privacy Act. To find out more, visit the official California Legislative Information website. The CCPA took effect on 01/01/2020.
13.    Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
14.    Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
15.    CI/CD tools
We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.
GitHub
GitHub is provided by GitHub, Inc.
GitHub is a development platform to host and review code, manage projects, and build software.
For more information on what data GitHub collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit GitHub Privacy Policy page:
https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement
.
Fastlane
Fastlane is provided by Google, Inc.
Fastlane is a continuous delivery tool for iOS and Android apps.
For more information on what data Fastlane collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit the Google Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
16.    Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app” page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
17.    Behavioral Remarketing
Xiamen Sumi Network Technology Co., Ltd. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on –
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
– for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions:
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
18.    Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal or Braintree:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Apple Store In-App Payments:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
/
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203027
Google Play In-App Payments:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us
/
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en
Stripe:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
WeChat:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html
Alipay:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://render.alipay.com/p/f/agreementpages/alipayglobalprivacypolicy.html
19.    Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
20.    Children's Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that ce have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
21.    Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
22.    Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
support@griddiary.app
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement:
Skip to main content
Home
Site policy
GitHub Terms
GitHub Terms of Service
GitHub Corporate Terms of Service
GitHub Terms for Additional Products and Features
GitHub Community Guidelines
GitHub Community Code of Conduct
GitHub Pre-release License Terms
GitHub Sponsors Additional Terms
GitHub Registered Developer Agreement
GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service
GitHub Marketplace Developer Agreement
GitHub Research Program Terms
GitHub Open Source Applications Terms and Conditions
GitHub Event Terms
GitHub Event Code of Conduct
GitHub Educational Use Agreement
GitHub Copilot Extension Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policies
GitHub Acceptable Use Policies
Active Malware or Exploits
Bullying and Harassment
Disrupting the Experience of Other Users
Doxxing and Invasion of Privacy
Hate Speech and Discrimination
Impersonation
Misinformation and Disinformation
Sexually Obscene Content
Threats of Violence and Gratuitously Violent Content
GitHub Appeal and Reinstatement
Privacy Policies
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub Subprocessors
GitHub Cookies
GitHub Codespaces Privacy Statement
GitHub Candidate Privacy Policy
Other Site Policies
GitHub and Trade Controls
GitHub Deceased User Policy
GitHub Logo Policy
GitHub Government Takedown Policy
GitHub Username Policy
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
GitHub Account Recovery Policy
Content Removal Policies
Submitting content removal requests
DMCA Takedown Policy
GitHub Private Information Removal Policy
GitHub Trademark Policy
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Counter Notice
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice
Security Policies
Coordinated Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
GitHub Bug Bounty Program Legal Safe Harbor
GitHub SIRT description RFC 2350
GitHub Company Policies
GitHub Statement Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor
GitHub Anti-Bribery Statement
GitHub GPL Cooperation Commitment
GitHub Gifts and Entertainment Policy
Site policy
/
Privacy Policies
/
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub General Privacy Statement
In this article
GitHub Privacy Statement
Personal Data We Collect
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing of Personal Data
Private repositories: GitHub Access
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
Your Privacy Rights
International data transfers
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
Security and Retention
Security
Contact Us
Information for Minors
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Translations
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
US State Specific Information
GitHub Privacy Statement
Effective date: February 1, 2024
Welcome to the GitHub Privacy Statement. This is where we describe how we handle your “Personal Data”, which is information that is directly linked or can be linked to you. It applies to the Personal Data that GitHub, Inc. or GitHub B.V., processes as the “Data Controller” when you interact with websites, applications, and services that display this Statement (collectively, “Services”). This Statement does not apply to services or products that do not display this Statement, such as Previews, where relevant.
End User Notice: Organization-Provided GitHub Accounts
When a school or employer supplies your GitHub account, they assume the role of Data Controller for most Personal Data used in our Services. This enables them to:
Manage and administer your GitHub account, including adjusting privacy settings.
Access and utilize your Personal Data, which includes details on how you use the Services, as well as your content and files.
Should you access a GitHub Service through an account provided by an organization, such as your employer or school, the organization becomes the Data Controller, and this Privacy Statement's direct applicability to you changes. Even so, GitHub remains dedicated to preserving your privacy rights. In such circumstances, GitHub functions as a Data Processor, adhering to the Data Controller's instructions regarding your Personal Data's processing. A Data Protection Agreement governs the relationship between GitHub and the Data Controller. For further details regarding their privacy practices, please refer to the privacy statement of the organization providing your account.
In cases where your organization grants access to GitHub products, GitHub acts as the Data Controller solely for specific processing activities. These activities are clearly defined in a contractual agreement with your organization, known as a Data Protection Agreement. You can review our standard Data Protection Agreement at
GitHub Data Protection Agreement
. For those limited purposes, this Statement governs the handling of your Personal Data. For all other aspects of GitHub product usage, your organization's policies apply.
Third Party Access and Data Protection
When you use third-party extensions, integrations, or follow references and links within our Services, the privacy policies of these third parties apply to any Personal Data you provide or consent to share with them. Their privacy statements will govern how this data is processed.
Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data is collected from you directly, automatically from your device, and also from third parties. The Personal Data GitHub processes when you use the Services depends on variables like how you interact with our Services (such as through web interfaces, desktop or mobile applications), the features you use (such as pull requests, Codespaces, or GitHub Copilot) and your method of accessing the Services (your preferred IDE). Below, we detail the information we collect through each of these channels:
From You
Account Data: We collect certain information when you open an account such as your GitHub handle, name, email address, password, payment information and transaction information.
User Content and Files: When you use our Services, we collect Personal Data included as part of the information you provide such as code, inputs, text, documents, images, or feedback.
Demographic information: In some cases, you provide us with ethnicity, gender, or similar demographic details.
Feedback Data: This consists of information you submit through surveys, reviews, or interactive features.
Payment Information: For paid subscriptions, we collect details like name, billing address, and payment specifics.
Profile Information: We collect information to create a user profile, which may include a photo, additional email addresses, job title, or biography.
Sales and Marketing Data: This includes information provided for promotional communications, such as name, email address, and company name.
Support Data: When you seek customer support, we collect details like code, text, or multimedia files.
Automatically
Buttons, Tools, and Content from Other Companies: Our Services may contain links or buttons that lead to third-party services like Twitter or LinkedIn. Use of these features may result in data collection. Engaging with these buttons, tools, or content may automatically send certain browser information to these companies. Please review the privacy statements of these companies for more information.
Essential Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use cookies and similar technologies to provide essential functionality like storing settings and recognizing you while using our Services.
Non-essential Cookies: Depending on your jurisdiction, we may use online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how de-identified users use our Services and to enhance your experience when you use the Services. We may also employ third-party Cookies to gather data for interest-based advertising. In some jurisdictions, we only use non-essential cookies after obtaining your consent. See
this
section for more details and control options.
Email Marketing Interactions: Our emails may have web beacons that offer information on your device type, email client, email reception, opens, and link clicks.
Geolocation Information: Depending on the Service's functionality, we collect regional geolocation data.
Service Usage Information: We collect data about your interactions with the Services, such as IP address, device information, session details, date and time of requests, device type and ID, operating system and application version, information related to your contributions to repositories, and performance of specific features or Services.
Website Usage Data: We automatically log data about your Website interactions, including the referring site, date and time of visit, pages viewed, and links clicked.
From Third Parties
Information from Other Users of the Services: Other users may share information about you when they submit issues and comments. We may also receive information about you if you are identified as a representative or administrator on your company's account.
Publicly Available Sources: We may acquire information about you from publicly available sources like public GitHub repositories.
Services you linked to your GitHub account: When you or your administrator integrate third-party apps or services with our Services, we receive information based on your settings with those services. This can include details like your name and email from services like Google for authentication. The information we receive depends on the third-party's settings and privacy policies. Always review these to understand what data is shared with our Services.
Vendors, Partners, and Affiliates: We may receive information about you from third parties, like vendors, resellers, partners, or affiliates for the purposes outlined in this statement.
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
The Personal Data we process depends on your interaction and access methods with our Services, including the interfaces (web, desktop, mobile apps), features used (pull requests, Codespaces, GitHub Copilot), and your preferred access tools (like your IDE). This section details all the potential ways GitHub may process your Personal Data:
Business Operations: We use Personal Data for activities like billing, accounting, and compensation. This includes creating aggregated statistical data for internal reporting, financial reporting, revenue planning, capacity planning, and forecast modeling (including product strategy).
Communication: We use Personal Data to inform you about new Services, features, offers, promotions, and other pertinent information. This also includes sending confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.
Inference: We generate new information from other data we collect to derive likely preferences or other characteristics. For instance, we infer your general geographic location based on your IP address.
Personalization: We use Personal Data to customize the Service to your preferences, to evaluate the effectiveness of enterprise business ads and promotional communications, and to ensure a seamless and consistent user experience.
Safety and Security: To promote safety, integrity, and security across our Services, we process Personal Data, using both automated and, at times, manual techniques for abuse detection, prevention, and violations of terms of service.
Service Provision: We use Personal Data to deliver and update our Services as configured and used by You, and to make ongoing personalized experiences and recommendations.
Troubleshooting: We use Personal Data to identify and resolve technical issues.
Ongoing Service Performance: Personal Data helps us keep the Services up to date and performant, and meet user productivity, reliability, efficacy, quality, privacy, accessibility and security needs.
Complying with and resolving legal obligations: including responding to Data Subject Requests for Personal Data processed by GitHub as Controller (for example website data), tax requirements, agreements and disputes.
Delivering Professional Services: We use Personal Data to deliver training, consulting or implementation (“Professional Services”). This includes providing technical support, professional planning, advice, guidance, data migration, deployment, and solution/software development services.
Improving Professional Services: Enhancing delivery, efficacy, quality, and security of Professional Services and the underlying product(s) based on issues identified while providing Professional Services, including fixing software defects, and otherwise keeping the Professional Services up to date and performant.
When carrying out these activities, GitHub practices data minimization and uses the minimum amount of Personal Information required.
Sharing of Personal Data
We may share Personal Data with the following recipients:
Abuse and Fraud Prevention Entities: We may disclose Personal Data based on a good faith belief it is needed to prevent fraud, abuse, or attacks on our Services, or to protect the safety of GitHub and our users.
Affiliates: Personal Data may be shared with GitHub affiliates, including Microsoft, to facilitate customer service, marketing and advertising, order fulfillment, billing, technical support, and legal and compliance obligations. Our affiliates may only use the Personal Data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
GitHub Organization Accounts: If an organization adds you to their GitHub account, we might share Personal Data with that organization to fulfill the commercial relationship. In such a case, your use of the Services is protected by a data protection agreement and terms between your organization and GitHub
Competent Authorities: We may disclose Personal Data to authorized law enforcement, regulators, courts, or other public authorities in response to lawful requests or to protect our rights and safety. Please refer to our
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
for more information.
Corporate Transaction Entities: we might disclose Personal Data within the limits of the law and in accordance with this Privacy Statement for strategic business transactions such as sales or a merger.
Partners and Resellers: We cooperate with third-parties that offer sales, consulting, support, and technical services for our Services. We may share your data with these partners and resellers where allowed, and with your consent when required.
Subprocessors and Service Providers: We may use vendors to provide services on our behalf, including hosting, marketing, advertising, social, analytics, support ticketing, credit card processing, or security services. They are bound by contractual obligations to ensure the security, privacy, and confidentiality of your information. Please visit
https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-subprocessors
to see our list of Subprocessors.
Visual Studio Code (GitHub Codespaces): GitHub Codespaces and github.dev offer Visual Studio Code in a web browser, where some telemetry is collected by default. Details on telemetry collection are on the
VS Code website
. To opt out, go to File > Preferences > Settings in the top left menu of VS Code. Opting out will sync this preference across all future web sessions in GitHub Codespaces and github.dev.
Other Third-party Applications: Upon your instruction, we may share Personal Data with third-party applications available on our Marketplace. You are responsible for the data you instruct us to share with these applications.
Other Users and the Public: Depending on your account settings, we may share Personal Data with other users of the Services and the public. You control what information is made public. To adjust your settings, visit User Settings in your profile. Please be aware that any information you share in a collaborative context may become publicly accessible.
Private repositories: GitHub Access
If your GitHub account has private repositories, you control the access to that information. GitHub personnel does not access private repository information without your consent except as provided in this Privacy Statement and for:
security purposes
automated scanning or manual review for known vulnerabilities, active malware, or other content known to violate our Terms of Service
to assist the repository owner with a support matter
to maintain the integrity of the Services, or
to comply with our legal obligations if we have reason to believe the contents are in violation of the law.
GitHub will provide you with notice regarding private repository access unless doing so is prohibited by law or if GitHub acted in response to a security threat or other risk to security.
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
GitHub processes Personal Data in compliance with the GDPR, ensuring a lawful basis for each processing activity. The basis varies depending on the data type and the context, including how you access the services. Our processing activities typically fall under these lawful bases:
Contractual Necessity: Processing is required to fulfill our contractual duties to you, in accordance with the GitHub Terms of Service.
Legal Obligation: We process data when it's necessary to comply with applicable laws or to protect the rights, safety, and property of GitHub, our affiliates, users, or third parties.
Legitimate Interests: We process data for purposes that are in our legitimate interests, such as securing our Services, communicating with you, and improving our Services. This is done only when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights or your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Consent: We process data when you have explicitly consented to such processing. When we rely on consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing at any time. The procedures for withdrawal are detailed in this Statement and available on our website.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your residence location, you may have specific legal rights regarding your Personal Data:
The right to access the data collected about you
The right to request detailed information about the specific types of Personal Data we've collected over the past 12 months, including data disclosed for business purposes
The right to rectify or update inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data under certain circumstances
The right to erase or limit the processing of your Personal Data under specific conditions
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, as allowed by applicable law
The right to withdraw consent, where processing is based on your consent
The right to receive your collected Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format to facilitate its transfer to another company, where technically feasible
To exercise these rights, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. To verify your identity for security, we may request extra information before addressing your data-related request. Please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com for any feedback or concerns. Depending on your region, you have the right to complain to your local Data Protection Authority. European users can find authority contacts on the European Data Protection Board website, and UK users on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
We aim to promptly respond to requests in compliance with legal requirements. Please note that we may retain certain data as necessary for legal obligations or for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims.
International data transfers
GitHub stores and processes Personal Data in a variety of locations, including your local region, the United States, and other countries where GitHub, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or subprocessors have operations. We transfer Personal Data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to countries that the European Commission has not recognized as having an adequate level of data protection. When we engage in such transfers, we generally rely on the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under
Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914
, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where GitHub processes personal data, see this article on the
European Commission website
.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
GitHub also complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
GitHub has the responsibility for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on GitHub’s behalf. GitHub shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Dispute resolution process
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, GitHub commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact GitHub at: dpo[at]github[dot]com.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you.
An individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. For additional information visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Government Enforcement
GitHub is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. § 45), an organization's failure to abide by commitments to implement the DPF Principles may be challenged as deceptive by the FTC. The FTC has the power to prohibit such misrepresentations through administrative orders or by seeking court orders.
Security and Retention
GitHub uses appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your Personal Data. We’ll retain your Personal Data as long as your account is active and as needed to fulfill contractual obligations, comply with legal requirements, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. The retention duration depends on the purpose of data collection and any legal obligations.
Security
GitHub uses administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate to protect your Personal Data.
Contact Us
Contact us via our contact form or by emailing our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Our addresses are:
GitHub B.V.
Prins Bernhardplein 200, Amsterdam
1097JB
The Netherlands
GitHub, Inc.
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States
Information for Minors
Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from such individuals. If you become aware that a minor has provided us with Personal Data, please
notify us
.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
GitHub may periodically revise this Privacy Statement. If there are material changes to the statement, we will provide at least 30 days prior notice by updating our website or sending an email to your primary email address associated with your GitHub account.
Translations
Below are translations of this document into other languages. In the event of any conflict, uncertainty, or apparent inconsistency between any of those versions and the English version, this English version is the controlling version.
French
Cliquez ici pour obtenir la version française:
Déclaration de confidentialité de GitHub (PDF)
.
Other translations
For translations of this statement into other languages, please visit
https://docs.github.com/
and select a language from the drop-down menu under “English.”
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
Cookies and tracking technologies
GitHub uses cookies to provide, secure and improve our Service or to develop new features and functionality of our Service. For example, we use them to (i) keep you logged in, (ii) remember your preferences, (iii) identify your device for security and fraud purposes, including as needed to maintain the integrity of our Service, (iv) compile statistical reports, and (v) provide information and insight for future development of GitHub. We provide more information about
cookies on GitHub
that describes the cookies we set, the needs we have for those cookies, and the expiration of such cookies.
For Enterprise Marketing Pages, we may also use non-essential cookies to (i) gather information about enterprise users’ interests and online activities to personalize their experiences, including by making the ads, content, recommendations, and marketing seen or received more relevant and (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of targeted advertising and other marketing efforts. If you disable the non-essential cookies on the Enterprise Marketing Pages, the ads, content, and marketing you see may be less relevant.
Our emails to users may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email communications more effective and to make sure we are not sending you unwanted email.
The length of time a cookie will stay on your browser or device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay until they expire or are deleted. The expiration time or retention period applicable to persistent cookies depends on the purpose of the cookie collection and tool used. You may be able to delete cookie data. For more information, see
GitHub General Privacy Statement
.
What are cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, local storage, and mobile analytics, to operate and provide our Services. When visiting Enterprise Marketing Pages, like resources.github.com, these and additional cookies, like advertising IDs, may be used for sales and marketing purposes.
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called “single-pixel” or “clear GIFs”) that are contained within a website or email. When your browser opens a webpage or email that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content.
Mobile identifiers for analytics can be accessed and used by apps on mobile devices in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. When visiting Enterprise Marketing pages, like resources.github.com, on a mobile device these may allow us and our third-party analytics and advertising partners to collect data for sales and marketing purposes.
We may also use so-called “flash cookies” (also known as “Local Shared Objects” or “LSOs”) to collect and store information about your use of our Services. Flash cookies are commonly used for advertisements and videos.
How do we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies?
The GitHub Services use cookies and similar technologies for a variety of purposes, including to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our Services perform, track your interaction with the Services, develop inferences, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. Some of these cookies and technologies may be provided by third parties, including service providers and advertising partners. For example, our analytics and advertising partners may use these technologies in our Services to collect personal information (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) related to your online activities over time and across Services for various purposes, including targeted advertising. GitHub will place non-essential cookies on pages where we market products and services to enterprise customers, for example, on resources.github.com.
We and/or our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes.
The table below provides additional information about how we use different types of cookies:
Purpose
Description
Required Cookies
GitHub uses required cookies to perform essential website functions and to provide the services. For example, cookies are used to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, improve user experience, and for audience measurement. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Analytics
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better. For example, cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. We also use some analytics cookies to provide personalized advertising.
Social Media
GitHub and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on GitHub’s websites. This ensures that the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests. This also enables third parties to develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by GitHub.
Advertising
In addition, GitHub and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads based on ads you've already seen. Cookies also track which ads you click or purchases you make after clicking an ad. This is done both for payment purposes and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, cookies are used to detect when you click an ad and to show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
What are your cookie choices and controls?
You have several options to disable non-essential cookies:
Specifically on GitHub Enterprise Marketing Pages
Any GitHub page that serves non-essential cookies will have a link in the page’s footer to cookie settings. You can express your preferences at any time by clicking on that linking and updating your settings.
Some users will also be able to manage non-essential cookies via a cookie consent banner, including the options to accept, manage, and reject all non-essential cookies.
Generally for all websites
You can control the cookies you encounter on the web using a variety of widely-available tools. For example:
If your browser sends a
Do Not Track
(DNT) signal, GitHub will not set non-essential cookies and will not load third party resources which set non-essential cookies.
Many browsers provide cookie controls which may limit the types of cookies you encounter online. Check out the documentation for your browser to learn more.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block tracking, such as
Privacy Badger
, non-essential cookies set by a website or third parties may be disabled.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block unwanted content, such as
uBlock Origin
, non-essential cookies will be disabled to the extent that content that sets non-essential cookies will be blocked.
You may use the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to communicate your privacy preferences. If GitHub detects the GPC signal from your device, GitHub will not share your data (we do not sell your data). To learn more, visit
Global Privacy Control — Take Control Of Your Privacy
Advertising controls. Our advertising partners may participate in associations that provide simple ways to opt out of ad targeting, which you can access at:
United States:
NAI
and
DAA
Canada:
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Europe:
European Digital Advertising Alliance
These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our Services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems.
US State Specific Information
This section provides extra information specifically for residents of certain US states that have distinct data privacy laws and regulations. These laws may grant specific rights to residents of these states when the laws come into effect. This section uses the term “personal information” as an equivalent to the term “Personal Data.”
Privacy Rights
These rights are common to the US State privacy laws:
Right to Knowledge and Correction: You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we’ve collected about you and the right to correct inaccurate information. You can exercise this right by contacting us. You can also access and edit basic account information in your settings.
Right to Know Data Recipients: We share your information with service providers for legitimate business operations, such as data storage and hosting. For more details, please see “Sharing Your Information” below.
Right to request Deletion: You reserve the right to request the deletion of your data, barring a few exceptions. Such exceptions include circumstances where we are required to retain data to comply with legal obligations, detect fraudulent activity, investigate reports of abuse or other violations of our Terms of Service, or rectify security issues. Upon receiving your verified request, we will promptly delete your personal information (unless an exception applies), and instruct our service providers to do the same. We employ brief retention terms by design.
Right to a Timely Response: You are allowed to make two free requests in any 12-month period. We commit to responding to your request within 45 days. In complex cases, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days.
Non-Discrimination: We will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights. On the contrary, we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and contact us with any questions.
Notice of Collection of Personal Information
We may collect various categories of personal information about our website visitors and users of "Services" which includes GitHub applications, software, products, or services. That information includes identifiers/contact information, demographic information, payment information, commercial information, internet or electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, and inferences drawn from such information.
We collect this information for various purposes. This includes identifying accessibility gaps and offering targeted support, fostering diversity and representation, providing services, troubleshooting, conducting business operations such as billing and security, improving products and supporting research, communicating important information, ensuring personalized experiences, and promoting safety and security.
Exercising your Privacy Rights
To make an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. If you choose to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, please ensure they have your signed permission or power of attorney as required.
To opt out of the sharing of your personal information, you can click on the "Do Not Share My Personal Information" link on the footer of our Websites or use the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") if available. Authorized agents can also submit opt-out requests on your behalf.
California
Mandatory Disclosures
We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with California privacy law:
We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.
The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from you, automatically or from third parties.
The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized above and in our Privacy Statement under Processing Purposes.
We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and rough geographic location), payment information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to third-party business partners and service providers, third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites, and other third parties as described in the Sharing of Personal Data section of our Privacy Statement.
As defined by applicable law, we “shared” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We shared each category to or with advertising networks, data analytics providers, and social networks.
The business or commercial purpose of sharing personal information is to assist us with marketing, advertising, and audience measurement.
We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
Shine the Light Act
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing (privacy[at]github[dot]com). Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
Removal of Content
California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted. To remove content or information you have publicly posted, please submit a
Private Information Removal request
. Alternatively, to request that we remove such content or information, please send a detailed description of the specific content or information you wish to have removed to
GitHub support
. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. If you have any questions about our privacy practices with respect to California residents, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
We value the trust you place in us and are committed to handling your personal information with care and respect. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please email our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Colorado/Connecticut/Virginia
If you live in Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia you have some additional rights:
If we deny your rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. We will provide you with the necessary information to submit an appeal at that time.
You have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. GitHub does not engage in such profiling as defined by Colorado law, so there’s no need to opt out.
Nevada
We do not sell your covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our Privacy Statement, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
Sub-policy 3
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:

Sub-policy 4
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 5
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 9
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en:
Google Payments Privacy Notice
Last modified: 4 March 2025
The
Google Privacy Policy
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google products and services. If you are under the age of 18, you can find additional resources in the
Google Teen Privacy Guide
and the
Google Payments privacy guide for children
.
Google Payments is offered to Google Account holders, and your use of it is subject to the Google Privacy Policy. In addition, this Privacy Notice describes Google privacy practices that are specific to Google Payments.
Your use of Google Payments is governed by the Google Payments Terms of Service, which describes in more detail the services covered by this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Google Payments Terms of Service.
The Google Payments Privacy Notice applies to services offered by Google LLC or its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Google Payment Corp. ('GPC'). Consult the Google Payments Terms of Service made available to you within the service to learn which subsidiary is offering the service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC and, to the extent required under Brazilian law, it may be Google Brasil Pagamentos Ltda
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the European Economic Area (excluding the UK), the data controller responsible for your information is Google Ireland Limited
For users based in the European Economic Area, excluding the UK, and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Ireland Limited
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the UK, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC
For users based in the UK and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Limited
Information we collect
In addition to the information listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we may also collect the following:
Registration information
When you sign up for Google Payments, you are creating a Google payments profile that is associated with your Google Account. Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide information, such as:
Credit or debit card number and card expiry date
Bank account number and expiry date
Address
Phone number
Date of birth
National insurance number or taxpayer identification number (or other government-issued identification numbers)
For sellers or businesses specifically, your business category and certain information about your sales or transaction volume
In some cases, we may also ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your information or identity. Finally, if you register a carrier or operator billing account, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about your carrier or operator account.
Your registration information is stored in association with your Google Account, and your registration of a payment method will be stored on Google's servers. Certain types of data may also be stored on your mobile device.
Information obtained from third parties
We may obtain information about you from third parties, including third-party verification services. This includes:
Information arising from Google Payments transactions at merchant locations
Information regarding your use of payment methods and your accounts issued by third parties that are linked to Google Payments
The identity of your card issuer or financial institution
Feature and benefit information related to your payment method
Information regarding access to balances held in your Google payments profile
Information from a carrier or operator in connection with carrier or operator billing
Consumer reports, as the term 'consumer reports' is defined by the US Fair Credit Reporting Act
Information about your transactions with third parties (like merchants and payment service providers), which will be used for fraud risk modeling and to provide fraud risk scores and other fraud prevention services to third parties
Also, for sellers, we may obtain information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service.
Transaction information
When you use Google Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including:
The date, time and amount of the transaction
The merchant's location and description
A description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased
Any photo that you choose to associate with the transaction
The names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient)
The type of payment method used
Your description of the reason for the transaction and the offer associated with the transaction, if any
How we use the information we collect
In addition to the uses listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we use the information you provide to us, Google Payment Corp. (GPC), or another of our subsidiaries, as well as information about you from third parties, in order to:
Provide you with Google Payments for customer service purposes
Prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including to help prevent fraud, phishing or other misconduct
Assist third parties in the provision of products or services that you request from them
Review your Google payments profile to determine whether you continue to meet the terms of the service
Make decisions about your future Google Payments transactions
Build and train fraud risk models with your historic and current information, and produce fraud risk scores and assessments that are shared with third parties solely for their fraud or abuse prevention purposes
Provide you with information about your payment method’s features and benefits to help you better identify your payment method when using Google Payments
Fulfill other legitimate business needs related to the Google Payments transactions initiated by you
We may retain the information that you provide for the duration of your use of Google Payments, and for an additional period as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Information we share
We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google in the following circumstances:
As permitted under the
Google Privacy Policy
As permitted by law
As necessary to process your transaction and maintain your account, including to provide security improvements, protect your account against fraud, and for other everyday business purposes
To complete your requested registration for a service provided by a third party
To inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used to make payments through that merchant's site or app. You can choose to turn off this setting
To share fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments with third parties that use Google’s risk score and fraud prevention services, in order to protect your transactions with third parties from fraud and abuse
To help ensure your payment method is secure and valid, and to provide you with relevant information about your payment method's features and benefits, we may share your personal information with your payment method issuer, payment network, processors, and their affiliates
Examples of when information may be shared:
When you make a purchase or transaction using Google Payments, we make certain personal information about you available to the company or individual that you purchase from or transact with. This includes sharing your personal information with the developer from whom you purchase when you use Google Payments to make a purchase on Google Play
When you make a purchase through a website or app with Google Pay, we might share your ZIP code or postcode and information about your payment method so that the merchant can calculate tax, shipping, and other details related to the cost of your order (such as delivery costs and other price information), and identify whether the merchant can accept that form of payment from you as well as benefits or restrictions for particular forms of payment for your purchase
When you add a third-party payment method to your Google payments profile, we may exchange certain personal information with the third-party payment provider so we can both provide the service to you. The information may include your name, profile image, email, Internet protocol (IP) address, billing address, phone number, device information, location, and Google Account activity information
When you visit a participating merchant site or app, the merchant can check whether you have a Google payments profile with an eligible payment method that can be used to make a purchase through the merchant's site or app, in order to reduce the likelihood that you will see unusable features on sites or apps
When you transact with a third party (like merchants and payment service providers), we may send fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments related to your payment transaction to these third parties, solely for their own fraud or abuse prevention purposes
The information we collect, including information obtained from third parties, may be shared with our affiliates, meaning other companies owned and controlled by Google LLC. Our affiliates, which can be financial and non-financial entities, will use such information for purposes as disclosed in this Privacy Notice and the Google Privacy Policy, including for their everyday business purposes.
We provide you with the right to opt out of certain sharing between GPC and its affiliates, if applicable. Specifically, you may choose to opt out of:
Sharing between GPC and its affiliates of information about your creditworthiness for their everyday business purposes; and/or
Our affiliates marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your account history with us
You may also choose to opt out of Google LLC or its affiliates informing a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used for payment through that merchant's site or app.
If you choose to opt out, your choice will be effective until you tell us to change your choice.
If you do not want us to share personal information about your creditworthiness between GPC and its affiliates, or if you do not want our affiliates to use your personal information collected by us and shared with them to market to you, or if you do not want Google LLC or its affiliates to inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile, please indicate your preference by logging in to your account, and going to your
Google Payments privacy settings
to update your privacy preferences.
We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of GPC or with our affiliates except as described in this Privacy Notice or the Google Privacy Policy. Google Payments is a product offered to Google Account holders. Data that you provide to Google LLC for the purpose of signing up for a Google Account is not affected by the opt-out provisions in this Privacy Notice.
Keeping your information secure
For more information about our security practices, please see the main
Google Privacy Policy
.
The security of your Google payments profile depends on you keeping your account password(s), PINs, and other access information for the Service confidential:
If you share your Google Account information with a third party, they will have access to your Google payments profile and your personal information
It is your responsibility to control access to your mobile device and the Google Payments application on your device, including keeping your password(s) and/or PIN confidential and not sharing it with anyone
It is also your responsibility to alert Google or the relevant partner if you believe that the security of the information in the Google Payments application has been compromised
Any information that you provide directly to a third-party merchant, website or application is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of merchants or other third parties with whom you choose to share your personal information directly. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party with whom you choose to share your personal information directly.
© 2025 Google –
Google Home
Google Terms of Service
Previous Privacy Notices
Sub-policy 10
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 12
https://render.alipay.com/p/f/agreementpages/alipayglobalprivacypolicy.html:
Antom Privacy Policy for Merchant Services
Last updated: 2024-04-25
We provide payment processing, reconciliation and settlement, and other related services to our customers globally (“
Antom Services
”). This Privacy Notice
describes how we collect, use, and share personal information in relation to the Antom Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to:
visitors to our websites (including
https://www.antom.com
) or any other person who contacts us over the telephone, email or other means (“
Visitors
”);
customers who register for and/or use Antom Services (“
Customers
”). This may include merchants, platforms, and sub-merchants (for instance if you have an account on a platform);
consumers who do business with, or otherwise engage in a transaction with a Customer, such as those buying goods and services from a Customer using Antom Services for payment processing (“
End Users
”); and
personnel, officers, and connected persons of our Customers and other partners (“
Representatives
”) where their personal information is provided to us in connection with the Antom Services.
Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, reference to “you” or “your” are intended to refer to a Visitor, Customer, End User and/or Representative, and reference to “Antom”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Notice refer to Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited, Alipay (Europe) Limited S.A., Alipay (UK) Limited, and other affiliates involved in providing the Antom Services to you (each an “
Affiliate
” and collectively referred to as the “
Group
”).
Please refer to the
Antom Privacy Policy for United States Merchant Services
if you are:
A visitor to our websites located in the U.S.,
A U.S. Merchant who registers for and/or uses U.S. Antom Services provided by AUS Merchant Services, Inc., or
A consumer who engages in transactions with a U.S. Merchant, such as purchasing goods or services using U.S. Antom Services for payment processing (“End Users”)
1. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We collect and use personal information about you, including when you interact with us, register for an account, contact us directly with respect to any queries or otherwise communicate with us, use the Antom Services to make purchases or otherwise conduct financial transactions, or otherwise visit or use our Antom Services.
We may collect the following personal information about you:
your basic personal details, including first and last name, date of birth, and copies of your government ID documents (e.g., passport, driver’s licence or social security number);
contact information, including your address, phone number, email, or other information that permits us to contact you;
account information, such as payment methods and details of the payment card used to complete a transaction with a merchant;
in relation to Representatives:
copies of government ID documents and role and relationship with the relevant Customer or partner;
company registration details, such as the basic personal details of the ultimate beneficiaries and account authentication details to complete “know your business” or “know your client” checks as required by local law;
financial information and tax identification information;
transaction details, such as the merchants you deal with, the amounts paid, details of the products and/or services purchased, and information related to requests for chargebacks and/or refunds;
details of any marketing preferences you have given us (such as requests to receive or not receive certain types of marketing communications);
copies of communications with or about you; and
the following usage, device, and technical information:
information about the device you use to interact with us and our services (including IP address, geographical location, device type and model, screen resolution, app version, device language, device identification codes and other features/data that can be used to identify a device), and
information from your visits to our websites or mobile applications, and your interactions with our emails or other communications. This information includes browser history, product engagement, length of visit/usage, page views and any search term you use, IP address or other unique identifiers, browser/platform type and version, internet service provider, operating system, referral source/exit pages, device operations, session information, device ID, user agent, device logs in the event of a crash or error report, and unique identifiers saved in cookies and information associated with a cookie which is necessary to provide the services you have requested or which helps us measure and improve our sites.
As noted above, we collect personal information which may be considered sensitive in certain jurisdictions. Specifically, if we collect your passport, your payment card information, or your financial information and tax identification information, you may have additional rights and protections with regard to such sensitive personal information under certain data protection laws.
We will indicate whether the provision of personal information is mandatory or optional. If you do not provide mandatory personal information to us, you may not be able to use the Antom Services.
2. HOW WE OBTAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect the above personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) from various sources, either directly from you or indirectly, as set out below.
We collect personal information directly from you when you provide it to us in connection with the Antom Services. For example, we collect your personal information when you enquire about or register to use any of the Antom Services, sign an agreement with us, provide your personal information during the merchant onboarding process, log into your account to use the Antom Services on our sites, or when you communicate with us via e-mail, phone, SMS, or any other electronic means.
We also receive personal information about you from the following sources:
Customers and other third parties who support the ability to make payments and conduct transactions through Antom Services or otherwise;
Affiliates;
suppliers providing services on our behalf;
banks, card associations, payment networks, acquiring institutions, and other financial institutions that we cooperate with to provide you with the Antom Services;
third parties for fraud monitoring and prevention purposes, or other purposes required by law;
in relation to Representatives, from the relevant Customer or partner; and
publicly available sources.
We may combine information that we have about you from various sources, including the information you have provided to us.
Please refer to the section
How We Use Your Personal Information
below for more details.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) to provide you with Antom Services. More specifically, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
for the exercise of rights and performance of obligations under, and managing compliance with, our agreements and related Antom documentation;
processing, maintaining and managing your registration with our services;
providing you with Antom Services and related services, including enabling and conducting transactions, customizing your user experience, enabling the receipt of balance top-ups, financing proceeds and third-party payments, facilitating the settlement of payment for goods and services and providing other fund settlement services, handling foreign exchange conversions, chargebacks, and sending notices about transactions;
to respond to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes (including resolving payment disputes) or otherwise provide customer support and services;
contacting you in relation to our provision of Antom Services, contacting you in connection with any communication preferences or requests you have expressed, asking you for feedback about Antom Services or other related products and services, collecting feedback from you and your staff about our products and services and using such feedback to improve our business and/or customize products and services, and contact you for legal purposes;
to operate marketing and advertising activities (including trade shows and promotional events), and send you advertising or other information about our products and services;
for security, authentication and risk control purposes, including to verify your identity, verify your eligibility as a user of Antom Services, manage anti-money laundering and fraud risk, to perform creditworthiness and solvency checks, assessing, detecting, investigating, preventing or remediating fraud, data breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and violations of our agreements and policies, industry standards, guidelines, laws and regulations, and otherwise protecting the integrity and maintaining the security of our services, products and platforms, to protect our rights or property and those of others and to prevent any harm or financial loss to us or others;
in relation to Representatives, (i) to carry out “know your client” checks and for onboarding and due diligence purposes; (ii) to manage and develop the relationship with Customers or partners; and (iii) to communicate with Customers or partners;
making disclosures as may be required by any rules, law or regulation, regulatory authorities, government officials, card association or other payment network. Such disclosures may also be made pursuant to any subpoena, court order or other legal process or contractual or commercial requirement applicable to us or any Affiliates (including “know your customer”, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing reporting, tax requirements or other commercial disputes);
improving and optimizing the Antom Services, conducting research, statistical analysis, analytics, business planning and business intelligence purposes in order to understand how users like you perceive our products and services, industry trends, usage patterns and other factors that may affect our business;
to manage our business, including billing, invoicing, account management, reconciliation, collection, audit purposes and internal reporting;
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or potential claims on behalf of ourselves or our Affiliates, for the purposes of legal proceedings, for compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes;
for any proposed or actual merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, financing, joint venture, assignment, transfer, disposition or similar transaction, including the sale of business, assets or stock;
to comply with law, regulation, codes of conduct and other good practice and conduct requirements, and any requirements or rules imposed by payment schemes; and
in any other ways for which we provide notice at the time of collection.
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We share your personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) for the purposes indicated under the section
How We Use Your Personal Information
above, with the following categories of recipients:
our Affiliates;
Customers that provide you with products, services and other offerings on or through Antom Services;
any agent, contractor, vendor, or service provider that we work with in providing Antom Services. We set out a list of such agents, contractors, vendors, and service providers
here
;
service providers elected by you;
third parties where you have instructed us to share information with them;
banks, card associations, payment networks or acquiring institutions, and other financial institutions involved in processing of payments and conducting transactions through Antom Services;
law enforcement agencies, insurers, government and regulatory or supervisory authorities or any other organizations to which we, or any of our Affiliates or service providers, are under an obligation to make disclosure under the requirements of any applicable law, regulation, code of conduct or good practice or conduct requirement or commercial arrangement;
parties relevant to litigation proceedings and the assessment of claims or disputes, including courts;
individuals and entities involved in any merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, financing, or similar transaction with us, including in the event of the sale of all or part of our assets; and
our own and others’ professional advisors (e.g., lawyers, accountants, auditors, and trustees).
See the section
How Do We Store And Protect Your Personal Information?
for information on how long we retain your personal information and how we try to keep your personal information secure when storing it or sharing it with others.
5. HOW DO WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will keep your personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) in accordance with our policies and for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Antom Services or other purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice. In addition, we may retain your personal information (or sensitive personal information, if any) for a longer period (including after you are no longer a user of our services) if it is necessary to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us. The criteria we use to determine the appropriate retention periods are:
regulatory requirements that we are subject to;
whether a legal claim could be brought against us;
necessity of information to provide the Antom Services;
the type, nature, and sensitivity of your personal information being processed; and
the legal basis for processing – e.g., consent.
We use a variety of security measures and technologies designed to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, disclosure, alteration or destruction, consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations.
6. WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect and use your personal information on one or more legal bases set out below (and where applicable, under any other legal bases permitted under the relevant data protection legislation).
For the performance of any contracts to which you are a party.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
With your consent – for example when you give consent to our use of cookies in order to measure and improve our sites.
For legitimate interests:
to operate, market and improve our business and minimise any disruption to the Antom Services that we may offer to you;
to ensure the security of the Antom Services and to protect us, our staff, users and others from fraud or other criminal or similar conduct;
to comply with codes of conduct, codes of practice and similar good conduct principles which do not have the force of law in the countries in which we operate, but are prudent for the Group to apply;
to send you service-related communications and marketing/promotional communications, to make our communications with you more relevant and personalised to you, and to make your experience of our products and services efficient and effective;
to transfer your personal information internationally (including to Singapore, the European Economic Area, the United States, Malaysia and China) in order to accommodate our technical infrastructure and as part of our business structure, including as a result of laws and regulations applicable to us and other Affiliates and legal claims or proceedings that involve us or other Affiliates; and
for other purposes including those set out in section 3.
However, in cases in which we wish to use your personal information for our legitimate interests, we carefully consider the position and do not proceed if we think your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms relating to your personal information would be prejudiced.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are a global business and your information may be processed outside of the country where you live. These other countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. Regardless of where your information is processed, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer.
If you are located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, any transfers of your data to third countries will be in accordance with standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission or approved under UK or Swiss data protection laws (often called “
SCCs
”), or other lawful methods available to us under applicable law. You can find information about the SCCs
here
.
8. YOUR CHOICES AND PRIVACY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, you may be entitled to:
ask us about the processing of your personal information and access it, including by asking us to provide you with a copy of your personal information;
request the correction and/or updating of your personal information;
request the deletion of your personal information;
request the restriction of the processing of your personal information, or object to that processing;
withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information (where we process your personal information based on your consent);
opt-out of email marketing and certain other communications. You may manage your receipt of marketing communications by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of any Antom marketing email and/or following the instructions found on any page to which the link may take you. Please note that you cannot opt out of receiving administrative, support, or transactional emails;
request receipt or transmission to another organisation, in a machine-readable form, of the personal information that you have provided to us where we are using your personal information based on consent or performance of a contract; and
complain to the relevant supervisory authority.
If you are a User located in the United States, you may also be entitled to:
Access/Right to Know: You may ask for: (i) a portable copy of the specific pieces of your personal information that we have collected; (ii) a list of categories of personal information (and sensitive personal information) we have collected about you; (iii) a list of categories of sources from which such information was collected; (iv) a list of categories of information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you; (v) a list of categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and/or (vi) the business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling your information.
Deletion: You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information for Behavioral Advertising: We do not “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary consideration. You may opt out of analytics cookies as explained below.
Correct or Update Your Personal Information: You have the right to request that we correct, update, or modify the personal information we maintain about you.
Limit the Use and Sharing of Your Sensitive Personal Information: In relation to any sensitive personal information identified in
section 1
above, you can request that we limit our use and sharing of such information to those uses which are necessary to perform the Antom Services or as otherwise allowed by relevant data protection laws.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications that mean they may not always apply.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests:
If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, contact us using the details set out in the
Contact Us
section below. If you would like to withdraw consent to our use of analytics cookies, our
cookie notice
explains how to do this.
Where you are given the option to share your personal information with us, you can always choose not to do so. If we have requested your consent to processing and you later choose to withdraw it, we will respect that choice in accordance with our legal obligations.
However, choosing not to share your personal information with us or withdrawing your consent to our use of it could mean that we are unable to perform the actions necessary to achieve the purposes of processing described (see section
How We Use Your Personal Information
) or that you are unable to make use of the services and products offered by us. After you have chosen to withdraw your consent, we may be able to continue to process your personal information to the extent required or otherwise permitted by applicable data protection and privacy laws or regulations.
Non-Discrimination:
If you exercise any of the above privacy rights, we will continue to treat you fairly and without discrimination. If you exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice, you will not be denied or charged different prices or rates for the Antom Services, or provided a different level or quality of goods or services than others.
Verification of Your Identity:
Depending on the nature of your request, we will ask you for identifying information and attempt to match it to information that we maintain about you in order to verify your identity. Not all of the above request types will be subject to verification. If we are unable to verify your identity with the degree of certainty required, we will not be able to respond to your request. We will notify you to explain the basis of the denial.
Authorized Agents:
You may designate an agent to submit requests on your behalf. When submitting a request through the methods described above, the agent must identify itself as your authorized agent. Depending on the type of request being submitted, we may request additional verification to confirm you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf.
9. ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CPRA
”), please also note the following specific information about how we collect, use, and share California residents’ personal information:
Depending on our interactions with you, we may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes the following categories of personal information set forth in the CCPA: identifiers; payment and customer records information; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and sensitive personal information. See
section 1
above for more details.
We collect and use the above categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in
section 3
above.
We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in
section 2
above.
We may disclose each of these categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as described in
section 4
above.
10. HOW DO WE PROCESS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN?
Our services are not directed towards children under 18 years old, nor does Antom knowingly collect information from children under 18. If you are under 18, please do not use the Antom Services or submit any personal information to us.
If you, acting as a guardian of a child, have relevant questions in respect of a child’s personal information, please contact us using the details set out in the
Contact Us
section below.
11. THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND SITES
We may provide links to third party websites and services (including other online merchant sites) for your convenience and information. These services and websites may operate independently from us. Linked services and websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked services and websites. To the extent any linked websites and services you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for (i) these websites’ or services’ content, (ii) any use of these services or websites by you, or (iii) the privacy practices of these services or websites.
12. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may change, amend or revise this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will notify you of any substantive or material change in this Privacy Notice through a combination of updating this webpage, sending push notifications, e-mails or letters, by phone or by publishing announcements on our websites. You can review this Privacy Notice any time at the homepage of our websites.
Once posted on our website, the new Privacy Notice will become immediately effective unless stated otherwise.
13. CONTACT US
If you have questions or requests about the privacy of your personal information, please contact us by email via
Privacy-OpenPlatform@antom.com
or at the following business address if you are in:
the European Economic Area or Switzerland: Alipay (Europe) Limited S.A., Privacy Office, 11-13, 9, rue du Laboratoire, L-1911 Luxembourg.
As required under applicable law, please note that we may take steps to ask you to provide further information to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights.