Privacy Policy
Hornet Ventures GmbH built the BlackJack Trainer 21 app as well as the NeverSplit10s appa as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by
                    Hornet Ventures GmbH at no cost and is intended for
                    use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding
                    our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
                    our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree
                    to the collection and use of information in relation to this
                    policy. No personally identifiable data is collected.
                    We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
                    Policy.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers
                      used by the app
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever
                    you use our Service, in a case of an error in the
                    app we collect data and information (through third
                    party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
                    may include information such as your device Internet
                    Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system
                    version, the configuration of the app when utilizing
                    our Service, the time and date of your use of the
                    Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
                    commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are
                    sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and
                    are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
                    However, the app may use third party code and libraries that
                    use “cookies” to collect information and improve their
                    services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
                    these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your
                    device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be
                    able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies
                    and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this
                    Service that these third parties have access to your
                    Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
                    assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated
                    not to disclose or use the information for any other
                    purpose.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                    periodically for any changes. We will
                    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
                    on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
                    they are posted on this page.