Speech Jammer
Privacy Policy
Esta política de privacidad también está disponible en español.
What information do we collect?
Speech Jammer only collects non-identifying information when sharing a recording. No information is collected until a recording is shared.
When sharing a recording through the app, the app will collect: your current IP address, the recording name (that you created), and the recorded audio file. It sends this information (encrypted) to the Speech Jammer server where it is processed and stored for sharing. It is removed from the Speech Jammer server immediately after processing and being transferred to Amazon’s secure servers where your data is encrypted at rest.
What do we use your information for?
Your IP address is used during recording sharing to ensure that the upload completes successfully and is not being sent by a bot. It helps us eliminate spam and other services that intentionally look to overload the server.
The recording name is used to display the name of your shared recording to those who you share the link with. It is stored encrypted at rest.
The recorded audio file is stored in order to serve your recording to users who you share the link with.
How do we protect your information?
All information collected is non-identifiable and is transmitted with TLS encryption to protect it in transit. At all stages of transferring your data across the internet, we use encryption to ensure it is protected while in transit. We make sure we do not collect any true personally identifiable information (such as your email, name, or device information).
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
No! Your information is never provided to any third parties or for any reason other than making your shared recording accessible to users you share your recording with.
Your Consent
By using this app, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy
If we decide to change the policy, this will be the location where you will find the new updated privacy policy.
The privacy policy was last updated on October 4th 2018
More Questions?
Contact Us
App by Dwight Dickinson / Facebook