Privacy Policy
Select the topic
Privacy Policy
ESET, spol. s r. o., having its registered office at Einsteinova 24, 851 01 Bratislava, Slovak Republic, registered in the Commercial Register administered by Bratislava I District Court, Section Sro, Entry No 3586/B, Business Registration Number: 31333532 as a Data Controller ("ESET" or "We") would like to be transparent when it comes to processing of personal data and privacy of our customers. To achieve this goal, We are publishing this Privacy Policy with the sole purpose of informing our customer ("End User" or "You") about following topics:
•
Processing of Personal Data,
•
Data Confidentiality,
•
Data Subject's Rights.
Processing of Personal Data
Services provided by ESET implemented in our product are provided under the terms of End User License Agreement ("
EULA
"), but some of them might require specific attention. We would like to provide You with more details on data collection connected with the provision of our services. We render various services described in the EULA and product documentation such as update/upgrade service, ESET LiveGrid®, protection against misuse of data, support, etc. To make it all work, We need to collect the following information:
•
Update and other statistics covering information concerning installation process and your computer including platform on which our product is installed and information about the operations and functionality of our products such as operation system, hardware information, installation IDs, license IDs, anonymized IP address, configuration settings of product.
•
For the purpose of authentication of provisioning and provisioning itself as well as for the purpose of overall functioning of product's features You might choose to use, We may need information such as user name, telephone number, token name, token ID, other token information, activation
URL
, license information, phone ID, notification ID, platform information.
•
Crash dumps concerning components of products may be required enabling ESET to provide appropriate support and maintenance.
•
Licensing information such as license ID and personal data such as name, surname, address, email address is required for billing purposes, license genuineness verification and provision of our services.
•
Contact information and data contained in your support requests may be required for service of support. Based on the channel You choose to contact us, We may collect your email address, phone number, license information, product details and description of your support case. You may be asked to provide us with other information to facilitate service of support.
We do not desire to collect your data outside of this scope but sometimes it is impossible to prevent it. Accidentally collected data may be included in logs or crash dumps itself and We do not intend it to form part of our systems or process it for the purpose declared in this Privacy Policy.
Data Confidentiality
ESET is a company operating worldwide via affiliated entities or partners as part of our distribution, service and support network. Information processed by ESET may be transferred to and from affiliated entities or partners for performance of the EULA such as provision of services or support or billing. Based on your location and service You choose to use, We might be required to transfer your data to a country with absence of adequacy decision by the European Commission. Even in this case, every transfer of information is subject to regulation of data protection legislation and takes place only if required. Standard Contractual Clauses, Binding Corporate Rules or another appropriate safeguard must be established without any exception.
We are doing our best to prevent data from being stored longer than necessary while providing services under the EULA. Our retention period might be longer than the validity of your license just to give You time for easy and comfortable renewal. Minimized and pseudonymized statistics and other data from ESET LiveGrid® may be further processed for statistical purposes.
ESET implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security which is appropriate to potential risks. We are doing our best to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and Services. However, in case of data breach resulting in a risk to your rights and freedoms, We are ready to notify supervisory authority as well as data subjects. As a data subject, You have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Data Subject’s Rights
ESET is subject to regulation of Slovak laws and We are bound by data protection legislation as part of European Union. Subject to conditions laid down by applicable data protection laws, You are entitled to following rights as a data subject:
•
right to request access to your personal data from ESET,
•
right to rectification of your personal data if inaccurate (You also have the right to have the incomplete personal data completed),
•
right to request erasure of your personal data,
•
right to request restriction of processing your personal data,
•
right to object to processing,
•
right to lodge a complaint as well as,
•
right to data portability.
If You would like to exercise your right as a data subject or You have a question or concern, send us a message at:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Data Protection Officer
Einsteinova 24
85101 Bratislava
Slovak Republic
dpo@eset.sk
˄
˅
Was this information helpful?
×
Download PDF
Summarize
View desktop site
ESET Knowledgebase
ESET Forum
Regional support
Manage cookies
ESET User Guides
©
1992-2025
ESET, spol. s r.o. - All rights reserved.
Your cookie choice, your privacy
We and our partners use cookies to give you the best optimized online experience, analyze our website traffic, and serve you with personalized ads. You can agree to the collection of all cookies by clicking 'Accept all and close', decline all non-essential cookies by choosing 'Accept essential cookies only', or adjust your cookie settings by clicking 'Manage cookies'. You also have the right to withdraw your consent or change your cookie preferences anytime by clicking the 'Manage cookies' link in our website footer or in your account settings (if available). For more information, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all and close
Accept essential cookies only
Manage cookies
Essential cookies
These first-party cookies are necessary for the functioning and security of our website and the services you require. They are usually set in response to your actions to enable the use of certain functionality, such as remembering your cookie preferences, logging in, or holding items in your cart. You cannot opt out of these cookies, and blocking them via a browser may affect site functionality.
Basic analytical cookies
These first-party cookies enable us to measure the number of visitors/users of our website and create aggregated usage and performance statistics with the help of our trusted partners. We use them to get the basic insight into our website traffic and our campaign performance and to solve bugs on our website.
Advanced analytical cookies
These first or third-party cookies help us understand how you interact with our website and each offered service by enriching our datasets with data from third-party tools. We use these cookies to improve our website, services, and user experience, find and solve bugs or other problems with them, and evaluate our campaigns' effectiveness.
Marketing cookies
These third-party cookies allow our marketing partners to track some of your activities on our website (for example, when you download or buy our product) to learn about your interests and needs and to show you more relevant targeted ads.
Confirm my choices
Back