Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Usercentrics GmbH
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
www.twickets.live
2
clientId
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
www.twickets.live
1
locale
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Hotjar
3
Learn more about this provider
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
VWO
2
Learn more about this provider
eu01/v.gif
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
vwo_apm_sent
Pending
twickets.live
1
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
5
Learn more about this provider
fbssls_#
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
fbsr_#
Used to track the user’s interaction with the website’s Facebook chat-widget.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Unclassified
6
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
www.twickets.live
6
ngStorage-gaClientId
Pending
ngStorage-gaLanguage
Pending
ngStorage-gaReferrer
Pending
ngStorage-gaScreenResolution
Pending
ngStorage-lts
Pending
territory
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/11/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
UK
USA
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Czechia
Denmark
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Malta
Mexico
Monaco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
UAE
EN
English
Español
Deutsch
Português
Sell tickets
How It Works
About Us
Help
Sign In
Hi,
Edit Profile
Your Account
Alerts
Logout
Press here to search for tickets.
Search tickets
Sell tickets
How It Works
About Us
Help
Sign In
At Twickets ("us", "our" or "we"), we know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed. Please read the following carefully as it will help you to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting the website, services and applications of Twickets through any media, platform, technology or device (collectively referred to as "our site" and/or "our service") you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller of your personal data is Twickets Limited of 25 Hosier Lane, London, EC1A 9LQ. You can contact us by the methods set out at the bottom of this privacy policy.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Personal data is any information that could be used to identify you in some way. The personal data that we collect from or about you may include the following:
your name;
your gender;
your delivery address;
your email address;
your contact telephone number;
your bank account details;
your location country (if you have selected a country view);
your financial information (such as PayPal account details, or credit or debit card information);
your puchase history with us;
information you voluntarily give us when you contact our customer services team, including any phone number used to call out customer service number;
information about your visit to our website, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), tickets or events you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page;
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.
information collected from our websites and elsewhere across the internet through cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, device identifiers and other technologies including information about your shopping habits and preferences.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
We may collect personal data in a variety of ways including:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information that you provide when you register for an account, list tickets for sale, buy or sell tickets via our site, sign up for ticket alerts, subscribe to our newsletter, contact out customer services team, or get in touch with us on social media.
Information you give us when you report a problem with our site, a ticket transaction or another user
Information we collect automatically when you use our service. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may, independently or through third-party data analytics tools or services such as Google Analytics, automatically collect information as you use our services.
Information gathered through cookies and other similar technology to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Information we receive from other sources. We work closely with third parties, for example our event partners who may provide us with information about you in order for us to authenticate the tickets you have listed on our site, or in some cases public databases such as Companies House.
Social Media. You might wish to register for an account with us using your Facebook or Twitter account. By doing so you give us permission to access certain information from your Facebook or Twitter account. We only use it to obtain your name and email address, we don't navigate your friends lists. You can control the information you allow us to have access to through your privacy settings on Facebook or Twitter.
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT IS OUR JUSTIFICATION FOR DOING SO?
We use your personal data for a variety of purposes related to the services that we provide. From a legal perspective, there are various justifications for doing so and we have set out an explanation of this below.
For purposes related to the provision of the services that we offer to you:
To give you access to and use of our service which includes enabling you to set up an account and to list, sell, supply, buy and acquire tickets via our service;
Communicating with you in connection with your ticket transaction(s), giving you access to your account information, and providing you with customer services/dispute resolution support;
To measure customer satisfaction and provide customer service (including troubleshooting in connection with purchases or your requests for services).
Changes. To notify you about changes to our service
We use your data in this way either because we have a contract with you (for example, if you sell or buy tickets using our platform, a contract to provide that service to you) or because it is in our legitimate interests to do so (for example, it is in our interests to measure customer satisfaction and "troubleshoot" customer issues) but we will always ensure that your rights are protected.
For advertising and marketing purposes:
To send you ticket alerts via e-mail and/or push notification to your mobile phone. You can turn off and edit your alerts in the Alerts section within your account settings or by contacting us by the methods set out at the bottom of this policy;
To send marketing emails on behalf of business partners in the future to let you know about other products and services that we think might interest you. You can opt in to receiving these emails by updating your preferences in the "my account" section of your account.
We'll send you marketing emails (including newsletters) about other events you might be interested in. You can opt to stop receiving marketing information by updating your preferences in the "my account" section, by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any email, or by contacting us by the methods set out at the bottom of this policy;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of any advertising we serve to you and others.
To send you information or offers on behalf of our event partners;
Where you have registered your account from the United Kingdom, the European Union, Australia, New Zealand or Canada, we will rely on your consent to contact you. Where you have registered your account from the United States, or in other scenarios (for example, measuring the effectiveness of our marketing), we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business, always ensuring that your rights are protected.
For the purposes of tailoring our services to you to enhance your user experience:
We may combine the personal data we collect from third parties (for example, if you have said we can, from Spotify) with personal data you give to us and the personal data we collect about you to improve the relevancy of the Twickets service and to make suggestions and recommendations to you about Twickets goods or services that may interest you.
For administrative and internal business purposes:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our services when you choose to do so.
It is in our legitimate interests as a business to use your data in this way. For example, we have a clear interest in ensuring that our site works properly and that our services are high quality and efficient. We will always ensure that your rights are protected.
For security, fraud prevention and legal and compliance purposes:
To keep our website and app safe and secure;
We may process your personal data using software and systems that look for fraudulent activity by studying patterns in data. This may involve automated decision making (including profiling). For example, our software and systems may notice that an account (or series of accounts) is being used in a way that is unusual and that is indicative of fraudulent conduct or otherwise in a manner that breaches our terms and conditions;
To protect our rights or property (or the rights or property of others) and to enforce our rights and pursue available remedies.
In some cases, we will need to use your personal data to fulfil a legal obligation (for example, if we receive a legitimate request from law enforcement agencies), and in other cases (such as the detection of fraud or ensuring the security of the site) this processing may be for the purpose of preventing and detecting crime which we believe to be necessary or appropriate in each case in order to comply with laws or legal process (including laws of legal process in other countries). We will also rely on our legitimate interests in ensuring the integrity of our services and in enforcing our terms and conditions to use your data in this way.
PRIVACY OF MINORS
Twickets does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age without parental consent.
WHEN DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We may share your personal data:
with any member of our corporate group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, or because it is in our legitimate interests to do so (for example where we share processes or operations with another group company);
with selected third parties who provide services to us for specific functions (for example PayPal Inc. who provide us with payment services or Trust Pilot who ensure that our reviews are authentic and trustworthy). In each case we will ensure that these third parties are only allowed to use your personal data in order to provide the relevant services to us. It is in our legitimate interests as a business to work with these third parties since we may not have the capabilities to provide these services ourselves;
with our event partners so that they can verify the authenticity of tickets that have been listed or sold via our site and control access to their event in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, or because it is in our (and their) legitimate interests to do so (for example our event partners need to do this to ensure they uphold health and safety, and security standards);
with other users during the sale/purchase of ticket(s) via our service in order to complete a transaction. For example, we will give the seller the name, delivery address (where necessary), telephone number and e-mail address of the buyer so that the seller may arrange delivery of the ticket(s) to the buyer. We will also give the buyer the e-mail address and telephone number of the seller so that the buyer is able to contact the seller regarding the transaction;
with marketing partners who may use your details to contact you with news and offers:
if you were located at time of registration in the United Kingdom, the European Union, Australia, New Zealand or Canada and only if you have provided your explicit consent; or
if you were located at time of registration in the US and unless you have told us specifically that you do not want this to happen subsequent to registration.
You can withdraw consent at any time from your account settings on our website.
with analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site. For these purposes your personal data will be aggregated and looked at on a statistical basis;
with third parties if we propose to sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets. Similarly, if there are changes to our group structure, or if our ownership changes, we may need to disclose your personal data to the new owners or operators as one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our User Agreement and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Twickets, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations (including law enforcement agencies where appropriate) for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE "EEA")
Some of the processes involved in our use of your personal data may require your data to be stored or processed in countries outside of the EEA; for example, where you purchase tickets for a venue outside of the EEA or if one of our service providers is based outside of the EEA.
These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the UK and the EEA and so your personal data may not be subject to the same protections. However, in such cases, we will make sure that any transfer of your personal data to countries outside of the EEA is subject to appropriate safeguards as if it were being processed inside of the EEA and under the guiding principles set out in this privacy notice.
KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA SAFE
We take the security of your personal data very seriously and have put in place technical and organisation measures to help keep it safe from unauthorised access or disclosure as required by law and in accordance with good industry practice. For example, all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We'll only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purpose described in this policy. This means that retention periods will vary according to the type of data we have in the first place. For example, we'll hold on to your personal data for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you but we may also keep hold of some of your personal data (even after you have closed your account) for fraud prevention and detection reasons.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
YOUR RIGHTS
Please note, we take a firm stance on ticket touting and we take ticketing fraud very seriously. The law permits us to refuse a request to exercise your rights where we believe permitting you to exercise your rights may prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders.
You may exercise any of the following rights in the following section regarding your personal data:
Right to request the correction of inaccurate personal data
You may request the correction of inaccurate personal data. In most instances this can also be done through the "my account" section.
Right to ask us not to use your personal data for direct marketing purposes
This can be done through the communication preferences part of "my account" or by clicking the "unsubscribe" link on marketing communication.
Right to access
You may request of copy of the personal data we hold about you (and in some circumstances, you can ask us to provide a copy to a third party).
Right to be forgotten (account deletion)
You may ask us to either permanently delete or temporarily stop using the personal data we hold about you and to close your Twickets account. Please note that we will do all we can to respect your right to have your personal data deleted where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it but there may be some circumstances where we will need to retain some personal data in accordance with applicable laws.
Right to data portability
You can ask us to have the personal data that you've provided to us provided to you in a structured and commonly-used electronic format.
Right not to be subject to decisions made solely on the basis of "automatic processing"
You may object to automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Right to complain to your local regulator
Residents of the European Union and certain other countries have the right to complain about our use of your personal data. Contact details follow.
In the United Kingdom, you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office via their website: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling 0303 123 1113.
In Spain, you can contact the Spanish Agency for Data Protection (AEPD) via their website: https://www.aepd.es/ or by calling 901 100 099 - 912 663 517
In Germany, you can contact the Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (BfDI) via their website: https://www.bfdi.bund.de or you can contact a local data protection authority
In France, you can contact the National Commission on Informatics and Liberty at https://www.cnil.fr
In Austria, you can contact the Austrian Data Protection Authority via their website: https://www.data-protection-authority.gv.at/
In Ireland, you can contact the Data Protection Commission via their website: https://www.dataprotection.ie/
In Switzerland, you can contact the  Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via their website: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch
In Australia, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) via their website: https://www.oaic.gov.au/
In New Zealand you can contact the Privacy Commissioner via their website: https://www.privacy.org.nz/
In Canada you can contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada via their website: https://www.priv.gc.ca/
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy can be raised via our support page or by post at 25 Hosier Lane, London, EC1A 9LQ, addressing your letter to Data Protection Officer.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
This policy was last updated 02/2025