Click here for EULA
Affiliate Disclosure
Note: this is the older privacy policy, the new one is on the first page of the webpage.
Our Privacy Policy
(last update: Jul 2015)
Information we gather
The following information is gathered from our website visitors:
IP address, IDFA and type of device used and email if provided.
How we use the information we gather
We use the information to enhance your visitor experience.
The people that are given access to this information
Your personal information is accessible by email request.
The security measures we have in place to protect your personal information
To safeguard your personal information, nothing else besides an optional email is stored about you.
Our use of cookies
Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website.
Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalise your experience of our website.
Additionally, 3rd party advertisers on our site may use cookies for tracking purposes.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Generated by:
FreePrivacyPolicy.org
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.freeprivacypolicy.org/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Comply with requirements from CPRA, CCPA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator to comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense.
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Terms and Conditions Generator to generate professional attorney drafted Terms & Conditions.
Free Cookie Consent
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes many provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
How the Privacy Policy Generator works
Our intuitive, easy-to-use generator allows you to create a custom Privacy Policy or a Terms & Conditions agreement using our Free Website Privacy Policy Generator or our Free Website Terms & Conditions Generator.
01
Step 1. Generate your Privacy Policy
All you have to do is answer a few simple questions about your business and your Website Privacy Policy or Website Terms & Conditions agreement is created and ready to be added to your web site. In fact, for most people it takes less than 15 minutes.
02
Step 2. Download your Privacy Policy
Log in to your account and download the Privacy Policy you just generated. Each Privacy Policy you generate is saved in our systems and it can be accessed anytime you need it.
03
Step 3. Update or edit your Privacy Policy
If you need to update your Privacy Policy, that's easy. Simply log in back to your account and update your Privacy Policy. Do you want to edit the Privacy Policy text? It's the same easy step: log in & edit your Privacy Policy.
About FreePrivacyPolicy.com
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator! Here at Free Privacy Policy, we've helped more than 1,030,043 site owners create easy-to-read, highly effective, Custom Privacy Policies.
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google AdWords requirements for a Privacy Policy
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practices
Our Free Terms and Conditions Generator includes provisions to help you effectively protect your site and app while limiting your liability:
Provisions for payments, including subscription plans
Provisions for user-generated content (UCG), including copyright infringement notices (such as DMCA)
Provisions for protecting your site and app intellectual property (such as the website design, company logo)
Provisions for limiting liability (such as warranty disclaimers)
1,030,042
Users
1,185,477
Policies Created
533,464,650
Saved on Legal Fees
What our customers say
Rated
4.9
Quick and easy way to secure our company website. Thanks for making this a great user experience.
Anthony - Canine Behavioral Services
Thank you for making it so simple and easy to create a proper and compliant privacy policy!
Andrea - Toronto Success Coach
Thank you for your time and help. Setting up a Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service is easier than I thought.
Casey H - Casis Boutique