Amuser Labo
アミュゼ・ラボ
Home
Apps
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
This company will observe the following fundamental rules regarding the handling of health and personal information within the application (henceforth known as the "app") that Amuser Labo (henceforth known as the Company) provides, and shall be regarded as in agreement with the statutes that accompany the utilization of the app among users.
1 ) Collection and utilization of health information
The Company will store any user health information obtained from HealthKit database within the app and not send the information to servers.
The company will only store health information created by the user within the app or the HealthKit database and will not send the information to servers.
The Company will not utilize the user's health information for marketing or any other advertising purposes.
With the exception of situations where it is necessary to release information for legal reasons, the Company shall not release any of the user's health information to third parties.
2 ) Collection and utilization of personal information
The Company makes use of the Firebase Crashlytics service. This is a service that analyzes crashes within the app, and sends crash information to servers. However, no information specifying the user's identity is sent. The data sent are utilized solely for the purpose of improving product quality.
Other than the above cases, the Company shall not collect or send any personal information obtained from users to servers.
With the exception of situations where it is necessary to release information for legal reasons, the Company shall not release any of the user's personal information to third parties.
3 ) Safety measures
In order to secure the safety of health and personal information, the Company shall take all possible measures for security.
4 ) Observance and review of laws and standards
The Company shall observe applicable laws and other standards related to health and personal information as well as review the contents of this policy in a timely manner in an effort to improve it.
5 ) Disclaimers
Though taking the utmost care with regard to the provided app, the Company does not make any sort of guarantees including those of accuracy, usability, completeness, or recency.
The Company takes absolutely no responsibility for any direct or indirect damage or loss arising from the use of the app.
Update: December 21, 2023
Copyright ©
Amuser Labo
, All Rights Reserved.