Български
Čeština
English
Français
Polski
Română
Slovenčina
简体中文
Privacy Policy
Axonify Inc. (“
Axonify
” or “
we”
) respects an individual's privacy
                  and will only collect, use or disclose your personally identifiable information (“
personal
                    information
”) in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We recognize every individual's right
                  to privacy and acknowledge our obligation to preserve the confidentiality of personal information.
                  This Privacy Policy applies to Axonify’s online learning platform, including the associated Axonify
                  mobile and desktop applications (collectively, the “
Platform
”), Axonify.com and other
                  Axonify websites (collectively, the “
Websites
”) and other interactions (e.g.,
                  customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with Axonify. If you do not agree
                  with the terms of this Policy, do not access or use the Platform, Websites or any other aspect of
                  Axonify’s business.
A separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Platform (the “
Customer
                    Agreement
”), including the processing of any files or other content submitted through
                  Platform accounts (collectively, “
Customer Data
”). The organization (e.g., your
                  employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement
                  (“
Customer
” or “
Employer
”) controls their instance of the Platform
                  (their “
CustomerZone
”) and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions
                  about specific CustomerZone settings and privacy practices, please contact the Customer whose
                  CustomerZone you use.
Information we Collect and Receive
Axonify may collect and receive Customer Data and other information and data (“
Other
                    Information
”) in a variety of ways and in different capacities. For all personal
                  information included in Customer Data, we will be the responsible “data processor,” the party that
                  carries out activities on behalf of the “data controller,” the party who controls the means and
                  purposes of the processing of personal information. When we collect Other Information from you, we
                  will be the data controller.
Customer Data
. Customers or individuals granted access to a CustomerZone through
                    a Customer (“
Authorized Users
”) routinely submit Customer Data to Axonify when
                    using the Platform.
Other Information.
Axonify also
                      collects, generates and/or receives Other Information:
CustomerZone and Account
                          Information. To create or update a CustomerZone account, you or your Employer supply Axonify
                          with your name, email address, employee ID, hire date, job title, department, line of business
                          and/or similar account details.
Usage Information.
Platform
                                Metadata
. When an Authorized User interacts
                              with the Platform, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way
                              Authorized Users work. For example, Axonify logs activity audit records and usage
                              statistics.
Log data
. As with most websites and technology services delivered over
                              the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our
                              Websites or Platform and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet
                              Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Website or
                              Platform, browser type and settings, the date and time the Platform were used, information
                              about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data. For our
                              Websites personal information collected include name, email address, phone number and
                              information about the organization you work for
Device
                                information
. Axonify collects information
                              about devices accessing the Platform, including type of browser or device and what
                              operating system is used.
Location
                                information
. While using our Websites we
                              receive information from you and other third-parties that helps us approximate your
                              location. We may, for example, use an IP address received from your browser or device to
                              determine approximate location.
Cookie Information. Axonify uses
                          cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Platform that help us collect Other
                          Information. For more details about how we use these technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Information Provided to
                          Axonify. We receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or if you participate in
                          a focus group, contest, activity or event, apply for a job, request support, interact with our
                          social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Axonify.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or
                  Other Information (collectively, “
Information
”). However, certain Information is
                  collected automatically and, if some Information, such as CustomerZone setup details, is not provided,
                  we may be unable to provide the Platform.
How we Use Information
Customer Data will be used by Axonify in accordance with Customer’s
                    instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of
                    Platform functionality, and as required by applicable law. In these respects, Axonify is a data
                    processor of Customer Data and Customer is the controller of that data. Customer may, for example,
                    use the Platform to grant and remove access to a CustomerZone, assign roles and configure settings,
                    access, modify, export, share and remove Customer Data and otherwise apply its policies to the
                    Platform.
Axonify uses Other Information it collects in furtherance of our
                    legitimate interests in operating our Platform, Websites, and business. More specifically, Axonify
                    uses Other Information:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Platform, Websites and
                      business.
This includes use of Other Information to support
                      delivery of the Platform under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security
                      or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities or at an Authorized
                      User’s request.
As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation.
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments and
                      questions.
If you contact us, we may use your Other
                      Information to respond.
To send emails and other communications.
We may send you service, technical and other administrative emails,
                      messages and other types of communications. We may also contact you to inform you about changes in
                      our Platform, our Platform offerings and important Platform-related notices, such as security and
                      fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Platform and you may not opt out of
                      them. In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications
                      or other news about Axonify. These are marketing messages so you can control whether you receive
                      them.
In addition, we may contact you about new product features, promotional communications or other
                    news about Axonify. We will only send you commercial messages if you agree to receive them. You can
                    control this process and have the ability to opt-in to these messages or unsubscribe should you no
                    longer wish to receive any commercial messages from us.
We may de-identify and aggregate Other Information.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer
                    reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person (that is, no longer
                    considered personal information), Axonify may use it for any business purpose.
Data Retention
Axonify will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including any
                  applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Platform functionality, and as
                  required by applicable law. Axonify may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as
                  necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This may include keeping your Other
                  Information for the period of time needed for Axonify to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct
                  audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce
                  our agreements.
How we Share and Disclose Information
This section describes how Axonify may share and disclose
                    Information. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of
                    Information, and Axonify does not control how they choose to share or disclose Information.
Customer’s Instructions.
Axonify
                      will solely share and disclose Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions,
                      including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Platform
                      functionality, and in compliance with applicable law and legal process.
Customer Access.
Administrators,
                      Authorized Users and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify or
                      restrict access to Other Information. This may include, for example, your employer using Platform
                      features to export logs of CustomerZone activity, or accessing or modifying your profile
                      details.
Third Party Service Providers and Partners.
We may engage third party companies or individuals as service providers
                      or business partners to process Other Information and support our business. These third parties
                      may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services.We will ensure that any third
                      party processing your information on our behalf does so in compliance with this Policy and
                      applicable law.
Corporate Affiliates.
Axonify may
                      share Other Information with its corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
Aggregated or De-identified Data.
We may use aggregated or de-identified Other Information for any purpose. For example, we may
                      share aggregated or de-identified Other Information with prospects or partners for business or
                      research purposes, such as telling a prospective Axonify customer the average amount of time spent
                      within a typical CustomerZone.
To Comply with Laws.
If we
                      receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe
                      disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal
                      process.
With Consent.
Axonify may share
                      Other Information with third parties when we have consent to do so.
Information Security
Axonify makes reasonable efforts to ensure that any Information you
                    provide is maintained in a secure environment. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet
                    can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your Information, Axonify cannot
                    warrant the security of any Information you transmit to us or from our Platform or Websites, and you
                    do so at your own risk.
Axonify has implemented and maintains reasonable and appropriate
                    security measures, procedures and practices to protect against the loss and unauthorized access,
                    use, modification, destruction or disclosure of your Information while it is in our custody or under
                    our control.  For example, we use TLS encryption, firewalls, anti-virus and system security
                    monitoring.
We also limit access to your Information to those employees,
                    contractors and agents who have a business need to know.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Axonify may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws,
                    regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make
                    changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our
                    Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights,
                    Axonify will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Platform. If you disagree
                    with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should contact your Employer to deactivate your
                    Platform account. Contact your Employer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under
                    their control.
Data Residency and Global Access - Platform
Data protection laws in certain jurisdictions differentiates between
                    the data controller and data processor of information. In the case of the Platform the Customer is
                    the data controller and Axonify is the data processor.
Each Customer has a data residency choice to make when the account is
                    established. Currently they can select to have data stored in the US region or in the EU region
                    (Ireland & Germany).
While the data will be stored as chosen by each Customer based on the
                    above, Axonify personnel may access the data from other locations outside of the specified region.
                    The data will continue to reside in the region selected by the Customer.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, or providing us with any personal
                    information, you agree to the above data residency conditions as chosen by your Employer.
Data Residency and Global Access - Websites
Axonify processes and stores personal information and may use third
                    party providers who may have server(s) based in Canada and the U.S.
If you are located outside of Canada or the U.S, your personal
                    information and other information that we collect through this Website may be transferred to Canada
                    or the U.S, for the purposes described above.  By accepting this Privacy Policy, using this
                    Website or providing us with any personal information, you agree to the transfer of information to
                    Canada or the U.S.
or to the U.S. from Canada, as the case may be.
Links to third party Websites
The Website may contain links to third party websites, plug-ins and
                    applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to
                    collect or share data about you.  Axonify neither owns nor controls these third-party websites
                    and accordingly assumes no responsibility for the information practices of those websites. You
                    should inform yourself with the privacy policies (if any) of those third-party websites.
Withdrawal of Consent
If you wish to withdraw (revoke) your consent for the collection, use
                    or of your Information or Personal Information through the Website at any time, please contact us at
dataprivacy@axonify.com
. Your
                    withdrawal of consent is not retroactive, since Axonify may already have used your information for
                    the purposes described here; it will be applied on a go-forward basis.
If you wish to withdraw (revoke) your consent from the Platform you
                    will need to contact your Employer.
Notices
Notice to California Residents
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents
                    of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an
                    established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal
                    information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party
                    and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during
                    the immediately preceding calendar year. To request a copy of this information or to opt out of
                    these disclosures, please contact our Privacy Officer at
dataprivacy@axonify.com
.
European Economic Area (EEA) Notice
If you are located in a country in the European Union (EU) and utilize our Websites tools which are
                  offered to EU residents, or if we collect, track, use or process in some other way your personal
                  information collected from you or through your use of our Websites, or we transfer that personal
                  information, we will do so in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and in compliance with applicable
                  requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (GDPR).
Transfers of Personal Information
For Customer Data, Axonify is a data processor and responsible for your personal information, which
                  Axonify processes and stores in the region selected by the Customer. Any personal data for which we
                  are the data controller, including “Other Information,” will be processed by us and any third parties
                  we engage in this respect. This includes transferring and otherwise processing data outside of the
                  EEA, which will only be done in accordance with this Policy.
The European Commission has decided that Canada ensures an adequate level of protection of
                  individuals’ personal information. Axonify may use the following safeguards when transferring your
                  personal information to a country, other than the Customers’ selected region, that is not within the
                  EEA:
(a)  Only transfer your personal data to countries that have
                    been deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of protection for personal
                    information;
(b)  Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific
                    contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in
                    the EU.
Opt-in
If you are an EU resident, we may only collect your data using cookies and similar devices on our
                  Websites, and then track and use your personal information where you have first consented to that. We
                  will not automatically collect personal information from you as described above unless you have
                  consented to us doing so. If you consent to our use of cookies and similar devices, you may at a later
                  date disable them. In order to disable cookies please see our Cookies Policy.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you may have rights under the data
                    protection laws in relation to your personal information, including the right to:
Request access to your personal information
Request correction of your personal information
Request erasure of your personal information
Object to processing of your personal information
Request restriction of processing your personal information
Request transfer of your personal information
Right to withdraw (revoke) consent
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact our
                    Privacy Officer and/or
click here
to find out more information about what we
                    may need from you and the time in which we should respond.
Contact our Privacy Officer
Axonify is responsible for personal information under its control and
                    has designated a Privacy Officer who is accountable for this Privacy Policy and applicable Canadian
                    governing laws. Should you have any questions about your personal information or Axonify's privacy
                    practices, please contact our Privacy Officer at the information below.
In relation to our Websites users may contact us with requests that
                    we delete their personal information from our systems, or to request access or correction to their
                    personal information. We will attempt to accommodate such requests to the extent possible. In
                    relation to the Platform user must contact your Employer to request the deletion of personal
                    information from the Platform. If all such information is deleted from our systems, your account may
                    become deactivated. In any event, we may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law
                    or for legitimate business purposes.
The Privacy Officer may be contacted at:
Axonify, Inc.
450 Philip St., Waterloo, Ontario Canada
dataprivacy@axonify.com
519-585-1200 ext 208
You may also contact the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at:
http://www.priv.gc.ca/
or by
                    telephone at: 1-800-282-1376.
[Last Revised:  June 20, 2018]
_______________________________
Details for Clicks Through - European Economic Area
(EEA)
section
Your Legal Rights
Right to
request access
to your personal information (commonly known as a "data
                  subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about
                  you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Right to
request correction
of the personal information that we hold about you. This
                  enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected, though we
                  may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us.
Right to
request erasure
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to
                  delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also
                  have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have successfully
                  exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information
                  unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal information to comply with local law. Note,
                  however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal
                  reasons, which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Right to
object to processing
of your personal information where we are relying on a
                  legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation
                  which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental
                  rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal
                  information for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling
                  legitimate grounds to process your information that override your rights and freedoms.
Right to
request restriction of processing
of your personal information. This
                  enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following
                  scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the information
                  is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the information even if
                  we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have
                  objected to our use of your personal information but we need to verify whether we have overriding
                  legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to
request the transfer
of your personal information to you or to a third
                  party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal information in a
                  structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated
                  information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to
                  perform a contract with you.
Right to
withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process
                  your personal information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out
                  before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain
                  products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your
                  consent.
Information for EU residents who wish to exercise their legal rights
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other
                  rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or
                  excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us to confirm your identity and ensure
                  your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security
                  measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive
                  it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up
                  our response.
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer
                  than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
                  case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
UK Supervisory Authority
The UK supervisory authority for data protection issues is the Information Commissioner’s Office
www.ico.org.uk