END USERS LICENCE AGREEMENT

Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this application. Your use, distribution or installation of this application indicates your acceptance of this License.

If you do not agree to any of the terms of this License, then do not proceed.

In no event shall VNL Entertainment LTD, or its principals, shareholders, officers, employees, affiliates, contractors, subsidiaries, or parent organizations, be liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive or any other damages whatsoever relating to the use of this application.

This Agreement constitutes the entire statement of the Agreement between the parties on the subject matter, and merges and supersedes all other or prior understandings, purchase orders, agreements and arrangements. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Canada. 

VNL Entertainment LTD retains and reserves all rights, titles, and interest in and to all VNL Entertainment LTD owned or licensed intellectual property utilized in and in connection with the Application, including, without limitation, Content, data, registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks, logos, registered and unregistered designs, copyrights, database rights, inventions, patents, trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential and proprietary information of VNL, and all other proprietary or intellectual property rights of any kind in any country (collectively, the ""VNL Entertainment LTD Intellectual Property"").""

VNL Entertainment LTD reserves the rights to terminate any and all services relating to this application without any reason, without any notice.


Strictly prohibited behaviors that will lead to termination of service include, but are not limited to the following:

1.) Exploiting any loopholes for advantages, causing others to be disadvantaged.
2.) Hacking the game.
3.) Posting any kind of scamming, phishing, or hacking related sites, apps, info, etc.
4.) Selling in-game currencies or items for real money or gift cards, or anything of monetary value.  If you ask someone to sell to you, or in any way attempt to cause a sale, it will be treated the same way. 
5.) Revoking an In-App-Purchase after it was made.  It will automatically detect that you did it and terminate all your accounts.
6.) Any behavior that causes grief to other players.