Back
Print
1. PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE WEBSITES OF EVENTIM UK
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of the processing of your personal data when visiting and using the websites of Eventim UK (hereinafter "EVENTIM", "we" or "us"). We are the data controller in respect of your personal information. This privacy notice sets out the basis on which any of your personal information we collect from you or third parties, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
2. SCOPE
2.1 Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to your visit and use of the EVENTIM websites on which a customer account can be created, and tickets can be purchased in our online ticket shops, including online ticket shops that can be accessed via websites of partners (so-called "Partnershops"). This information also applies to our related marketing activities on our websites, third-party websites and in social networks. You can access, save and print this Privacy Policy at any time and free of charge on our websites.
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites and services such as our business partners and advertisers. If you follow a link to any of these websites and/or services, please note that they have their own privacy notices and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for them. Please check any such third party privacy notices before you submit any personal information to these websites or services.
You may contact us at:
Eventim UK
PO Box 75668,
London,
WC1A 9QE
Email: DPO@eventim.co.uk
3. PURPOSES, LEGAL BASIS AND DATA CATEGORIES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Processing for IT security purposes
When using our websites, we process your personal data that is technically necessary for us to make our websites available to you and to ensure stability and security when visiting them.
For this purpose, we process the following personal data:
•	IP address
•	Browser Fingerprints
•	Browser User Agents
For the identification and defense against threats (bot defense, DDoS attacks) and the delivery and acceleration of online applications, we use services of Akamai Technologies GmbH, Parkring 20-22, 85748 Garchin, Germany on our websites. Akamai processes the IP address of your terminal device. Akamai uses this information on behalf of EVENTIM to prevent technical threats and to ensure high availability of our website. The IP address is usually transferred to Akamai servers in the USA and processed there. See Section 4 below.
We use Google reCaptcha v2 on our websites. reCaptcha is an offer from Google (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) and serves to prevent abusive automated entries in web forms and thus to protect the technical systems of EVENTIM. Your IP address is transmitted to Google.
In addition, reCaptcha collects the following data by means of "fingerprinting":
•	browser plugins used;
•	cookies set by Google in the last 6 months;
•	number of mouse clicks and touches you have made on this screen;
•	CSS information for the page you are viewing;
•	Javascript objects;
•	the date;
•	the browser language.
The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its web offers from abusive automated spying and from SPAM. We process your personal data for this purpose on the basis of legitimate interest in providing you with the websites and safeguarding IT security for you when using them.
The privacy policy and terms of use of Google can be found
here
and
here
.
We use Firebase Crashlytics to investigate any errors in our app and to improve our app. Please click
here
to view further information. In connection with the use of Crashlytics, your personal data is transferred to the US (see Section 4 below). Crashlytics is a division of Google LLC.  It is owned and operated by Google LLC.
3.2 Processing for analytical purposes
When you visit our websites, we may analyse and document how you use our websites, e.g. your surfing behaviour on our websites, which events and areas on our website you are interested in and, if you purchase a ticket from us, your order and shopping cart data. Furthermore, we aggregate this data in order to be able to evaluate, for example, the number of website visitors and their origin. For this purpose, we process the following personal data on the basis of your consent:
•	IP address (shortened);
•	Cookies (see Cookie Information on the website) - E-mail address (hashed).
Hashing uses a function whereby your e-mail address is pseudonymised in a non-reversible manner.
For this analysis, we use Google Analytics 360/GA4, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"), on our websites. Google Analytics 360/GA4 uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our websites. The information generated by the cookie about the use of our websites is in general transferred via a server operated by us in Europe to Google Analytics 360/GA4 in the US and stored there (see Section 4 below).
Further information on Google’s terms of use and data protection can be found
here
and
here
.
Explanation of Google's use of third party data
here
As part of display advertising, we carry out various marketing campaigns using tags (pixels) and cookies from our retargeting providers. When you visit our websites, tags and cookies are set and associated with products you have viewed or purchased. Tags  are primarily used for tracking when you add tickets to your shopping cart and proceed to purchase. For this, we process:
•	Web page type called up,
•	viewed product number,
•	when purchasing a ticket: ordered product number, sales value and order number, as well as preferences and
•	cookie IDs.
We process your personal data on the basis of your consent. If you do not want the retargeting function, please click on the following link: Cookie Settings.
In connection with the use of tags and cookies from Google your personal data is transferred to the US (see Section 4 below). For further details on data processing by the retargeting providers, please refer to the corresponding data protection information:
•	Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de;
•	Explanation of Google's use of third party data: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
3.3 Processing for the purpose of individual recommendations on our websites
If you visit our websites, we analyse and document your user behaviour to display individual recommendations on the websites based on this data. For this purpose, we process your IP address (shortened) on the basis of your consent.
For the display of individual recommendations, we use cookies on our web pages, which enable an evaluation and processing of the use of our web pages.
We use an IP anonymization function on our websites. This means that IP addresses are processed in a shortened form; a direct personal reference can thus be excluded.
3.4 Processing for purposes of advertising and re-targeting on third party websites and social networks
If you visit our websites, we process your personal data for advertising measures in the form of remarketing and display advertising as well as with the help of social media plug-ins and for social media ads.
Our partners use the RecoWidget on their websites for remarketing purposes. This tool allows us to show you individual advertising and recommendations for our products and services on our partner websites. At the same time, we add to your customer profile which partner website you have visited. We collect the following personal data on the basis of your consent:
•	IP address (abbreviated);
•	Device ID;
•	Geo information provided by our partners.
As part of display advertising, we carry out various marketing campaigns using tags (pixels) and cookies from our retargeting providers. When you visit our websites, tags and cookies are set and associated with products you have viewed or purchased. This allows you to see individual displays for Eventim UK products. We also play banner ads to Facebook users who have a similar profile to our existing customers and website visitors. For this, we process the following on the basis of your consent:
•	web page type called up;
•	viewed product number;
•	when purchasing a ticket: ordered product number, sales value and order number, as well as preferences and cookie IDs.
In connection with the use of tags and cookies from Google and/or Facebook, your personal data is transferred to the US – see Section 4 below.
For further details on data processing by the retargeting providers, please refer to the corresponding privacy policies:
•	Google here;
•	Explanation of Google's use of third party data here Facebook here.
If you have finished a ticket purchase from us, a cookie is set by Google AdWords and Bing. If you enter corresponding search terms in Internet search engines after your purchase, individual recommendations for EVENTIM products and services can be displayed to you on the basis of your purchase with the help of this cookie (search engine marketing). Your personal data is processed in the process on the basis of your consent.
In connection with the use of Google AdWords and Bing, your personal data is transferred to the US- see Section 4 below.
For further details on data processing by Google AdWords and Bing, please refer to the corresponding privacy policy:
•	Google AdWords here;
•	Explanation of Google's use of third party data here
Bing here.
We place advertisements, so-called social media ads, on the social networks Facebook and Instagram. If you have an account on these social networks and through your account settings on the social network agree to display advertising, you will receive corresponding recommendations on our products and services. The recommendations are generated based on your interests (e.g. "likes" of artists) stored in your public profile on Facebook or Instagram. For this, we process your personal data. Based on your public profile interests (e.g. "likes" of artists) we show you individual advertising. In particular, we process:
•	your IP address;
•	your device / cookie ID;
•	page/feed activity;
•	internet speed;
•	purchasing activities; and
•	social connections to measure ad success. We process your personal data on the basis of your consent.
In doing so, your personal data is transferred to the US. See Section 4 below.
For further details on data processing, we refer you to the Privacy Policy of Facebook and Instagram:
•	Facebook here;
•	Instagram here.
3.5 Purchasing a ticket without an account
When you access our websites, you can obtain information about our products and services without registering a customer account to purchase a ticket in our ticket shop or otherwise actively provide us with information (purely informational use). When you purchase a ticket without an account we process your personal data. We process this personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests and where we have a contract in place with you where you have made a purchase and accepted our terms and conditions.
3.6 Registration and creation of a customer account
When you visit our websites, you can create a customer account. You can use this to purchase tickets, find out about events and leisure activities and receive information about events of your favourite artists via our ticket alert. You can participate in exclusive advance sales, subscribe to newsletters and take advantage of many other benefits relating to your ticket purchase. The registration and use of the customer account requires personal data. Mandatory fields are marked accordingly in the input mask. Due to our legitimate interest, we process your personal data to enable you to create and use your customer account, as well as to enable the sale of tickets, for user-verification in case of changes of personal data in the customer account, and to inform you about our products and services.
3.7 Registration for the customer account with Facebook login
To make it easier for you to create a customer account and log in later, we offer you the option of registering with your Facebook login data. For this, you need a Facebook account. In this respect, the terms of use and privacy policy of Facebook, Inc. apply.
If you click on the button "Log in with Facebook" during registration, a new window opens with input fields for your Facebook login data. By entering your data, you consent to us receiving access to your public Facebook profile.
After successful authentication via your Facebook login data, your Facebook profile and our customer account are linked to each other and you can use our customer account without having to register separately on our websites.
When you register with your Facebook login data in our online customer portal, we process your first and last name and your e-mail address. The use of your Facebook login data by us for your registration is voluntary. We process your personal data on the basis of your consent.
For more information about your registration with your Facebook login details, please see the Terms of Use
here
and Privacy Policy
here
of Facebook, Inc:
3.8 Ticket purchases via the online ticket shop and through the ticketing hotline
We process your personal data when you buy a ticket on our websites in the ticket shop or via our ticketing hotlines and provide personal data. The processing is carried out on the basis of the contract between us (i.e. we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order).
If you purchase a ticket for another person (third party), we process the third party´s personal data (name and, if applicable, contact data) provided by you for ticket personalisation and, if applicable, for sending the ticket to the third party. The processing is carried out on the basis of the contract between us (i.e. we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order). If you provide data of a third party when purchasing a ticket, make sure that the third party is sufficiently informed by you about the processing of his/her data at EVENTIM and that you are entitled to provide the data.
Payments using Visa and Mastercard will be processed by the parent company CTS EVENTIM AG & Co. KGaA, Contrescarpe 75A, 28195 Bremen, Germany. If you pay with a credit card, the so-called 3D-Secure 1.0 procedure (hereinafter: 3DS 1.0) is usually applied. 3DS 1.0 is a worldwide standard of card networks (Visa, MasterCard etc.) developed by EMVCo, an association of card networks. 3DS 1.0 is part of the Payment Service Directive (PSD) as enforced by the Financial Conduct Authority. The 3DS 1.0 process confirms that the person initiating an eCommerce transaction is also authorized to use the respective payment card, i.e. it is intended to prevent the misuse of your credit card. The processing is carried out on the basis of the contract between us (i.e. we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order).
When issuing personalised tickets, we may also process special categories of personal data, such as your health data, if you provide such information when purchasing a ticket and agree that we may process this data. This includes, for example, the information that you are a wheelchair user, have an allergy or intolerance to food or a severe disability. We process this data to provide you with special price categories, special access to an event and special seats during the event. Your data is processed on the basis of your consent.
If you receive and accept a digital ticket (EVENTIM.Pass) from a third person through forwarding, we process your personal data. The processing is carried out on the basis of the contract between us (i.e. we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order).
3.9 Purchasing and selling tickets via fanSALE
As a private person, you can offer and purchase tickets and related EVENTIM services via our ticket exchange fanSALE (available under https://www.fansale.co.uk/fansale/). Please refer to the fanSALE privacy policy available
here
.
3.10 Ticket sales via websites of special cooperation partners
If you purchase tickets through the websites of our cooperation partners ("Partner Sites"), your personal data will be processed in the respective Partnershop for the purpose of providing you with your order. We are jointly responsible for processing your personal data in the context of ticket purchase within the meaning of this section.
We process your personal data as joint controllers with our special cooperation partners, for the purposes and on the legal basis as described in detail in this section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us if you have any inquiries regarding this section 3 of this Privacy Policy at the contact details found at the top of this Privacy Policy. Upon request, we would also provide you with the essentials of the agreement on shared data protection responsibility with our respective cooperation partner.
The processing of data about users of a Partnershop in connection with the use of an Internet offer and its functions outside of order processes (including processing for the purposes of IT security, usage analysis and the display of advertising - if necessary using cookies) - as detailed in this section 3 of this Privacy Policy - is not subject to the joint data protection responsibility with the cooperation partner. EVENTIM is solely responsible for these processing activities.
3.11 Cart Abandonment e-mails
If you have started an order process in our ticket shop on our websites but have not completed it, we will send you a reminder e-mail to the e-mail address stored in your customer account regarding the purchase process you have started. You can complete this purchase process by logging into your customer account on our websites.
We collect and store your personal data to identify unfinished shopping carts. The collection and storage of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests. If you wish to object to the data processing, please click on the yellow Cookie Settings button (in the bottom-left corner of this page).
We process your personal data in order to remind you within the context of marketing measures of purchase processes that you have not yet completed. Whether or not you have purchased a ticket from us, we process your personal data provided in previous order processes due to our legitimate interest in carrying out marketing measures.
3.12 FanBonus
If you register for our FanBonus here, you receive a refund depending on ticket sales. Due to our legitimate interest in carrying out marketing measures and giving you discounts for your loyalty to our company, we process your personal data from your order processes.
3.13 Fan reports/surveys
After visiting an event, you can fill out a survey on the event on our websites or let us and other visitors to our websites know whether you enjoyed the event. Your survey may be published on our websites. To continuously improve our products and services and adapt them to your needs, we also regularly invite our customers to participate in customer surveys. In doing so, we will use the information you provide during the ticket purchase process to contact you.
When you create and publish a fan report/fill out a survey on our websites, we process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest in increasing our reach through marketing measures and in informing other customers about your experiences at the event as well as to improve our products and services.
3.14 Information e-mails and newsletters
If you visit our websites for information purposes only and without an account (Section 3.5) or if you create a customer account (Sections 3.6 and 3.7), you can register for our newsletter. If you would like to be informed as soon as your favourite artists and similar artist events are scheduled, you can register for our TicketAlarm (ticket alert). Via the newsletter and the ticket alert, we inform you about products and services and also advertise them, if necessary, in a personalised way. In doing so, we process your personal data on the basis of your consent.
If you have purchased a ticket from us (Section 3.8) or have won tickets as part of our competitions (Section 3.15), we may send you information e-mails in order to inform you, for example, about the directions, parking spaces and specifications of the promoter (such as bag size). For this purpose, we process your personal data on the basis of the contract between us.
When you subscribe to our newsletter we analyse and document the performance of the newsletters. We process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest of structuring our newsletter in accordance with your needs and to improve the range of our marketing campaigns.
3.15 Competitions
You can participate in various competitions on our websites and social media platforms. For this, we process your personal data to conduct the competition with you and to advertise our events. Your personal data is processed for the purpose of our contract with you (should you win) and due to our legitimate interest in carrying out marketing measures.
3.16 Customer Service
If you have any questions about events, your ticket purchase, your customer account or other EVENTIM products and services, if you wish to exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy or if you wish to make a complaint, you can contact us at the contact details found at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Depending on the subject of your request, we may use your personal data stored in our systems in the course of other data processing (e.g. data that you have provided when purchasing tickets) to answer your questions. If and to the extent necessary to answer your inquiry, we also collect data from external sources (e.g. inquiry with the shipping service provider in the context of a shipment tracking or a request for investigation).
Your personal data are processed for the purpose of executing the contract with you. If you exercise your rights towards us, we process your personal data for the purpose of fulfilling a legal obligation. If you wish to inform yourself about our products and services or to make a complaint, we process personal data due to our legitimate interests in carrying out marketing measures and responding to your complaint.
If you send us health data within the scope of your inquiry (e.g. information that you have a severe disability), we process this personal data only and insofar as this is necessary to answer your request and you have given us your express consent.
3.17 Other processing
Performance of internal audits and compliance
If we implement compliance programs and measures, for example to implement the requirements of the UK Corporate Governance Code (UKCG Code) and to identify and correct misconduct, corresponding processing of your data may also occur. Additionally, your personal data can be processed within Eventim UK, the Eventim Group in Germany and abroad in connection of internal audits.
We process your personal data to comply with our statutory obligations and on the basis of our legitimate interests in reviewing the processes and efficiency in the group of companies, correcting any misconduct and preventing fraud and, if necessary, in enforcing and/or defending our rights.
Preparation of analyses
On the basis of your data, which we process as defined in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy, we may prepare analyses. These serve as the basis for business decisions to improve our products and services and adapt them to the needs of our customers. We process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving our offering. The analyses created on this basis no longer contain any personal references, meaning it is no longer possible to draw any conclusions about your person.
4. STORAGE AND ERASURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1. We store your personal data for as long and as far as it is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed (Section 3).
4.2. As soon as the data is no longer required for the purposes stated in Section 3, we store your personal data for the period in which you can assert claims against us or we against you (statutory limitation period usually of three years, beginning at the end of the year in which the claim arises; e.g. at the end of the ticket transaction).
4.3. In addition, we store your personal data for as long as and insofar as we are legally obliged to do so. Eventim UK retains personal data for fifteen years, unless you exercise your right to be forgotten (erasure). Data is retained for this period to ensure we can comply with any legal obligations that may arise where we are required to share historic data. (e.g., The financial services code, United Kingdom commercial law, United Kingdom Money Laundering Regulations).
4.4. The personal data that we or our third parties collect may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the EEA or the UK, as described above. These countries may have less strict, or no data protection laws when compared to those in the EEA or the UK. We will take steps which are reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information when it is transferred in this way and to make sure it is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In these cases, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms (such as standard contractual clauses) to ensure your information is subject to adequate safeguards in the recipient country. If you are located in the UK or the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal information and privacy rights in these circumstances.
5. CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
5.1. When providing, implementing and managing our products and services, we collaboratively transfer your personal data to companies within the EVENTIM Group as part of an work-sharing process. The transfer is based on our legitimate interest in carrying out internal administrative activities efficiently and collaboratively, for fraud prevention to ensure the security of our customer accounts, as well as in improving our products and services.
5.2. If you purchase tickets on the websites of our partners or other companies within the EVENTIM Group, we transfer your personal data to them for operational purposes (on the basis of our contract with you and our legitimate interests) or marketing purposes if you give us your consent for this.
5.3. When you purchase tickets on the websites of our special cooperation partners (Section 3.10), we process your personal data as joint controllers with our partners. On the basis of the agreement concluded with our partners, we transfer your personal data for the purpose of contract execution and, if applicable, processing with you on the basis of our legitimate interests. We also transfer your personal data to our partners for statistical evaluations due to our legitimate interest in improving our products and services together with our partners on the basis of these analyses and carrying out marketing measures.
5.4. In addition to this, your personal data is transferred to IT service providers who provide the platforms, databases and tools for our products and services (e.g. our website, the sale of tickets, sending of newsletters and information e-mails), create analyses of user behaviour on our websites, display marketing campaigns and process your personal data on our behalf as part of ticket purchases. The transfer of your personal data takes place on the basis of our contract with you, due to our legitimate interest in improving and promoting our products or on the basis of your consent.
5.5. When you purchase a ticket on our websites, we offer you various payment options. For the processing of the payment and, if necessary, a refund of the purchase price, we transfer your personal data to banks, payment service providers, financial service providers and credit card companies, depending on the selected payment method. We transfer your personal data for the processing of your ticket purchase and, if necessary, the reverse transaction on the basis of our contract with you.
5.6. If you select "PayPal" as payment option when purchasing tickets, we transfer your personal data. Your personal data is transferred based on your selected payment method and in order to process the payment with you. In doing so, your personal data is transferred to the US. See Section 4 above.
5.7. If we send you your ticket by postal services, we transfer your personal data to shipping service providers. The transfer takes place for the basis of our contract with you, so we can provide your order.
5.8. In the context of legal disputes, we transfer your data to the competent court and, if you have appointed a lawyer, to him/her to carry out the legal dispute. We process your personal data on the basis of a legal obligation.
5.9. We are entitled to transfer your personal data to the Event Organizer if there is a suspicion that you have violated the Organizer's general terms and conditions, so that the organizer can take legal action or assert other legal claims against you. The processing of your personal data is carried out on the basis of the legitimate interests of the respective organiser for the purpose of legal prosecution.
5.10. For some events we create so-called guest lists on behalf of the respective organizer and transmit them to the organizer so that they can carry out the allocation of seats and take into account menu requests. If you take part in our competitions (Section 3.15), we transmit the personal data of the winner to the respective promoter of the competition for this purpose. We transfer your personal data on the basis of our contract with you. If and as far as this is necessary for the event, we also transfer health data (e.g. information on allergies at food events), if you have provided this information when purchasing a ticket and given us your consent.
5.11. Information e-mails and newsletters (Section 3.14) are sent by service providers commissioned by us and, in some circumstances we may analyse and document your use of them. For this purpose, we transfer your personal data to the service providers. In doing so, we process your personal data as follows:
5.11.1. If you give us your consent to send you newsletters when visiting our websites for information purposes only (Section 3.5) or when creating a customer account (Sections 3.6 and 3.7), we transfer your data on the basis of your consent.
5.11.2. After purchasing a ticket (Sections 3.8, 3.9 and 3.10) or after successful participation in a competition (Section 3.15) we transfer your personal data in order to provide you with information on the event, on the basis of our contract with you.
5.11.3. In order to analyse the use of our newsletter, we transmit your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests in structuring our newsletter in accordance with your needs and to improve the range of our marketing measures.
5.11.4. We transfer your personal data to the Google service Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) to send the web browser pushes. Your data is processed on the basis of your consent.
5.12. We conduct customer surveys and customer evaluations. For this purpose, your contact details are sent to our mailing service providers, via whom we invite you to our surveys and evaluations. We process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving our products and services on the basis of your evaluation and conducting surveys and evaluations efficiently.
Beyond this, we transfer your personal data only and insofar a legal obligation exists on our part to pass it on. The transfer takes place on the basis of our legal obligations (e.g. to the police authorities in the context of criminal investigations or to the data protection supervisory authorities).
6. JUSTIFIED INTERESTS IN DATA PROCESSING AND OBJECTION
6.1. To the extent, we process your personal data on the basis of these legitimate interests, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation. Notwithstanding the above, in cases of direct advertising (such as newsletters or retargeting measures) you have the right to withdraw your consent/object at any time to the processing of your personal data without giving reasons. We will then no longer process your data for this/these purpose(s) unless our legitimate interests in processing overweight or the processing serves to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. To exercise these rights, please contact us at the contact details found at the top of this Privacy Policy.
7. CONSENT AND REVOCATION OF YOUR CONSENT
7.1. If you have given us your consent for the processing of your personal data, you can revoke this at any time. Your consent to the use of your email address for the purpose of advertising or market or opinion research can be revoked independently in the login area "My EVENTIM". To log out of all subscribed email services, please log in to "My EVENTIM"
here
and select "Unsubscribe" on the page "Newsletter & Ticket Alarm" in the bottom section: Otherwise, you can contact us at the contact details found at the top of this Privacy Policy.
7.2 If you revoke your consent, we will process your personal data collected in this context to respond to your inquiry. Your personal data is processed in order to fulfil our legal obligations.
YOUR RIGHTS
8.1. You may at any time request that we:
8.1.1. provide you with information about the personal data concerning you that we process;
8.1.2. rectify any personal data concerning you that is inaccurate; and/or
8.1.3. erase, restrict and/or request to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information.
8.2. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the contact details found at the top of this Privacy Policy.
8.3. If you assert your rights against us, we process your personal data collected in this context to answer your inquiry. Your personal data is processed in order to fulfil our legal obligations.
8.4. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO) if you believe that we have processed your personal information in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights. If you have such concerns we request that you initially contact us (using the contact details at the top of this Privacy Policy) so that we can investigate, and hopefully resolve, your concerns.
9. OTHER
We reserve the right to supplement and amend the content of the Privacy Policy. The updated data protection information is valid from the time it is published on our websites. We will inform you in good time about these amendments and supplements on our websites. You will be given the opportunity to view, print and save the amended Privacy Policy free of charge.
COOKIES POLICY
This cookie information provides information about the use of cookies on websites of Eventim UK and affiliates of EVENTIM referred to here as EVENTIM, “we” or “us“.
When using our websites, cookies are stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files that are assigned and stored on your hard disk by the browser you use. Cookies allow certain information to flow back to us. This information contains personal data. Cookies also enable the recognition of your browser. For instance, after leaving the website, the content of your shopping basket is reconstructed or events recently viewed are displayed again.
If you give your consent that we may store certain or all cookies on your computer, a corresponding consent ID is generated and stored. The basis on which we process this personal information is described above. If you would like object to the data processing, please click on the yellow Cookie Settings button (in the bottom-left corner of this page).
10.1. Types of cookies used
First-party cookies:
We use first-party cookies, i.e. cookies placed by our server on our websites and which can only be accessed via our server.
Third-party cookies:
Our websites also incorporate third-party cookies which are placed by servers of others and/or our websites or domains and that can be read by third parties. With these cookies, your browser can be tracked beyond our website, for instance so as to be able to display EVENTIM advertisements on the websites of our partner companies.
10.2. Storage period of the cookies
Session cookies:
Some of the cookies we use are session cookies, i.e. cookies which are only stored for the duration of your visit to our website.
Persistent cookies:
We also use persistent cookies which stay saved on your browser after the session and are automatically deleted after a predefined expiry date.
10.3. Purposes of using cookies
Essential cookies:
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functionality cookies:
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you deactivate these cookies, then some of our services may not function properly.
Performance cookies:
These cookies collect information about how you use our site, e.g. which pages you go to most often.
Marketing cookies:
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store personal information directly but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you deactivate these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
10.4. Cookie settings by users
Via your browser settings you can limit or completely prevent the storage of (certain) cookies for all websites and delete any cookies that have already been saved. For more information about how to reject cookies using your internet browser settings please consult the “Help” section of your internet browser (or alternatively visit http://www.aboutcookies.org). Our websites can in principle still be visited and used after restricting/deactivating cookies in the browser settings. However, please note that in particular the complete deactivation of cookies can limit the functionalities of our websites. You can prevent future collection of your data when visiting our websites by clicking on the yellow Cookie Settings button (in the bottom-left corner of this page) and changing your settings there.
Other cookie service provider(s), in addition to those outlined in our Privacy Policy:
AdRoll
AdTriba
Atlas Solutions, LLC
Awin
Eventim UK
Flashtalking (AEG)
Frosmo
Maxymiser
Mitra Intelligence
Mixpanel
NextRoll
Quantcast
Sizmek
Stay22
Tag Commanders
Tapad
The Adex
TikTok
Twitter
Versatag (AEG)
Webloyalty
YouTube
Last updated: March 2025