TERMS OF SERVICE:
1. LEGAL NOTICE
The website
https://www.spacego.games
is owned by the company SPACE GO GAME STUDIO S.L. (hereinafter, «SPACE GO» or «the Company»), a Spanish company with registered office at Carretera Castellar, number 338, 08226, Terrassa (Barcelona), SPAIN holder of Tax ID number ESB-57.715.054 and registered in the Companies Register of Barcelona, volume 47.666, Folio 146, Page B-558753, Entry 10.
SPACE GO makes the aforementioned website and all its games (hereinafter referred to individually as the «Game» and collectively as the «Games») available to Internet users so that they can play through the application for this purpose (hereinafter referred to as the «App») or, where appropriate, through the website of the Game; as well as contact SPACE GO or find out the conditions for playing.
2. PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF APPLICATION OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By accessing the Game and the
https://www.spacego.games
website (hereinafter, the «Website»), you become a user (hereinafter, the «User»).
These Terms and Conditions, together with the Privacy Policy, govern the use of the Game and the Website and the relationship between SPACE GO and the User. These Terms and Conditions will always be available to you in English so that you can consult them at any time both on the Website and in the Game.
By accessing and starting to use the Game, you accept these Terms and Conditions. Please be sure to read them carefully before you start playing.
For any questions regarding SPACE GO’s handling of your personal data, you can visit the
Privacy Policy
and the
Cookies Policy
, which will also be available in English so that you can consult them whenever you wish, both on the Website and in the Game. In any case, if you have any questions about the processing of personal data, you can contact us by e-mail at
dpo@spacego.games
.
The Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy have been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the applicable regulations on the Internet, consumers and users, e-commerce and data protection.
3. ACCESS TO THE GAME
Through the App or, where applicable, the Game’s website, SPACE GO makes the Game available to the User so that they can play for free or acquire and purchase virtual coins and items in order to improve their progress and level of play.
Access to and downloading of the App or, where applicable, the Game’s website, is free of charge, except for the cost of the connection through the telecommunications network provided by the access provider contracted by the Users. The User may install and uninstall the App on the same device as many times as he/she wishes, without any limitation.
SPACE GO makes the App and Website, as well as its contents available to all Users without geographical limitation. The User may freely browse the App and the Website and access it as many times as he/she wishes.
4. GAME PROHIBITIONS FOR MINORS
Access to and use of the Game by minors is strictly prohibited. By accessing the Game, you declare that you are of legal age and that you have the necessary legal capacity to play, declaring that you fully understand and accept these Terms and Conditions.
SPACE GO reserves the right to verify the veracity of the above, and to do so, request a photocopy of your ID card or equivalent. Likewise, SPACE GO will not assume any responsibility for persons who do not comply with these Terms and Conditions, current applicable regulations or who are minors.
5. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE GAME
As a User you agree to use the Game and the Website in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, applicable law and in good faith.
As a User, you agree and acknowledge that the use of the content and/or services offered in the Game and the Website is at your sole risk and responsibility. SPACE GO is not responsible for the way in which you use them.
Likewise, any fraudulent, abusive, illicit or contrary to good faith use of the Game and the Website, as well as any of the functionalities offered, including, but not limited to, the purchase of virtual products in the online shop, is expressly prohibited.
In any case, as a User, you must refrain from:
Reproduce, distribute, publicly communicate, transform or modify the Game and/or the Website, as well as any of its contents, including these Terms and Conditions, regardless of the purpose of such use, without prior written permission from SPACE GO.
Introduce into the Game and/or the Website or its network data programs that may cause damage to the computer systems of SPACE GO, its suppliers or third parties.
Carry out any type of activity that is illicit, fraudulent, contrary to these Terms and Conditions, current legislation and/or good faith or that prevents and/or hinders the correct use of the Game and/or the Website or its contents.
Insert in other websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks, any kind of link or link that allows linking or reproducing the Game and/or the Website or the contents thereof with such websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks that are contrary to law, offensive or offensive to human dignity, fundamental rights or the Company itself and/or are likely to be considered as criminal.
Introduce and/or disseminate content in the Game and/or the Website that violates human rights and human dignity, such as racist, xenophobic or pornographic content or content that advocates terrorism.
Any actions carried out by the User in contravention of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, good faith and current legislation shall entitle SPACE GO to take appropriate legal action to defend its rights.
6. PROCESS OF ACCESSING THE GAME
The User can access the Game by downloading the App through the App Store and/or Google Play, and/or by accessing the website of the Game.
Depending on the Game in question, the User is offered the possibility of logging into the Game through different alternatives, namely:
By linking the account of the User’s service or social network such as Facebook Connect, Google Sign-In or Apple Sign-In;
Logging in as a guest, without the need to enter any personal data; or
By registering with the Game by entering your email address and creating your own account.
Either way, from the moment the Game is accessed, SPACE GO assigns a User ID number to the player, which allows SPACE GO to identify and remember the player as a User.
When the User accesses through a Facebook, Apple or Google account, SPACE GO stores the ID of said social network or application and links it to said account. Thus, if the User wishes to access from another device or play again after having uninstalled the App and reinstalled it, he/she will be able to resume the previous game and continue to have all the virtual coins and items that he/she had previously purchased or obtained.
In the event that the User registers and creates his/her own account, SPACE GO will store the user account, so that, even if the User uninstalls the App and then reinstalls it or accesses it from another device, when logging in with his/her game account, he/she will be able to resume the previous game and continue to have access to all the virtual coins and items that he/she had previously purchased or obtained.
However, SPACE GO warns that in case of accessing as a guest without registering, the Company only and exclusively stores the ID of the device. Therefore, in the event of changing device or uninstalling and reinstalling the App on the same device, the User will lose all progress in the Game and will also lose all virtual coins and items previously purchased or obtained.
7. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
As mentioned above, some of our Games will require the User to create his or her own account and register as a User by providing us with his or her e-mail address. In such cases, the User agrees not to provide his or her login details to others and to prevent others from using such login details or his or her account. Thus, the User account is for exclusive and personal use only and may not be transferred to any other person.
Likewise, in cases where the Game is accessed via Facebook account or other services, the User also agrees not to provide his/her login details to other persons and to prevent others from using such login details or his/her account.
SPACE GO will assume that the person logging in as a User through the game account is the rightful owner of the account and the data or that someone with the owner’s permission is accessing it. Therefore, if you do not keep your login details secret or if you share your login details or your account with anyone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you accept full responsibility for the consequences of that action, including any unauthorised purchases that may occur.
We will not be liable for any loss suffered by You as a result of any unauthorised person accessing Your account or using the Games, and accept no responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from such unauthorised use, whether fraudulent or otherwise.
In order to prevent fraudulent access and/or use of your username and password by third parties, we recommend the following guidelines:
Use a password that contains 8 characters or more and that the password contains letters, numbers and other characters.
Avoid using dates, names or data that may be or become known.
Log out whenever you visit the website of the Webgame and log in as a user.
Do not give your password to third parties.
Do not save your password or activate the «Save password» option in your browser.
If you access the Game website from a computer other than your usual one, log out at the end of the session.
Likewise, in those games where it is necessary to create a User account, SPACE GO offers the possibility of deleting the game account.
In the event that the account is closed, the User will not be able to access or use their previous account at a later date and, consequently, will not be able to resume their previous game or continue to have access to all the virtual coins and items they had previously purchased or obtained. This is without prejudice to being able to access your blocked data by exercising your right of access, as set out in the Privacy Policy.
Likewise, in the event that the account is closed, the User shall not be entitled to any refund in relation to the products purchased and not refunded.
In any case, the use of photographs and user names for the profile that are offensive or violate the dignity of persons, offensive messages in the chat and the creation of multiple accounts for fraudulent purposes, as well as the use of more than one account per User, are expressly prohibited. Should any of the above be detected, including the creation of multiple accounts for fraudulent or similar purposes by the same User, SPACE GO reserves the right to permanently delete and/or block all accounts created and the right to expel, i.e. permanently close the accounts or prevent access to such User who has an account or wants to open an account in any other SPACE GO Game.
8. COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN USERS
SPACE GO provides Users with communication tools that allow Players to communicate with each other and interact in a text chat, in addition to playing with the multiplayer option.
In any event, the User is advised that SPACE GO is not obligated to monitor the use of chat. However, SPACE GO reserves the right to review the content and any material posted, sent or made available by Users through the chat, to monitor the use of the chat and to monitor the conversations and activities that take place within the chat, including through the use of automatic filters, to ensure that the User complies with our terms of service. SPACE GO also reserves the right to prevent the use of the chat or block the sending of any message for any reason. SPACE GO may at any time, without prior notice, remove any material or content posted, sent or made available through the chat, as well as take measures to restrict gaming activity for breach of these Terms and Conditions, and to communicate or disclose any information, when required by law or by a competent judicial or administrative authority.
All of this is for the purpose of maintaining the security of the Game and ensuring compliance with the applicable regulations and these General Terms and Conditions. SPACE GO will not use the content of your chat messages for any other purpose.
Further, SPACE GO does not control or endorse the content, messages, materials, activities or information that Users communicate, distribute, disseminate or post in the Game chat or on the Website, and therefore disclaims any and all liability for any claim or demand related thereto and Users’ access and/or use thereof.
The Player is and shall remain solely responsible for all information, messages and any other material or content of any kind that the User posts, disseminates, communicates, discloses or makes available on or through the chat and for any consequences thereof.
Specifically, and without limitation, it is forbidden to use the Game chat for the following uses and the User undertakes not to do so:
Defame, abuse, annoy, harass, threaten or otherwise violate fundamental rights, such as the right to privacy, honour and self-image of other Users.
Publish, disseminate, communicate, disclose, send, receive, download, distribute or in any way make available any material, content or information that: (i) is or may be illegal or non-compliant with applicable law, or that promotes illegal or non-compliant activities; (ii) solicits personal information; (iii) is threatening, abusive or harmful to a person or group of persons; (iv) is defamatory, libellous or defamatory; (v) constitutes false testimony about a person or their property or business in a malicious manner; (vi) is misleading or fraudulent; (vii) breaches the confidence or invades the privacy of any person; or in any way infringes the rights of any other person.
Send, disseminate or include advertising or commercial communications, reference links or make offers to buy or sell goods or services to Users.
Collect and store other people’s personal data, including email addresses, or publish other people’s personal data or information.
Infringe, or promote the infringement of, any applicable law or regulation, or the rights of a third party.
We also remind the User to be sceptical about information provided by other players. You acknowledge that use of any recommendations posted on any of them is at your own risk. For example: we are not responsible for, and do not endorse, the opinions, advice or recommendations posted or submitted by Users in the chat and specifically disclaim any and all liability in this regard.
We have no obligation to You and therefore may refuse to post, deliver, remove, modify or otherwise make use of or take any action with respect to any communications made by You in the SPACE GO chat.
9. MULTIPLAYER GAMEPLAY
SPACE GO offers the possibility for Users to play against an opponent or with other Users. Thus, the User may
Choose to play with or against another User that SPACE GO selects, or
Play with or against one of their contacts from a platform or social network where they have allowed interaction with our Game. Our Game may allow you to search for your friends to play with or against or we may even show you the usernames of previous opponents so that you can easily find them and play against them again.
Where SPACE GO selects other Users or opponents for you or groups you with other Users in a game mode, we may do so randomly or use whatever criteria we deem appropriate to make these selections (e.g. previous scores, your country, levels achieved in the Game or other gaming activities).
By accessing and/or playing our Game, you agree that we may display in any and all media used by SPACE GO, your username, rating, avatar, country, connection status and other related details (whether existing now or in the future), in perpetuity and for all countries worldwide, for the purpose of facilitating multiplayer, free of charge, including (without limitation) to other Users in our games or as part of our own marketing strategy. You also understand and agree that other Users may be able to find you by searching for your email address or username. Please note that in public we will only display your username, not your email address; other Users will need to know your email address in advance in order to search for you.
10. PURCHASE PROCESS
The SPACE GO Games offer integrated purchases that will allow the User to purchase coins, boxes, chests, among other virtual items depending on the Game in question, which will allow the User to enjoy certain game advantages. To purchase any of the products you must access the Game’s online shop through the «Shop»/»Purchase» tab or similar available in the Game or and select the products you wish to purchase. Once you have confirmed the amount of coins or any virtual goods you wish to purchase, you will be able to make payment in the following ways:
Through your Google Play or App Store account, in case you are playing through the Game App; or,
Through the payment method of your choice, if you are playing through the Game’s website, by following the steps of the purchase process, filling in and checking the information requested at each step.
The purchase made entails the issuance of a ticket or receipt with the essential conditions of the purchase operation in the name of the User. This receipt or document accrediting the transaction and confirming the purchase will be sent to the e-mail address provided by the User.
The User may use the following payment methods, depending on the Game being played:
Credit or Debit Card (VISA, Mastercard, American Express)
Paysafecard
Paypal
SEPA bank transfer
Trustly
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Facebook Payments
Once the payment for the purchased product has been correctly processed, the User will be able to enjoy it during the Game. Likewise, Users are informed that l
However, the User is reminded that, in the event of account closure, the User will not be able to access or subsequently use his/her previous account and, consequently, will not be able to resume the previous game or continue to have access to all the virtual coins and items that he/she had previously purchased or obtained. Likewise, in the event of account closure, the User shall not be entitled to any refund in relation to the products purchased and not refunded.
Furthermore, as stated above, the User is advised that in the event of accessing the Game as a guest without registering, the Company will only and exclusively store the device ID. Therefore, in the event of changing device or uninstalling and reinstalling the App on the same device, the User will lose all progress in the Game and all virtual coins and items previously purchased or obtained will not be available to the User. Similarly, the User shall not be entitled to any refund in relation to products purchased and not refunded.
11. VIRTUAL CURRENCIES AND VIRTUAL GOODS
The coins and other virtual items available in the Game, once purchased, have no monetary value and cannot be exchanged for money or any real item or service. In any case, the User does not own the virtual coins or items, but only acquires a limited and revocable personal licence to use them.
Furthermore, such products are consumed during the use of the Game and cannot be transferred between devices or to third parties.
In any event, it is expressly prohibited to buy, sell, trade or otherwise transfer virtual currency and any other products offered by the Game outside the scope of SPACE GO services. By accepting these Terms and Conditions, the User agrees that the virtual currencies and any other items are not transferable to anyone else, and that the User agrees not to transfer or attempt to transfer them to anyone else. Any violation of this restriction may result in automatic account termination or closure.
Some of our virtual goods have surprise content in virtual coins or goods, so the purchase of a surprise content does not imply the direct obtaining of any type of virtual object or amount of specific coins.
Below are the odds of the virtual goods with surprise content available in Space Go:
Mundo Slots Collections
:
Jade Box: 1 card (93% common, 7% rare, 0% epic)
Ruby Box: 2 cards (78% common, 12% rare, 10% epic)
Sapphire Box: 3 cards (25% common, 54% rare, 21% epic)
Vip Bonus
:
Reel 1: 9,26%
(
*fewer virtual currency
)
Reel 2: 16,20%
Reel 3: 20;83%
Reel 4: 30,09%
Reel 5: 9,26%
Reel
6: 4,63%
Reel 7: 4,63%
Reel 8: 2,31%
Reel 9: 1,39%
Reel 10: 0,46%
Reel 11: 0,46%
Reel
12: 0,46%
(
*
more virtual currency
)
*Each Reel contains a number of coins based on the price attributed to the value of buying the coins in the online shop.
12. PRICES
The price shown for each virtual product in the shop corresponds to the price in force at the time the User accesses it and includes the corresponding taxes. In any case, VAT will be applied at the corresponding rate in accordance with current legislation.
SPACE GO also reserves the right to unilaterally change the prices of the virtual products offered in the Game at any time, although this modification will not affect, except as mentioned above, orders previously placed by the User.
In the event of any problems with the operation of the game, the User shall not be entitled to make any changes to the prices of the virtual products offered on the Game.
13. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
The right of withdrawal is the right of the User as a consumer to withdraw from the contract entered into with a company when purchasing a certain product within 14 calendar days from receipt of the order, without the need to provide the company with any justification or bear any penalty.
Taking into account that the coins and other virtual items are digital content, SPACE GO informs that, in accordance with Article 103 paragraph m) of the LDCyU, Users will not have the right of withdrawal for the purchase of the aforementioned products while browsing the Game in the terms expressed in the same article.
14. ATTENTION TO THE USER
SPACE GO makes available to Users the email address
info@support.spacego.games
so that Users can contact SPACE GO in case they have any doubts, queries or request information about these Terms and Conditions or the purchase process, suggestion or complaint.
Online Dispute Resolution
: in accordance with Art. 14.1 of Regulation (EU) 524/2013, the European Commission provides a free access platform for the resolution of online disputes between the User and the Provider, without recourse to the courts of law, through the intervention of a third party, called a Dispute Resolution Body, which acts as an intermediary between the two. This body is neutral and will dialogue with both parties to reach an agreement, and may finally suggest and/or impose a solution to the conflict. Link to the ODR platform:
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
15. INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The Game and all of its contents (text, software, graphics, etc.) are subject to protection in application of current Intellectual and/or Industrial Property regulations. SPACE GO is the owner or has duly licensed all Intellectual and Industrial Property rights over the Game and the Website and its contents.
Any form of reproduction, distribution, public communication, transformation, making available and, in general, any other act of exploitation, whether or not for commercial purposes of the Website and the Game or its contents, is prohibited without the express prior consent of SPACE GO. As long as the User accepts and complies with these Terms and Conditions, he/she will be the holder of a non-exclusive license to use the Game and its contents, personal and non-transferable, for the sole purpose of using the Game and its contents under the Terms and Conditions established.
SPACE GO reserves all Intellectual and Industrial Property rights over the Game and the Website, the Game and its contents. In no case and under no circumstances does downloading and/or accessing constitute or imply a transfer of any kind by SPACE GO of the Intellectual or Industrial Property rights of the Game or its contents.
By reproducing, disseminating, publishing, sharing or sending the User any content in or through the Game and/or the Website, the User guarantees to SPACE GO that he/she is the legitimate owner of the same or that he/she holds the image, Intellectual and/or Industrial Property rights or any other rights necessary for its use, reproduction and public communication of the same. Likewise, by reproducing, disseminating, publishing, sharing or sending any content, regardless of its nature or content, in or through the Game and/or the Website, the User irrevocably and free of charge assigns to SPACE GO, on a non-exclusive basis, for the entire world, until such content enters the public domain, all intellectual property exploitation rights in all its forms, including the right to sublicense such rights to third parties.
16. WARRANTY AND LIABILITY
The User must use the Game and the Website and its contents in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, current legislation and good faith. Any use of the Game and the Website or its contents contrary to these Terms and Conditions, the law or good faith is expressly prohibited, regardless of whether or not such use has an economic purpose.
The User will be responsible for any damage or harm caused to SPACE GO or third parties derived directly or indirectly from any use of the Game and the Website or its content contrary to these Terms and Conditions, law, morality, public order or good faith.
SPACE GO requires services provided by third parties in order for the Game, the Website and its contents to be accessible. It is possible that despite SPACE GO’s efforts to keep them available and accessible, availability may be suspended, interrupted or cancelled for reasons beyond SPACE GO’s control. Therefore, SPACE GO does not guarantee that there will be no interruptions or errors in access to the App and the Website or its contents, nor that they are up to date or displayed in their latest version. Consequently, SPACE GO disclaims any liability for damages or losses that may arise to the User as a result of the suspension, interruption, lack of continuity, network failure or disconnection of the App and the Website.
In no case and under no circumstances will SPACE GO be liable for any damages or losses arising to the User from non-imputable causes such as, but not limited to, natural disasters, situations of force majeure or extreme urgency, viruses, harmful components, malfunctioning of the browser, computer intrusions or attacks by third parties.
In any case, SPACE GO reserves the right to suspend, restrict or terminate access to the Game and/or all or part of its services, as well as to temporarily suspend and/or definitively cancel, unilaterally and at any time, with or without prior notice, the User’s Game account, in the event that the content, conduct or any activity carried out by the User within the Game and all its functionalities, including chat, violates these General Terms and Conditions, the law, good faith, morality or public order. The use or exploitation in bad faith, fraudulent, abusive and/or contrary to these General Terms and Conditions and/or the Game by any User will lead to the closure of the account or the impossibility of access by the User, without the right to any compensation or indemnity, losing all his progress in the Game and all the virtual coins and items he had previously purchased or obtained, without the right to any reimbursement.
17. LINKS
The external websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks that link or link to the Game and the Website must clearly inform that they do not have the authorization or supervision of SPACE GO and that such link or link does not entail, imply or imply any type of association between SPACE GO and the external websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks that link or link to them.
SPACE GO is not responsible in any case and under no circumstances for the contents, information or data related to the Game and the Website, its contents or any other matter contained in the websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks that link or link to the Game and the Website.
It is expressly forbidden to link or link to the Game and the Website from websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks contrary to the law, morality and good customs, especially those with pornographic, illicit, illegal or infringing on human rights contents.
On the other hand, the Game and the Website may contain links to third party websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks. Despite our efforts, SPACE GO does not have the human and/or technical means to know or control the information and/or content appearing on third party websites. Therefore, SPACE GO shall in no case be responsible for the content of the linked sites and under no circumstances shall such links be considered effective knowledge of the content of the sites to which they link. In the event that the User notices that the websites, platforms, forums, chats, blogs or social networks to which the links contained in the Game and the Website may link are contrary to the law, he/she may inform SPACE GO.
18. SECURITY
SPACE GO informs Users that the use of the electronic payment system included in the Game and on the Website to purchase the products offered may constitute a crime of electronic fraud when any of the following events occur:
False data of the purchaser or of the number of the card used as a means of payment is provided.
The data of persons other than the purchaser are used.
The condition of holder of other people’s cards is usurped.
Card numbers generated by computer programs or similar algorithms are used.
SPACE GO also informs Users that the Game and the Website incorporate appropriate safeguards and uses industry standard technology to enhance the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and protection of the personal data it has collected, and has put in place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss or misuse. Its data protection and security standards are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and it strives to ensure that only authorized persons can access the information provided by Users.
19. DATA PROTECTION
As established in our Privacy Policy, SPACE GO undertakes to treat the Users’ data always respecting their confidentiality and to use them in accordance with the purposes for which they are collected, as well as to comply with the obligations that are required in terms of data protection, adopting the necessary measures to prevent alteration, loss, treatment or access by unauthorized third parties, in accordance with the provisions of current legislation on the protection of personal data.
To learn more about how we treat personal data, please read our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
20. DURATION AND MODIFICATION
The present Terms and Conditions will be in force until the date on which a new version of the same comes into force, after its total or partial modification or update. In such case, on the aforementioned date, the present Terms and Conditions will cease to be in force, and the new Terms and Conditions will regulate the use of the Game on the App and the Website, the purchase of products through the same and the relationship between SPACE GO and the Users.
SPACE GO informs Users that these Terms and Conditions may change over time. Thus, SPACE GO reserves the right to revise, modify or update when necessary as a result of changes in the App and/or the Website, operational or business, legislative or jurisprudential developments, among others, in which case it will notify on the home page of the App and the Website about such circumstance so that Users are duly informed and can consult the revisions, modifications or updates to their satisfaction.
21.
CLAIMS AND COMPLAINTS
The user will be able to make any claim whenever he/she wishes. To do so, you can write an email to the following address address
info@support.spacego.games
.
22. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
These Terms and Conditions together with the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy are governed by the Spanish regulations in force at any given time. In case of dispute, both parties shall submit to the jurisdiction that corresponds to the User according to the applicable law for the resolution of conflicts.
23. GENERAL
In no case and under no circumstances shall the failure of SPACE GO to exercise its rights be construed as a waiver of such rights.
The headings contained in the present Terms and Conditions are merely orientative or informative, so that they do not affect, qualify or extend the interpretation of the same.
In the event that any of the clauses contained in these Terms and Conditions is declared null, abusive or unenforceable, in whole or in part, by a judicial or administrative body, such declaration will affect the clause in question individually, and the same will be deemed not to have been made and the declaration of nullity, abuse or unenforceability may not be extended under any circumstances to the rest of the conditions, which will remain in force.
Latest version: 27th September 2023
Cookies
|
Términos
|
Privacidad
|
LinkedIn
|
Contacto
|
English
Cookies
|
Términos
|
Privacidad
|
LinkedIn
|
Contacto
|
English
© 2023 Space Go. All Rights Reserved
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.spacego.games/privacy-policy/:
EXTENDED PRIVACY POLICY FOR USERS OF SPACE GO GAMES AND USERS OF THE WEBSITE:
SPACE GO GAME STUDIO S.L. wishes to make available to users (hereinafter, the «Users») who access SPACE GO games (hereinafter, the «Games» or the «Applications» referred to together) available online and/or in the Apple Store and/or Google Play; as well as to Users who access the Website
https://www.spacego.games
(hereinafter, the «Website»); the present additional information on personal data protection (hereinafter, the «
Privacy Policy
«). In other words, this Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, whether they are played online, on mobile devices or on other platforms such as Facebook. This Privacy Policy provides in a transparent and simple manner all the information about the processing of personal data, the purposes, the legitimate bases, how long the data is processed and the rights that Users may exercise. Likewise, it will always be available on the Website and will be accessible from all our games
.
1. WHO IS THE DATA PROCESSOR?
The company responsible for the processing is SPACE GO GAME STUDIO S.L. (hereinafter, «SPACE GO»), a company constituted in accordance with current legislation, with registered office at Carretera Castellar, number 338, 08226, Terrassa (Barcelona), SPAIN holder of tax number ESB-57.715.054 and registered in the Companies Register of Barcelona, volume 47.666, Folio 146, Page B-558753 Inscription 10ª.
In the event of having any doubts about the processing of personal data by us, Users may contact our Data Protection Delegate by e-mail at:
dpo@spacego.games
.
2. WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA AND DATA PROCESSING
?
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is any person whose identity can be established, directly or indirectly, in particular by means of an identifier, such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more elements of that person’s physical, physiological, economic, cultural or social identity. A personal data processing operation is any operation or set of operations that we perform on personal data, such as collecting, recording, storing, storing, using and disclosing the data.
3. THROUGH WHICH CHANNELS DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
We collect personal data from Users in the following ways:
By accessing our Games, available online and/or on the App.
SPACE GO informs Users that, depending on the game they are accessing, it may or may not be necessary to register as a User. SPACE GO makes available to Users Games that can be accessed as a guest, without the need to register, and others in which it is necessary to register as a guest. It is also possible to access the Games from your Facebook, Google or Apple account, in which case you must be registered and have a user account on that social network or platform.
Either way, from the moment the Game is accessed, SPACE GO assigns a User ID number to the player, which allows SPACE GO to identify and remember the player as a User. For better reference, although an ID number is not a piece of information that directly identifies a physical person, it is a piece of information that allows the user to be identified or identifiable if it is associated with additional information, such as name, email address or any other additional information that the User provides through the interaction channels that SPACE GO has enabled for this purpose.
When accessing SPACE GO via Facebook, Google or Apple account or having downloaded the Game application through the App Store or Google Play, SPACE GO stores the ID that the social network or application has assigned and if the User wants to add the profile picture to their Game profile, SPACE GO can also access that picture.
Through the use and enjoyment of the Games and the Website.
By means of the User service through the channels provided for this purpose.
By answering satisfaction surveys.
4. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS AND WHAT IS ITS PROCESSING PURPOSE?
In order to provide the legally required information on how we process Users’ personal data, we have detailed in the following tables the personal data that we process, the processing that we carry out, the purposes, the basis on which we are authorised to do so and how long we keep it for. All of this is shown individually for each processing operation in the following tables.
1. Manage access, use and maintance of the Games:
PURPOSES
Manage access to the Game, either as a guest or by registering.
Manage the account opening and registration as a User, in the event that it is necessary for you to register in the game and, if necessary, manage the account deletion process.
Manage the User’s interaction with the Game.
Enable interaction between Users through the Game chat and the multiplayer game option or mode.
Take the necessary measures to maintain the security of the Game and ensure compliance with the applicable regulations and the Terms and Conditions, such as prohibiting the use of photographs, profile usernames that are offensive or violate the dignity of persons, offensive messages in the chat and the creation of multi-accounts for fraudulent purposes, as well as the use of more than one account per User.
Crediting free rewards to the User’s account or profile.
To store the User’s progress and the passing of levels in the Game.
To send service communications (non-commercial) to those Users who provide their e-mail address when registering and this is linked to their personal User account.
To provide the User with a customer service through the means and channels enabled for this purpose at all times (such as e-mail
info@support.spacego.games
or application forms enabled for this purpose) in order to attend to and resolve any request for information, incident or query related to the products offered by SPACE GO.
To comply with applicable laws, prevent and avoid fraud, ensure compliance with our Terms and Conditions or, when necessary, defend or exercise the necessary legal actions in defense of our interests.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Identifying information: Full name or alias; gender; age; photograph in the case of Facebook account login or avatar in the case of Google or Apple and include such photograph or avatar in the Game profile account; user ID; Facebook ID; Apple or Google Play ID; IP address or device identifier. In the event that it is necessary for you to register for the game and create your own user account, we will also have access to your user name.
Contact details: Email address, if applicable.
Other personal data: country or region in which the User is playing.
Any other information that Users may provide when contacting us by any means or channel.
Data relating to the User’s game: frequency of game logins, levels passed, interactions and conversations between Users via chat or multiplayer gameplay.
LEGAL BASIS
The execution of the contractual relationship that binds SPACE GO with Users by accepting the general contracting conditions or terms and conditions.
CONSERVATION PERIOD
SPACE GO will process the personal data of Users while the contractual relationship with them is in force and while they maintain their User account or until the User communicates that they wish to unsubscribe or delete their account through their User profile.
Once the aforementioned periods have elapsed, SPACE GO will keep the personal data duly blocked for the legally stipulated period and/or the statute of limitations for any actions that may arise from the existing relationship, i.e. five (5) years for the exercise of personal actions.
Once the maximum period has expired, SPACE GO will anonymize or delete the personal data.
In the case of chats between Users, SPACE GO will keep the history of the conversations for the last three months, after which it will delete or anonymize them.
2. Manage the purchase of virtual products:
PURPOSES
Manage the purchase and payment of virtual products available in the Game (such as coins, among others) through Google Play and/or App Store.
To process the delivery of the products purchased so that they appear in the profile of each User.
To attend to and resolve any incident related to the contracted products.
Comply with the obligations legally required of SPACE GO.
Detect and prevent fraud or any other illegal action or event.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Identifying data: User ID; Facebook ID; photo in case of Facebook account login or avatar in case of Google or Apple account login and include such photo or avatar in the Game account; Apple or Google Play ID; IP address or device identifier. In the event that it is necessary for you to register for the game and create your own user account, we will also access your username.
Contact details: email address, if applicable.
Data relating to the contracting of services: purchase history, processing of complaints and returns, details of purchases made.
Data relating to the payment methods used, in the event of acquiring virtual products through the website of the Game that allows this method.
Any other information that the User may provide when contacting us.
LEGAL BASIS
The execution of the contractual relationship that binds SPACE GO with Users by accepting the general contracting conditions or terms and conditions.
CONSERVATION PERIOD
SPACE GO will process the personal data of Users while the contractual relationship with them is in force and while they maintain their User account or until the User communicates that they wish to unsubscribe or delete their account through their User profile.
Once the aforementioned period has elapsed, SPACE GO will keep the personal data duly blocked for the legally stipulated period and/or the statute of limitations for any actions that may arise from the existing relationship, i.e. three (3) years in consumer matters.
Once the maximum retention period has been reached, SPACE GO will anonymize or delete the personal data.
3. Conduct satisfaction surveys for statistical analysis:
PURPOSES
Send satisfaction surveys to the User during the enjoyment of the Game.
Contact Users by telephone to learn more about their experience and assessment of our Games, when authorized to do so.
To analyze and segment the answers provided by Users, as well as their game, in order to produce statistics.
Obtain business values, satisfaction, profitability, quality and improvement of the Games. This does not involve carrying out segmentation or profiling activities on Users. Only statistical analyses are carried out.
To know the experience of the Users and try to improve it or resolve any incident or complaint they may have had in relation to the services provided.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Identifying data: IP address; User ID; Facebook ID; Apple or Google Play ID; IP address or device identifier.
Contact details: telephone number, if provided and expressly authorised.
All information provided by the User when answering surveys.
Data relating to Users’ game play: frequency of game login, frequency of levels passed, country or regions from which the game is played, prizes enjoyed and most purchased products.
LEGAL BASIS
Legitimate interest of SPACE GO to obtain business values and to know the conformity and satisfaction of the Users in relation to their gaming experience.
The consent of the User to contact him/her by telephone in order to better understand his/her experience and assessment of our games.
In any case, we inform the user that he/she may object to the sending of satisfaction surveys by following the instructions available in each communication received, as well as to the statistical analysis by sending an email to
info@support.spacego.games
, indicating the request.
Similarly, through the same email address, the User may also withdraw the consent given to be contacted by telephone.
CONSERVATION PERIOD
Personal data will be processed by SPACE GO for as long as the existing relationship between Users and SPACE GO is in force, unless Users exercise their right of opposition to the sending of satisfaction surveys; withdraw their consent to be contacted by telephone; or until they exercise their right of deletion.
Subsequently, the personal data provided will be kept duly blocked for the legally stipulated period of limitation of the actions that may arise as a result of the processing of their personal data, i.e. five (5) years.
Once the maximum period of data retention has been reached, SPACE GO will anonymise or delete the user’s personal data.
4. Analysis of the use, operation and improvement of the Website and our Applications:
PURPOSES
To adapt the Website and the Game to the type of devices used.
Adapt the Website and the Game to the personalization criteria chosen by Users and remember them.
To analyze the use and navigation made by Users, to detect the dates/times of greatest affluence and to detect navigation patterns.
Study possible improvements to optimize the usability experience and implement them..
To show personalized advertisements to Users based on their browsing habits and use of our Games.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Identifying data: IP address; device identifier.
Usage and browsing information: login data, browsing data, duration of the visit or session, browser data used, device data used, application version and operating system
.
LEGAL BASIS
Consent of the Users.
SPACE GO’s legitimate interest to provide the Website and the Applications and to keep their functionalities operational in the case of technical and personalization cookies.
CONSERVATION PERIOD
We will process Users’ personal data for the periods specified for the different purposes in the or, where applicable, until the User withdraws his/her consent or exercises his/her right of deletion.
Subsequently, we will keep the data duly blocked for the legally stipulated period and/or the statute of limitations for any actions that may arise as a result of the processing of the personal data, namely two (2) years.
Once the maximum period of data processing has expired, we will anonymize or delete the data.
5. Deletion and blocking of personal data:
PURPOSES
Maintain an updated list of all those Users who have requested the deletion of their data or who at any time have objected to any of the processing that we carry out.
To comply with the obligations legally required of SPACE GO.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Identifying data: full name; User ID; Facebook ID; Apple or Google Play ID; Device ID.
Contact details: Email address.
Effective date of deletion or objection.
LEGAL BASIS
Compliance with a legal obligation, namely Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC, which obliges SPACE GO to respect the rights of Users and to maintain evidence of compliance with the request to exercise the right of erasure and objection. The processing of personal data is necessary for SPACE GO to fulfil its legally enforceable obligations.
CONSERVATION PERIOD
We will process the data for as long as the relationship with the User is maintained or until he/she exercises his/her right to oppose or delete the data processing.
Subsequently, we will keep the data duly blocked for the legally stipulated period and/or the statute of limitations for any actions that may arise as a result of the processing of the personal data, namely three (3) years.
Once the maximum period of data processing has expired, the personal data will be anonymized or deleted.
5.
WHAT RIGHTS CAN USERS EXERCISE OVER THEIR PERSONAL DATA
?
A. Rights of access
Users have the right to know whether or not we are processing their personal data and, if so, to know what data we are processing.
B. Right of rectification
Users have the right to modify data that is inaccurate and to complete data that is incomplete. In order to do so, Users must tell us which data they wish to modify and provide appropriate proof of this, if necessary.
C. Right of opposition
In the cases provided for by law, Users may object at any time, on grounds relating to their particular situation, to our processing of their data. This right may be exercised provided that our legitimate basis for processing their personal data is the performance of the contract or their consent. If Users object to such processing, we will stop processing their personal data and may anonymize or delete them, unless we can demonstrate legitimate grounds for the processing that override their interests, rights and freedoms. In any case, we remind the User that , as well as statistical analysis by sending an e-mail to dpo@spacego.games, indicating the request.
D.
Right of deletion
Users have the right to cancel their personal data. This does not mean that their data will be completely deleted, but will be kept blocked in such a way as to prevent their processing, without prejudice to their being made available to public administrations, judges and courts for the attention of possible liabilities that may have arisen as a result of the processing during the period of limitation of the latter, being definitively deleted or anonymized once this legal period has elapsed.
E. Right of portability
Users have the right to receive and/or transfer their personal data that they have provided to us to a data controller other than SPACE GO. It is only possible to exercise this right when the processing is based on the performance of the contract or on your consent and the processing is carried out by automated means.
F.
Right of processing restriction
Users have the right to ask us to stop processing their data where (i) they have challenged the accuracy of the data, while we verify its accuracy; or (ii) they have exercised their right to object to the processing of their data, and while we verify whether our legitimate grounds override their legitimate grounds as a data subject. This right also allows you to ask us to retain your personal data where (i) the processing is unlawful and you as a data subject object to the erasure of your data, requesting instead a restriction on its use; (ii) we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but need it for the formulation, exercise, or defence of claims.
Users may exercise their rights free of charge by sending us their request in writing to the following email address
dpo@spacego.games
always clearly identifying the right they are exercising. If we have difficulties in identifying the User, we may request that they send us some additional information or identification document in order to confirm their identity and correctly process their request. In the event of considering that we have not correctly satisfied the exercise of their rights, the User may file a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency (AEPD), by contacting the website
http://www.aepd.es
.
6. TO WHOM DO WE COMMUNICATE THE DATA?
We do not disclose personal information that Users have provided unless it is necessary for the provision of a contracted service such as communication to payment platforms, banks and companies so that transactions can be carried out.
Likewise, we may communicate Users’ personal data to companies of the same corporate group and/or to those third parties whose intervention is necessary to process, manage or resolve any complaint about the services or any other request for information, query or request that Users have sent through any of our contact channels, when such communication is necessary as a result of said request for the correct resolution of the same.
Other possible third parties to whom we may communicate the data, subject to prior legal requirement or when the basis that legitimates the communication is the need to comply with an applicable legal obligation or the satisfaction of a legitimate interest pursued, said legitimate interest being the filing of legal actions or the exercise of defense before the same, are the following:
Legal advisors
Courts and Tribunals
Tax authorities
Regional consumer authorities
Spanish Data Protection authorities
Government security forces.
We may also transfer Users’ personal data to third parties if we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
7. WHO CAN ACCESS THE DATA?
We work with suppliers whose services are necessary for the correct presentation and usability of the Website and our information systems and who, by reason of the exercise of their activity, may have access to Users’ data as Data Processors. This is the case, for example, of suppliers who help us to improve and optimize our Website, technological service providers or those who offer us maintenance services for our databases and information systems. In any case, these suppliers are considered to be Data Processors and SPACE GO has previously signed with all of them the corresponding processing contracts that include the due guarantees regarding the processing of Users’ personal data and their confidentiality, integrity, availability and accessibility.
8. IS PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
We adopt the appropriate procedures and information systems and implement the necessary technical and organizational security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks that may be involved in the processing described in this Privacy Policy. All information provided will be stored on secure servers. Thus, once we have received all the User’s information, we will use strict security procedures to try to prevent any unauthorized access. We also ensure that our service providers also have appropriate security standards for the protection of personal data to which they have or may have access, in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation in force at any given time. SPACE GO does not transfer Users’ personal data outside the European Economic Area..
9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may vary over time due to possible changes in the criteria followed at any given time by the Spanish Data Protection Agency or other supervisory authorities, any legislative changes that may occur and any jurisprudential pronouncements that may be applicable to this privacy policy. SPACE GO reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy in order to adapt it to such criteria, as well as to new jurisprudential or legislative developments.
Latest version: 27th September 2023
Cookies
|
Términos
|
Privacidad
|
LinkedIn
|
Contacto
|
English
Cookies
|
Términos
|
Privacidad
|
LinkedIn
|
Contacto
|
English
© 2023 Space Go. All Rights Reserved