Privacy Policy
01-Jan-2013
Revised 3-Feb-2014
This privacy policy sets out how English Channel Inc. uses and protects any information that you provide when you use applications.
English Channel Inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
English Channel Inc. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01-Jan-2013 (revised 4-Feb-2014).
What we collect
Personal Data:
English Channel Inc. does not collect or use any personal data that may be used to identify, track, or contact you, unless you have intentionally provided it. You can choose not to provide certain information, but please realize you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Non-personal data
English Channel Inc. may use tools or third party analytical software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable English Channel Inc. to identify you. The types of non-personal data English Channel Inc. may collect and use include, but are not limited to:
(i) mobile device type and device properties - including  MAC Addresses (pre-iOS7), Apple VendorID and Apple AdID; (ii) OS and app version information; (iii) geographical data no more accurate than country or timezone; (iv) other non-personal data as reasonably required by English Channel Inc. to enhance its services.
What we do with the information we gather
English Channel Inc, may use the collected data for purposes of analyzing usage and to further develop its products and services. English Channel Inc. reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by English Channel Inc. or English Channel Inc. partners.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send push notifications about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting if you have opted into push notifications.
We track words searched in dictionaries to improve the quality of the dictionaries and may send feedback to publishers. But, personal word histories and bookmarks are never accessed. Searches are only tracked non-personally.
If you email us, we may forward your email to our development partner or content publishers if they are the ones who can help. We will add your email address to our mailing lists and we may periodically send you technical newsletters, special promotions or other information that we think you may find interesting. You may opt-out of these communications at any time.
What we do not do
English Channel does not, and will not, track or access SNS account information. No passwords or account names are ever transferred to us.
We do not sell information to advertisers or give information to third-parties -other than our development, analytics and content partners and only when there is a support or maintenance reason.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Reserved rights
English Channel reserves the right to protect its intellectual property and publisher's data from hackers and pirates. Such activity negates all aspects of this policy.
Links to other applications and websites.
Our apps may contain links to other apps or websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our apps, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Other Methods of Accessing and Controlling your Information
If you wish to review or change the information English Channel Inc. has about you, e-mail Us at the address provided herein.
You can turn off push notifications by visiting the “about” or “settings” page within the relevant app. You can turn off local notifications by visiting the “settings” within the relevant app.
You can reset all SNS accounts by visiting the “about” or “settings” page within the relevant app.
If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, contact Us at support [at] english-channel [dot] tv
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Do not opt-in to push notifications
Do not allow OS to share account information with third-party apps.
Do not allow access to social media services.
If you have previously agreed, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support [at] english-channel [dot] tv
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to support [at] english-channel [dot] tv
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.