Hello Guest!
sign in
|
register
Home
Browse Sets
Shop
EN
JP
Privacy Policy
The following outlines the data Pokellector collects and how it is used.
What we collect
When registering for Pokellector, we collect information such as your email address, IP address and Facebook ID. While using the site, we may collect your IP address.
How we handle your data
Pokellector does not share identifiable user information with third parties. The data is used in the administration of the site and management of your account.
How to remove your data
To request deletion of your pokellector account, please send a request via our
contact page
. Please use the email address on your account as we will need to verify before deletion
Please note that even if your account is deleted, we may retain anonymized transaction data for business purposes
Advertising
The Pokellector website and/or application may contain advertising. Advertisers may collect your IP address and read your cookies to determine what ads you have seen in the past and what websites you may have visited.
We use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may be served from our third party advertiser. You can view their
privacy policy
and
cookie policy
for more information. You can manage your cookies
here
.
Pokellector does not hand Advertisers any personally-identifiable information, and the data that advertisers collect is subject to their own individual privacy policies.
We use Google Analytics and Comscore to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics and Comscore gather information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. Comscore’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.comscore.com/About-comScore/Privacy-Policy
.
Upcoming English Sets
See All
Journey Together
Newest English Sets
See All
McDonald's Dragon Discovery
Prismatic Evolutions
Surging Sparks
Stellar Crown
Shrouded Fable
Twilight Masquerade
Upcoming Japanese Sets
See All
Hot Air Arena
Newest Japanese Sets
See All
Battle Partners
Terastal Festival ex
Super Electric Breaker
Paradise Dragona
Stella Miracle
Night Wanderer
Pokellector Mobile Apps
Contact Us
•
Terms of Use
•
Privacy Policy
•
Manage Cookie Settings
The Pokellector Website and Mobile Applications are not affiliated with, sponsored or endorsed by, or in any way associated with Pokemon or The Pokemon Company International Inc
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.network-n.com/network-privacy-policy/:
Network N - avatar
Profile
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of the website visitors of our service users.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We use cookies on our service users’ website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Network N Limited. For more information about us, see Section 13.
Credit
This document was created using a template from Docular:
https://docular.net
How we use your personal data
In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d) the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our service user (partner) website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consentorour legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our services.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller or data processor in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in US, Europe and UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Mailing databases are situated in US and Australia. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely  EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain and delete your personal data as follows:
(a) Profile data containing personal data will be retained for two years following your last login, if you have not logged in for over two years, you will be notified of this. If we have not received notification within 30 days of your intent to use your account we will delete your profile data and notify you of this deletion
(b) Cookie data will be retained for no longer than 30 days.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Third party services incorporated into our website may collect information about your visits to our partner’s site for analytics, retargeting and conversion tracking purposes. This information could be combined with information collected from other sites.
You can opt out from third party platforms for marketing purposes at the following addresses.
Network Advertising Initiative:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
Your Online Choices (Europe):
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Your rights
In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. Provision of such information will be subject to:
(a) the first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies will be subjected to a GBP 10 administration fee; and
(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by contacting us using the details outlined in section 13.
About cookies
We and our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our partner’s site, for details on cookie, please refer to cookie policy
https://www.network-n.com/network-cookie-policy/
Our details
Network N Ltd. is a third party advertiser who helps partners monetise website through advertising.
We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 08063183, and our registered office is at Circus Mews House, Circus Mews, Bath, England, BA1 2PW.
Our principal place of business is at Circus Mews House, Circus Mews, Bath, England, BA1 2PW.
You can contact us:
(a) by post, using the postal address given above;
(b) by email, using this email address: data@network-n.com
Contact Us
Tweets by Network_N
Network N Ltd.
Circus Mews House, Circus Mews, Bath, BA1 2PW, UK
Telephone:
(+44) 01225 531631
Subject*
...
Advertising
Publishing
Editorial
Existing Partner
Other
Name*
Email address*
* Required fields
Send Message
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.comscore.com/About-comScore/Privacy-Policy:
Comscore uses cookies to better understand how visitors use our site. If you continue to use our site, you are consenting to the use of these cookies. More information about cookies is available in our
privacy policy
.
Close
Toggle navigation
Solutions
Advertising
Measure and evaluate advertising across platforms
Digital
Measure digital audiences for all content types
Marketing Impact
Maximize marketing effectiveness
Movies
Measure global box office performance
Programmatic Targeting
Powerful programmatic tools to target cross-platform audiences
Social
Understand the value of social media audiences
Television
Get a complete view of television audiences
Solutions for
Automotive
Digital Media
Financial Services
FMCG
Pharmaceutical
Retail
Technology
Travel
Insights
Overview
Rankings
Blog
Presentations & Whitepapers
Join our Email List
Trending Topics
Streaming
Box Office
Sports
Featured
2025 State of Programmatic Report
Events
Overview
About
Overview
Press Room
Leadership
Investor Relations
Locations
Privacy
Security
Third-Party Accreditation
Careers
Overview
Job Opportunities
Proximic
Overview
English
Deutsch
Español (América Latina)
Español (España)
Français
Italiano
Português
Login
My Comscore Home
Comscore TV
OnDemand Essentials
Box Office Essentials
International Box Office Essentials
Shareablee
Contact us
Effective Date: November 22, 2024
Comscore, Inc. (“Comscore”, “we”, “us” or “our”) interacts with current and prospective clients, investors, and the general public via its website, www.comscore.com (“Website”), its mobile application (“Application”), and other Comscore portals. Our online research community has millions of participants who are interested in voicing their opinions as described in the applicable privacy policies and in influencing which products and services are offered.
Comscore subsidiaries operate several research panels and the ScorecardResearch business, which are not governed by this Policy and have different practices. Each panel is governed by the privacy policy that appears on the website assigned to that research panel. Some ScorecardResearch activities are described below where relevant to this Policy. For more details on ScorecardResearch, please view the ScorecardResearch privacy policy
here
.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we process – or, in other words, use, collect, transmit, store, share, and delete – your personal information in connection with your use of our Website, our Application, or other services that refer to or link to this Policy.
The short version
As further described below, under this Policy we may collect the following categories of information (which may be considered personal information or sensitive personal information under certain laws):
personal and online identifiers,
Internet or other electronic network activity,
general geolocation information (inferred from IP address), or precise geolocation information, and
other information about you that is linked to personal information.
We may collect information about you or your household from third parties as well. For details about our practices, please read this entire Policy.
What information is collected and why
We may collect personal information that you choose to provide to us
.
For example, if you contact us through our Website, we may collect personal identifiers (e.g., your name and contact information) as well as any other information that you voluntarily provide to us in order to respond to your inquiry or verify your identity, where necessary. We may also collect personal information that you provide to us when you register for any of our services.
Information collected automatically when you visit our Websites or use our Application.
Our Website and Application automatically create logs regarding your activity on our Website. These logs may identify the features that you use, the actions that you take, and the information that you access while on our Website or mobile Application.
The personal information collected from you in these logs may include online identifiers (e.g., IP address) and Internet or other electronic network activity including information about your browsing behavior, operating system, browser type, website preferences, your use of our Website or Application (e.g., time accessed, duration of visit, etc.). We generally use this information in statistical and aggregate formats to assess the effectiveness of our Website and Application and to better understand the priorities and interests of users of our Website and Application.
Information collected using ScorecardResearch cookies or similar technologies (“Tags”).
This Website may set tags on your browser that collect data for the ScorecardResearch service, a service offered by Full Circle Studies, Inc. (“Full Circle Studies”) which is also part of the Comscore internet ratings and research group. To view the ScorecardResearch privacy policy, please click
here
.
Information collected by third parties.
We may use third parties and service providers to obtain personal information and combine that data with other data that we collect from or about you to improve our Website, Application, products, and services, and to operate our business. Third parties may set a cookie on your computer or device when you visit the Website Application. Third parties may also collect online identifiers associated with your device such as cookie identifiers, mobile or other hardware or device identifiers, and IP addresses.
We may work with third parties, including Google Analytics, who collect information about your use of our Website, other websites, and/or online services over time for non-advertising purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses information when you use our Website or Application, please click
here
. To opt out of Google Analytics, click
here
.
Sensitive Personal Information Collected.
Some of the personal information described above is considered sensitive personal information under certain U.S. state privacy laws.  Applying the definitions in these laws, we collect the following categories of sensitive personal information:
Personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, a mental or physical condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status.
We use the categories of sensitive personal information listed above for the purposes described in this Policy, including some purposes that you have the right to limit as described below.
How we share the information we collect
Sharing for business purposes.
We may provide personal information to all categories of third parties and/or service providers listed in this Policy to improve our products and services and to operate our business. We may share all the categories of information listed in this Policy with other companies including Comscore affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent companies as well as third-party data enrichers, data quality aggregators and providers of data matches services:
to operate our products and services or support general operations;
to integrate the products and services of our business partners;
to use third-party cloud services to host our Website, and process and store the information we process about you; and
for any other legitimate business purpose.
Sharing for commercial purposes.
We may share information collected under this Policy with:
our customers, which include, among others, media companies including Google, brands, public relations companies, advertising networks, data analytics providers, distribution partners, and social networks, and marketing and advertising agencies; and
joint industry committees (“JICs”) involved in media audience measurement and research.
Under U.S. state privacy laws, these disclosures may qualify as “sales”. To the extent that our business model constitutes a “sale” under state privacy laws, we shared for interest-based advertising and otherwise “sold” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: online identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity, general geolocation information (inferred from IP address), and other information about you that is linked to personal information. We do not “sell” or share for interest-based advertising any sensitive personal information as defined under U.S. state privacy laws. We “sell”  and share each category of information to the categories of third parties listed above.
Corporate transactions.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, any personal information and data we process from you may become part of the assets we transfer or share in preparation for any such transaction. Any acquirer or successor of Comscore may continue to process personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Compliance and compelled disclosures.
We may share personal information:
with public authorities to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal lawful requests, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or as otherwise required by law;
to protect the rights, privacy, safety, and property of Comscore, our customers, our business partners, or others; and
to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to enforce our contracts, to investigate, respond to and resolve problems or inquiries (including governmental inquiries), or to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How long we keep the information collected
We store your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes listed above or as required by applicable local law.
Your choices about your personal information
Certain U.S. state and international laws provide individuals with rights related to their personal information. These consumer rights, and the definitions of “personal information” or “personal data” subject to these rights, vary by jurisdiction. Individuals may be able to exercise the following rights, subject to certain exceptions:,
The right to confirm whether Comscore processes personal information about you;
The right to access the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected, used, shared, and sold, and the categories of third parties to whom personal information is sold or shared;,
The right to correct any errors to personal information;
The right to object to the processing of personal information; and
The right to delete the personal information;
The right to opt out of (i) the “sale” of personal information as defined by applicable law or (ii) the sharing of personal information for targeted advertising;
The right to limit the processing of certain “sensitive” personal information (or to withdraw consent to such processing), as defined by applicable law; and
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of privacy rights in accordance with applicable law.
To exercise any of the applicable rights above, please visit our
Data Subject Rights Page
. You may also contact us by email at
DSR@comscore.com
, or by phone at 1-866-675-6141.
We may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity (e.g., your email address, cookie identifier, machine identifier, and/or device identifier) or understand the scope of your request. However, you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights by contacting
DSR@comscore.com
.
For Virginia, Connecticut, or Colorado residents, if you have submitted a request that we have not reasonably fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to DSR@comscore.com.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the above rights. We may, however, offer you certain financial incentives permitted by applicable law as compensation for allowing us to collect, sell, share, or maintain your personal information through your participation in our market research efforts.
For information about the number of requests received on an annual basis and additional metrics, please visit our
Data Subject Rights Page
. Please note that we may continue to use information collected during the time that you participated in the Panel, and all such information remains fully subject to, and governed by, the Privacy Policy that was effective at the time the information was collected.
For more information about your choices in relation to your personal information, including your choice to access and delete your personal information, please visit click
here
.
Interest-based advertising and market research
What is interest-based advertising?
Interest-based advertising, also known as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising, allows advertisers to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online.
We may use third parties and service providers, as discussed in the
What information is collected and why
section, to collect information for interest-based advertising. This process may involve third parties and service providers using tagging technology, such as a cookie, on your device. These tags may collect data about your Web browsing over time and across digital properties, including information about the possible relationships among different browsers and devices. We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection to all interest-based advertising activities.
The information collected from ScorecardResearch Tags is used for interest-based advertising purposes, where appropriate. ScorecardResearch does not use information collected in the European Union (“EU”) for interest-based advertising services.
How do I manage my preferences for interest-based advertising?
You may visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
to learn more about interest-based advertising, to opt out of our collection and transfer of Web browsing information for interest-based advertising purposes, and to opt out of the collection and use of information for this purpose by other companies that participate in industry self-regulation. Additionally, to opt out of our collection and transfer of application usage information for third parties to use for their own interest-based advertising purposes, you can use any controls that are provided for this purpose by the operating system on your mobile device. Please note that opting out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or in the applications you use. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. You may also continue to receive interest-based advertising from other companies.
What is market research?
Market research is an organized effort to gather information about markets and customers. With the use of ScorecardResearch tags and surveys, Comscore’s market research group collects and analyzes information to provide products and services to companies around the world.  This information helps companies better understand and meet the needs of consumers.
How do I manage my preferences for market research?
To control your level of participation in our market research programs or opt out, click
here
. By opting out of our market research program, ScorecardResearch Tags will only be able to count your visit to a particular site but not identify your device beyond that count. Additionally, if your mobile device platform offers settings to limit data collection for interest-based advertising, you can use these settings to opt out of participating in our market research programs.
What does opting out of market research on your browser do?
The browser opt-out mechanisms linked above are cookie based (i.e., a cookie must be on your computer to tell our systems that you have opted out). The cookie-based method does not prevent us from identifying certain events (e.g., when a user visits a website).  The method, however, prevents us from associating that event with your browser or otherwise identifying you beyond us merely counting your visit. If you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, this opt-out may not be effective. Additionally, because different computers and different Internet browsers require their own version of the opt-out cookie, you may need to perform this opt-out process on any computers and browsers that you want to be opted-out.
Other important information about your personal information
Security
. We use organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect your personal information. For an overview of our security measures,
click here
.
Controller of Personal Information
. Global privacy laws may differentiate between the controller and processor of personal information. For additional information about Comscore’s role with regards to the processing of personal information, please see
https://www.comscore.com/About/Privacy
.
International Visitors and Information Transfers
If you visit our Website or participate in our program from locations outside of the United States, please note that any information you provide to us through your use of our Website or your participation in the program may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country from which you accessed our Website or participated in our program, including the United States where our central database is operated. Subject to the next paragraph below, please be aware that the United States, and other countries in which your data may be maintained, may have data protection laws that are different from the laws in your country.
We take measures to help protect your personal information when it is transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom to other countries. We may rely on European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable (see
here
). Where applicable, we rely on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission (see
here
) in our contracts with third parties that receive information outside the EEA and United Kingdom, or we transfer information on the basis of permissible statutory derogations.
For individuals based in the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, Comscore B.V., Hogehilweg 17, 3rd floor, 1101 CB Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is the controller for personal data collected and processed from website visitors and application, unless otherwise stated in an application-specific privacy policy. Comscore B.V. is a subsidiary of Comscore, Inc.
For more information about our policies on the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), please click
here
. Our GDPR Supplemental Policy includes additional information, which complements this Privacy Policy, relating to the processing of ‘personal data’ and the exercise of rights under the GDPR and United Kingdom data protection laws.
Comscore (including subsidiaries Creative Knowledge, Inc., Full Circle Studies, Inc., TMRG, Inc., VoiceFive, Inc., and ScorResearch, LLC) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Comscore has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Comscore has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
For more information about our compliance with the DPF program, please view our
Data Privacy Framework Statement
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or update this Policy periodically. If we change our practices with respect to your information, we will notify you by posting a revised Policy on  our Website with a ”Last Updated” date and  such modified or amended version of this policy shall be effective as to you and your information as of that revision date. We encourage you to revisit this Policy periodically to stay informed about our practices with respect to your information.
Authoritative Version.
When the text of this Policy is available in multiple languages, the English version is the authoritative version, except where prohibited by applicable law.
Contacting Comscore
If you have any concerns, questions, or would just like to better understand our privacy practices, please send an email to
privacy@comscore.com
. If you prefer to contact us by mail, please write to Comscore, Inc., ATTN: Privacy, 11950 Democracy Drive, Reston, VA 20190.
Join Our Email List
Stay Connected
© 2025 Comscore, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility