Legal owner, publisher and host
Limitation of liability
Languages
Users' obligations
Copyright and reproduction of content
Protection of personal data
Cloud service provider
Audience measurement
Accessibility Statement
Registered trademarks
Cookies
Latest update
Legal owner, publisher and host
This website – www.vdl.lu – and the content hereof are the property of the City of Luxembourg municipal administration (hereinafter referred to as "we", the "City" or the "City of Luxembourg"). It is published by the City's
Service Communication et relations publiques
– CRP) (Communications and Public Relations Department) and hosted by its
Service Technologies de l'information et de la communication
(Information and Communications Technology Department).
The City also publishes on the internet:
onsstad.vdl.lu
;
citybiblio.lu;
maps.vdl.lu
;
form-server.vdl.lu
; and
the "cityapp – VDL" mobile app (hereinafter referred to as "cityapp").
In addition, the City maintains accounts on the following social media platforms:
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter (now known as "X")
LinkedIn
Youtube
Tiktok
This Legal Notice applies to all of the aforementioned websites and platforms, save for a few exceptions, which are set forth below.
Limitation of liability
All information, content and services on the City of Luxembourg's websites are provided for informational purposes only. While we make every effort to ensure that our content is accurate, up-to-date and complete, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case.
The City of Luxembourg accepts no liability for the information disseminated through its websites, digital platforms or social media pages, and under no circumstances may the City be held liable for any direct or indirect damages or losses arising from their use or content. This also applies to any information that may be found to be false, incomplete or outdated, as well as to any omissions and/or coding errors.
The City of Luxembourg reserves the right to edit/update its websites, digital platforms and social media pages, and their online content (including this Legal Notice), without prior notice. Any amended version will supersede the previous version entirely.
We make every effort to maximise the availability of our websites and their content. However, the City may not be held liable in the event of failures or interruptions in internet connectivity, or the unavailability of its websites (even partial), including for maintenance reasons.
Our sites display information from external feeds, including:
information from the
Echo
website for the City's calendar of events;
information on the hardware and digital resources for citybiblio.lu (from the website a-z.lu);
base maps for areas outside the boundaries of Luxembourg City.
Our sites also include links to other sites. However, as we have no control over the content of those sites, we accept no liability for the information published on them.
In the specific case of the
onsstad.vdl.lu
website, users are advised that signed articles do not necessarily reflect the opinions or views of the City of Luxembourg or the editorial board.
Languages
vdl.lu
is published in English, French and German, except for legal documents and job-vacancy announcements, for which French is the official language of publication. Only the French version is binding. We make every effort to publish all information simultaneously in the three languages mentioned above. However, the City of Luxembourg may not be held liable if content is unavailable in English or German.
onsstad.vdl.lu
is published in French and German. Only the French version is binding. We make every effort to publish all information simultaneously in the two languages mentioned above. However, the City of Luxembourg may not be held liable if content is unavailable in German.
citybiblio.lu
is published in French, English and German. Only the French version is binding. We make every effort to publish all information simultaneously in the three languages mentioned above. However, the City of Luxembourg may not be held liable if content is unavailable in English or German.
maps.vdl.lu
is published in French, English and German. Only the French version is binding. We make every effort to publish all information simultaneously in the three languages mentioned above. However, the City of Luxembourg may not be held liable if content is unavailable in English or German.
The forms on
form-server.vdl.lu
are published in English, French and German.
The
cityapp
mobile app is published in English, French and German. Only the French version is binding. We make every effort to publish all information simultaneously in the three languages mentioned above. However, the City of Luxembourg may not be held liable if content is unavailable in English or German.
Most of our posts on
social media platforms
are published in Luxembourgish, English and/or French. Whenever possible, we respond to questions, messages and comments in the language used to contact us.
Users' obligations
This Legal Notice applies in particular to the following user actions: viewing our sites, joining our social media communities, commenting on our posts on social media, etc. Users are expected to have familiarised themselves with and consented to abide by the instructions and rules set forth in this Legal Notice.
We strongly encourage all of our users to take measures to protect themselves against hacking. The City of Luxembourg accepts no liability for damages or losses suffered while or after browsing our digital platforms, or external sites accessed through links on our platforms.
Users of
maps.vdl.lu
acknowledge that they are aware that using geolocation services generates data streams and places heavy processing loads on data servers. As such, users should refrain from overusing this service and overburdening the system.
Netiquette
The City of Luxembourg supports and adheres to the principles and rules of "netiquette", which can be found at
https://www.netiquette.lu
, in English, French, German and Luxembourgish). This website was developed jointly by BEE SECURE and the Press Council.
Any web user who joins our communities or comments on our social media posts is expected to have familiarised themselves with and consented to abide by said principles and rules.
The internet is not a lawless space.
When you comment on a post, you are responsible for that comment.
Accordingly, certain types of comments are unacceptable, such as:
illegal content, including racist, discriminatory, sexist or pornographic content, or content which incites violence, hatred or harm;
inappropriate content, such as offensive and personal attacks;
spam, personal ads, advertising and other commercial content, or misleading information.
Comments and online discussions
If you wish to leave a comment, please ensure that:
it is relevant to the topic at hand;
you provide reasons in support of your opinion; and
you express yourself clearly.
When participating in online discussions, it is also important to treat other participants with respect. Remember that there is a real person behind every username ("Think before you post").
Be fair and objective, and remember that discussions on our pages are public.
Respect other web users and their opinions.
Never post comments in anger, in the heat of the moment.
Failure to adhere to instructions and rules
In the event of failure to comply with the instructions and rules set forth in this Legal Notice, we reserve the right to:
explicitly request that the perpetrators refrain from posting such comments;
not publish the content, or hide or delete it;
block the person responsible from accessing our pages;
take any appropriate action, including legal action.
Copyright and reproduction of content
Text documents
All text documents – including their layout – appearing on the City of Luxembourg's websites, digital platforms or social media pages (with the exception of comments and online discussions among internet users) are covered by the City's user licence – which is a "
CreativeCommons
" licence (BY-SA 3.0 LU) – and are the City's property. Under the terms and conditions of this licence, content may be reused and disseminated;
Content may be edited (excerpted, reworded, etc.) before it is redistributed,
but only under the following conditions:
You must cite the "Creative Commons" licence and abide by its terms and conditions;
You must credit the City of Luxembourg by citing the source (vdl.lu – City of Luxembourg website), with a link that redirects to the corresponding page;
You undertake not to use the content in a way that violates human dignity or respect for persons.
Exceptions
For the "
What's on
" (calendar of events) section, vdl.lu and city.vdl.lu retrieve content from the Echo website. To find out more about the conditions governing the use of this content, please refer to the Echo website's
General Terms and Conditions of Use
).
Ons stad
grants users the right to reproduce all or any part of the content on its website by saving it on a computer either for the purpose of displaying it on a single-station screen, or for reproducing it as a single backup copy or a single hardcopy printout. This right is granted solely for personal, private and non-collective use; publishing the content on a network, or any full or partial dissemination or commercialisation of this content to third parties, in any form whatsoever, is strictly prohibited unless explicitly authorised by the publisher or author.
Non-text content
The City of Luxembourg does not authorise the reuse of non-text content.
This applies to photos, videos, sound files, animations, graphics, diagrams, etc. (this list is not exhaustive).
The use of this type of content for any purpose other than viewing on one of the City's servers, or downloading for private viewing offline, constitutes an infringement of copyright and may result in prosecution.
The only exception are the files in the "Images" section (link) in our Media Center on
vdl.lu
. You may save and use these images for non-commercial purposes, provided that you mention their creator (©creator's name).
Links and incorporation of content
The City of Luxembourg authorises the use of surface links without its prior consent. Surface links point to the site's homepage or any other page in its entirety. However, the use of techniques for the purpose of incorporating all or part of the City's websites on another site (e.g., framing or inlining), while hiding (even partially) the exact source of the content, or which could mislead the user as to the source of the content, requires the City's prior written consent.
maps.vdl.lu
The maps.vdl.lu website uses base maps for areas outside the boundaries of Luxembourg City. These base maps are provided by Esri, DigitalGlobe, GeoEye, i-cubed, USDA FSA, USGS, AEX, Getmapping, Aerogrid, IGN, IGP, swisstopo, HERE, IntermapiPC, NRCAN, Esri Japan, METI, Esri China (Hong Kong), Esri (Thailand), MapmyIndia, Tomtom, and the GIS user community. These maps are subject to the copyrights of their respective map services providers.
The reuse or reproduction of interactive maps sourced from maps.vdl.lu, or geodata and data streams in the form of printouts or digital images, requires the City's prior written consent.
Written consent
For the vdl.lu website, requests for prior written consent should be sent to web@vdl.lu.
For the maps.vdl.lu website, requests for prior written consent should be sent to maps@vdl.lu.
Protection of personal data
In accordance with the laws on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, the City of Luxembourg reminds users that the data and information collected by its departments are processed for the purpose of performing the tasks falling within its remit, pursuant to the legal and regulatory provisions in force.
Link
More information
Cloud service provider
The City of Luxembourg outsources certain activities to service providers using a cloud environment, most notable the Microsoft cloud service. This may entail the transfer of data and information outside the European Union. The activities that are outsourced, and the nature of the data and information that are exchanged, are determined based on by data processing requirements. In collaboration with the provider, the City of Luxembourg has taken organisational and technical measures to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the data and information that is processed. The data that is processed is necessary for the provision of certain online services, such as Microsoft Teams and Microsoft Sharepoint.
The natural or legal person whose data is processed in this way acknowledges and expressly authorises the City of Luxembourg to use cloud service providers in connection with the outsourced activities, in compliance with the applicable regulations.
Legal persons hereby expressly confirm that they have informed all persons whose data and information
may be processed as part of their dealings with the City of Luxembourg. Legal persons also hereby confirm that, where applicable, they have obtained the consent of these persons for the transfer of their data and information.
Audience measurement
The City of Luxembourg uses "
Matomo
" to measure audiences on the
vdl.lu
,
onsstad.vdl.lu,
citybiblio.lu, and
maps.vdl.lu
websites, and the
cityapp
mobile app.
Matomo automatically anonymises all collected data, and does not process any personal data.
The collected data is hosted on the City of Luxembourg's servers, and can only be viewed by the City's
Service CRP
(Communications and Public Relations Department) and
Service TIC
(ICT Department), and by providers tasked with developing the City's websites and apps.
You are not opted out. Uncheck this box to opt-out.
Accessibility Statement
The City of Luxembourg is committed to making its website accessible to as many users as possible, in compliance with the
Law of 28 May 2019
on the accessibility of websites and mobile applications published by public-sector bodies (
loi du 28 mai 2019 relative à l'accessibilité des sites internet et des applications mobiles des organismes du secteur public
). This Accessibility Statement applies to the website
https://www.vdl.lu/en
What is digital accessibility?
Anyone should be able to easily view and use any content published on a website or appearing in a mobile application, especially persons with a disability and/or using assistive software or special hardware (e.g., persons with a visual, hearing, physical or cognitive impairment).
Compliance status
This website is partially compliant with the European standard
EN 301 549
and with
version 4.1 of the General Guidelines on Improving Web Accessibility
(
Référentiel général d'amélioration de l'accessibilité web(RGAA) v4.1
) – which implements said European standard – for the reasons listed below.
Non-accessible content
The content referred to below is not accessible for the following reason(s):
Non-compliance
Some links are not explicitly labelled.
The titles of some pages are not hierarchically structured.
Some lists are not appropriately structured.
Information conveyed using colours or shapes only is not rendered by assistive technologies, leading to loss of information.
Some form fields are not labelled, rendering them inaccessible to screen-reader users.
Keyboard navigation is not always consistent.
Some scripts are also problematic.
Disproportionate burden
Downloadable PDF magazines. Work is currently underway to achieve compliance.
The downloadable bus schedules leaflet. The information can be found on the webpages specific to each bus line.
Content not covered by the
Law of 28 May 2019
The ReadSpeaker service available on all inner pages (reason: third-party service not developed by the publisher).
Downloadable documents produced using office automation software, published before 23 September 2018 (reason: content exempted from compliance with accessibility requirements).
The contrast of colours used for bus-line logos: these colours are part of a graphic charter that is applicable to street furniture in Luxembourg City, and to media used by City of Luxembourg for general communication purposes.
The Mobiliteit route search form (reason: third-party service not developed by the publisher). The information can be found online.
Tooltips are used in the collection schedule in the year view. The day and month views can be used as an alternative.
As the City of Luxembourg considers that all displayed images convey information, a descriptive text alternative is provided for each image.
Authoring of this Accessibility Statement
This Accessibility Statement was authored on 6 April 2023. The information provided in this statement is accurate and based on an assessment of this website's compliance with
RGAA 4.1 requirements
, conducted by a third party: Luxembourg Government
Service Information et presse
(Information and Press Service)
Feedback and contact details
If you notice that an accessibility feature is missing, please send an email describing the problem, and the page on which it occurred, to
web@vdl.lu
. We will send you a reply by email within one month. To provide a permanent remedy, we will make every reasonable effort to correct the accessibility issue on the page(s) in question. If we are unable to correct the issue, the information you require will be forwarded to you in an accessible format of your choice:
in writing, as a document or an email message;
verbally, in the course of a meeting or by telephone.
Procedure for ensuring compliance with accessibility requirements
If you are not satisfied with the City of Luxembourg's reply, you can inform the Luxembourg Government's
Service information et presse
(Information and Press Service) – the Government department tasked with accessibility compliance matters – using
this online form
, or contact
the Ombudsman
(the Mediator of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg).
Other websites
Where the
onsstad.vdl.lu
website is concerned, the aim is to achieve WCAG 2.1. AA compliance. A more in-depth analysis is currently under way.
Where the
citybiblio.vdl.lu
website is concerned, the aim is to achieve WCAG 2.1. AA compliance. A more in-depth analysis is currently under way.
Where the
maps.vdl.lu
website is concerned, the aim is to achieve WCAG 2.1. AA compliance:
Details on the Frontend
(English only)
Details on the VPAT and other components
(English only)
Where the
cityapp
is concerned, the aim is to achieve WCAG 2.1. AA compliance. A more in-depth analysis is currently under way.
Registered trademarks
The following logos and names are trademarks registered with the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO), and are the property of the City of Luxembourg:
Ville de Luxembourg (logo, whether or not accompanied by the text "Ville de Luxembourg")
Multiplicity
vel'OH!
Schueberfouer.
Use of our logos
If you wish to use our logos as part of a sponsorship agreement, or any other type of collaboration with the City of Luxembourg, the City's prior consent will be required.
To obtain the City's consent for that purpose, please send a written request to the College of Aldermen at the following address: Collège des bourgmestre et échevins
42, Place Guillaume II
L-2090 Luxembourg
Alternatively, you may send an email to the City's
Service CRP
(Communications and Public Relations Department) at
relationspubliques@vdl.lu
.
Cookies
This website, as well as the sites maps.vdl.lu, citybiblio.lu and form-server.vdl.lu, use cookies and other similar technologies that are strictly necessary for them to function properly without using personal data.
Link
Details
Latest update
The principles set out in this Notice are based on European and Luxembourg laws and regulations in force at the date of publication. They may be subsequently amended to reflect changes to legal and regulatory provisions.
This Legal Notice was last updated on 6 June 2024.