Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for software applications and services ("applications") created by TSKV, LLC.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
What information is collected?
Applications may collect certain usage and device information including, but not limited to, device and operating system type, browser type, IP address, crash reports and analytics.
The application does not collect precise location information such as GPS location, but can collect the country and operating system language.
How is collected information used?
The information collected is used for the purpose of product improvement, analytics and serving advertisements.
Third Party
The applications may use third party services in their operations for activities such as analytics, push notifications, crash reporting, serving advertisements and more.
These third party services may collect information such as the advertising identifier, IP address and application usage statistics.
Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by the app:
Google
Firebase
AdMob
Links to Other Sites
The applications may contain links to other applications or sites. Note that these external sites may not adhere to the policies of this document. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party applications, sites or services.
How can I opt-out?
To opt-out from using the advertising identifier in order to serve advertisements by third parties, follow these guides:
For iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch devices
For Android devices
Opting-out and stopping all information collection can be achieved by uninstalling the applications.
Children
The applications dos not knowingly collect information or market to children under the age of 13. If we become aware of such information collection, we will make our best efforts to delete this information from our servers and contact any third party service to do the same within a reasonable timeframe.
Updates
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time. New updates will be posted to
this webpage
. For any concern, please revisit this document to view the latest version.
Consent
If you choose to use the these applications, you are consenting to use the information collection as set forth in this privacy policy.
Contact us
For any questions regarding the applications and this privacy policy, please contact us at dtapps.contact [at] gmail.com