Download The App
Verse Of The Day
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 1 October 2021
This Privacy Policy (Policy) is to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have regarding your information.
The Personally Identifiable Information we collect
In the course of using DVO, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use of and activities in DVO that may be connected with you (Personal Information). Personal Information that we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name and email address. When you use DVO, servers automatically record information that your browser or device sends whenever you are active. This information may include personal information, accounts data for sending notifications, notifications messages and their rich content. All app sensitive information remains your property and shall not be part of the Personal Information.
How We Use Personal Information
Personal Information is or may be used for the following purposes: (i) to provide and improve the DVO app, website, services, features and content, (ii) to administer your use of DVO, (iii) to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate DVO, (iv) to better understand your needs and interests, (v) to fulfil requests you may make, (vi) to personalize your experience, (vii) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements, and (viii) to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, including newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information on services and products offered by us or third parties. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive any such communications, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications sent to you.
We use information we obtain by technical means (such as the automatic recording performed by our servers or through the use of cookies) for the above purposes and in order to monitor and analyze use of the app, website and our services, for the technical administration of DVO, to increase its functionality and user-friendliness, to better tailor it to your needs, to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and behavior of our users.
Business Transfers
Alphapod Sdn. Bhd. may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with or in anticipation of a corporate event, including a merger, acquisition, sale of stock, recapitalization, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your account settings.
You may also request to delete your account along with all its associated data be sending an email to us at
support+dvo@alphapod.com
.
If you request that we delete your account, we will delete your personal data, unless we’re required to keep something or we still need to use it for a legally justifiable reason.
Here are some examples of situations where we’re legally allowed or required to keep some of your personal data:
If there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit or unresolved claim or dispute.
For our legal, tax, audit and accounting obligations.
For our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain security.
Security
We are very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable measures and security designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. These measures including encrypting sensitive information using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and storing information behind a firewall. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Our Policy Toward Children
DVO is not directed to children under 13. If you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us.
Service Providers, Business Partners and Others.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform website-related services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of features) or to assist us in analyzing how DVO is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf.
OneSignal
The OneSignal SDK collects data for the purposes of providing us with functionality to target and personalize the notifications we send to end-users. This data collection is limited to the data available to DVO which includes the OneSignal SDK.
This data may also be shared with OneSignal Partners and Clients who leverage such data in order to personalize their Offerings to you, and for cross-app advertising.
This data may include items such as:
1) Your device's Advertising Identifier
2) Some or all of the following information: IP address, device push token, precise location, network information, language, timezone, product preferences, and privacy preferences
Some of the data and information we collect can indirectly be used to identify you (such as your device’s Advertising ID until it is reset), while other data and information (such as your location) can only be used to identify you when combined with other information. We use some of this data and information in an anonymized and/or aggregated form that does not identify you personally, in order to improve our services, perform web and mobile analytics, and work with entities with which we have a strategic relationship.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Policy, we or a data partner we have engaged may collect and store a unique identifier matched to your mobile device, in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use apps or surf the internet, or to seek to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers.  In order to customize these ads or content, we or a data partner may connect de-identified demographic or other data about you (received from third parties) either to data passively collected from you, such as your device identifier or IP address. However, we will share your email address solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
In the case of apps, the collection of data continues under this Policy until you either: (a) remove any app that integrates the OneSignal SDK from your device, or (b) modify the ad tracking settings on your device (identified by “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS and “Opt out of interest based ads” on Android).
Acceptance of this Policy
Your installation of such the DVO app constitutes a legally binding acceptance of this Policy.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy may be changed at any time, with or without notice to you. If you continue to use DVO after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised Policy. Please check this Policy periodically for any amendments or changes.