About
Screenshots
Download
FAQ
Team
YoWindow for mobile devices - Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our mobile application - YoWindow Weather and the use of the information.
We do not collect any personal information.
YoWindow needs to know the location to display your local weather. On the first launch you are provided with an option to detect your location automatically. You can opt out and choose the desired location manually.
YoWindow collects location data to display the weather at your current location inside the widgets and the live wallpaper even when the app is closed or not in use.
Location data is also used to support ads and collect internal analytics to improve the quality of the app
Other than that we don't require you to provide any personal information and we don't collect any information about you or your device.
We do not give out any nonpersonal information to anybody outside our company.
We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
.
YoWindow complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Photo landscapes.
Most of photographs, that displayed in YoWindow, are not owned by us.
They were taken by independent photographers and enthusiasts.
However, we make an effort to create live landscapes from these photos.
The sky is cut out to display the current weather instead.
And a depth map is made to reflect aerial perspective and mists where it makes sense.
The photographs are used according to the license terms specified on the web-page of the photo.
We always link to this page and the author of the photo is mentioned in the bottom left corner of the window.
If you are the owner of the photograph, used in YoWindow, and you think it should not be displayed in the app, 
please email to copyright@repkasoft.com
We take copyright seriously.
Expect us to remove the photo from our servers promptly.
After that, the photo will not be distributed via YoWindow anymore.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at support@repkasoft.com
Last updated January 7, 2021
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate