Skip to main content
Skip to log on
Skip to search
Accessibility at CommBank
CommBank support
/
Group Privacy Statement
Group Privacy Statement
We take our responsibility to protect your privacy very seriously. We apply strict security and privacy controls to the way we handle your personal information.
About this statement
Collection, use & sharing
Securing your information
Your credit information
Accessing your information
We’re here to help
About this statement
Each member of the CommBank Group collects and handles your personal information in accordance with its legal obligations, including those under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia and its subsidiaries (the CommBank Group) provide or distribute a wide range of banking, finance, insurance, funds management, financial planning and advice, superannuation, stockbroking and other services.
This Statement describes how your personal information and credit information is collected and handled by the following members of the CommBank Group:
the Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Commonwealth Securities Limited (CommSec)
Commonwealth Private
CBA Services Private Limited
our international branches in China, Hong Kong, Tokyo (Japan), Singapore, London (United Kingdom), New Zealand and New York (the United States of America)
Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Europe) NV.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, or if you are a customer of our China, Hong Kong, Singapore or Tokyo branches, you may have additional rights. See
additional rights
at the end of this page for more information.
Collection, use & sharing
2a. What information do we collect?
We collect your personal information directly from you most of the time, however on occasion, we may also collect information about you from other people and organisations.
We collect personal information when you:
enquire about, apply for, or use our products or services
contact us to make an enquiry or give us feedback
visit our website or use our digital services
participate in other activities we offer, such as competitions or surveys
talk to us or do business with us.
While we are required to collect some types of personal information to meet our legal obligations, we do attempt to keep our collection of your personal information to what is necessary to offer you the products and services you require. Depending on those products and services, or your interactions with the members of the CommBank Group, we may collect the following types of personal information:
Personal and contact details
This may include your name, address, email address, phone number, and date of birth.
Australian Government related identifiers and identity documents
These may include your:
Tax File Number and country of tax residency
Medicare card, Australian passport, driver licence, or pension card details
Securityholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN)
citizenship, birth, death and marriage certificates (for example, to verify your identity).
Foreign government identifiers and identity documents
This may include foreign government identity documents and identifiers such as:
tax identification number and country of tax residency
foreign passport and driver licence (for example, to verify your identity at the time you request a product or service).
Financial information
This may include:
details of your employment, income, assets, financial liabilities
copies of bank statements and credit card statements from other financial institutions
information from third parties about your credit history and insurance claims history.
Credit information
See Credit Reporting (
Your credit information
, Section 4) for the types of credit information that we collect.
Transaction information
This includes information about transactions that you have made using our products and services or in relation to CommBank Group securities. For example, your credit card transactions or ATM (Automatic Teller Machine) withdrawals, or payee details.
Socio-demographic information
This may include your marital status, age, gender, number of dependents, occupation and nationality, for example when you apply for a home loan.
Interaction information
This includes details of your interactions with us, such as when you visit a branch, call us, use our online services (such as Netbank, CommBiz or CommSec), make an enquiry, provide feedback, or make a complaint.
Digital information
We collect information from you electronically when you use our online services (such as NetBank, CommBiz, CommSec or our CommBank App). This includes information such as:
location information (if enabled on your device)
IP address
information about the electronic devices (computers, mobile phones or tablets) you use to access our platforms and how you use them, including details relating to your devices, their operating systems, browsers, other installed applications and settings
details of the wi-fi network or mobile network used by your device
type of authentication used (for example touch ID or face ID)
More information about the digital information we collect is available in the
Privacy Collection Notice for NetBank and the CommBank app
.
Importantly, we do not link this information to you unless we need to access these details for fraud or security reasons.
Find out more about
the types of cookies we use and why
.
Behavioural information
This includes information that we generate about how you use our products and services. For example, if you use our banking services, we may generate information about your spending patterns so we can help you manage your money.
Call recordings
On occasion, we monitor and record our calls with you. We will let you know if we are doing this.
Camera surveillance
For the safety of our staff and customers, we use camera surveillance, such as CCTV, to monitor CommBank premises.
Sensitive information
On occasion, we collect and handle sensitive information. This may include:
health information (where this is relevant to an insurance policy, claim or if you're in financial difficulty and ask for hardship relief due to illness)
race or ethnicity (for example we may ask you what language you speak if you request a translator to communicate with us)
criminal history and political affiliation, where it is relevant for our regulatory and/or legal obligations
Biometric information (such as fingerprints or face), where this information is Collected and Used for the purpose of automated biometric verification, biometric identification, or behavioural profile information (such as your keystroke typing patterns or scrolling or swiping activity) while you interact with us digitally, to detect suspicious financial and cyber activities, including fraud.
Information about your personal circumstances
On occasion, we may ask you to provide information about your personal circumstances so we can support you during any financial difficulties. This may include:
information about significant life events (such as a relationship breakdown or a death in the family)
information about family and domestic violence
where you have been impacted by an emergency event or a natural disaster
any unexpected changes to your financial situation (such as losing a job or incarceration)
details of injury, illness, gambling or addiction.
Publicly available information
On occasion, we may collect and handle information that is in the public domain, such as from:
online forums, websites, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or other social media (for example, if you use social media to make a complaint)
public registers (for example, those kept by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission or Land Registry Services).
See ‘Who do we share your information with?’ (
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2C) for details of third parties we may share information with.
2b. How do we use your information?
We use your information to deliver our products and services. We also use your information for other reasons, such as to better understand you, your needs, and to let you know about other products and services you might be interested in.
Here is a list of the ways we may use your personal information.
Serving you as a customer
We use your information to deliver our products and services including to:
assess and process your applications for products and services
administer and manage existing products or services you have with us
manage our relationship with you or your business
improve our service to you and your experience with us
communicate with you or your representatives about our products and services
let you know about other products and services that may be of interest to you
respond to your enquiries about our products and services, including with GenAI.
Improving our business
We use your information to improve the products and services we provide through activities such as:
reviewing customer feedback and assessing how you use our products and services
testing and validating the effectiveness of products, services and system enhancements
monitoring and reviewing call recordings, online chats and other business activity for quality assurance, training and compliance purposes
we may also use any information you provide through our online chat to improve our automated responses generated with GenAI.
Managing our operations
We use your information to manage our operations including to:
deliver our products and services
make and manage customer payments and transactions
manage fees, charges and interest due on your products and services
collect and recover money that is owed to us, this may be done through third party debt collectors and debt purchasers
respond to complaints and seek to resolve them
manage our share register and security holder records.
Managing security, risk and crime prevention
We use your information to:
prevent, detect and investigate suspicious or fraudulent activities
We may also use payee details collected as part of transactions to further provide additional fraud prevention measures, and systems
monitor our properties, for example using camera surveillance to ensure the safety of our people and customers
investigate health and safety incidents involving our people and customers
support the management of our information security and network controls to prevent cyber-attacks, unauthorised access and other criminal or malicious activities.
To comply with our legal obligations
Where required, we use your personal information to comply with the law, including our regulatory obligations, including to:
confirm your identity
share relevant information with law enforcement agencies, tax authorities and other regulatory bodies
screen applications and monitor accounts to identify criminal activity such as fraud, terrorist financing, bribery, corruption and money laundering
investigate financial crime.
Managing our business
We use your information to run our business in an efficient and proper way.
This includes managing our financial position, business capability and planning, testing systems and processes, as well as managing communications, corporate governance, and audit.
Performing analytics activities
Sometimes we combine information we have about you and our other customers, for example transaction information, with data from other sources, such as third party websites or the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
We use this information to:
help us understand trends in customer behaviour including how products and services are used
improve the products and services we offer
improve the quality of our data
develop products and services that better meet our customers’ needs and behaviours
understand and manage our risks better.
De-identifying information
Sometimes we de-identify your personal information, for example demographic profile information, transaction information, loan and repayment information (including security information), loan application information and savings information that we hold and use this to:
provide insights and analytics services to and,
share de-identified information with businesses and government
These services help businesses to learn about general characteristics of groups of customers, their general spending patterns, as well as spending behaviour and market share. They also help businesses to refine their marketing and targeting strategies. They help to provide economic and social insights, including to government. See an example of how we use data in this way and some of the
privacy treatments we use to de-identify personal information
.
Sales or acquisitions
We may also use your personal information to support any changes to the ownership of products or services or the make-up of the CommBank Group. For example, we may:
sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business, or our assets, including products or services
bring other businesses into the CommBank Group
stop providing a particular product or service.
When we do this, we may share your personal information with other members of the CommBank Group or other parties involved, where appropriate.
Determine your eligibility for credit
See Credit Reporting (
Your credit information
, Section 4) for how we use your credit information.
We may also collect, use and share your information for other reasons where the law allows or requires us to.
Direct marketing
From time to time, we may also use your personal information to tell you about products and services we think may be of interest and value to you, but we will stop if you tell us to.
We may contact you by various means, including by mail, telephone, email, SMS or other electronic means, such as through social media or targeted advertising through CommBank websites or through our online banking services.
If you do not want to receive direct marketing offers from us, you can opt-out by:
updating your message preference settings in your online services (such as Netbank, CommBiz or CommSec)
contacting us using the details in
Further Information
, Section 6a.
We may first require you to log into your NetBank account or otherwise identify yourself.
2c. Who do we share your information with
We may share your information with third parties for the reasons mentioned in How do we use your information? (
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2b), or where the law otherwise allows or requires us to.
The types of third parties are listed below.
Other members of the CommBank Group
We may share your information between members of the CommBank Group.
You can read about how CommBank Group members may use your information in How do we use your information? (
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2b).
Authorised Third Parties
We may share information with third parties where you have authorised us to do so or where we are legally required. They include:
third parties that you have authorised to act for you (such as accountants, financial counsellors, legal representatives, agents, mortgage brokers, financial advisors, or a person with Power of Attorney)
your parent or legal guardian (if you are under 14 years)
guarantors and other security providers.
Third Parties that can verify your information
This includes organisations that can verify information that you have supplied when applying for a product or service, or making a claim, including:
your employer, to verify your employment status
your doctor, to verify your medical history
other banks and financial institutions that you may have products and services with.
commercially available third party databases
credit reporting bodies and credit providers (see
Your credit information
, Section 4).
Our Service Partners
We may share your information with our service partners, external service providers and other organisations that help us to supply products and services. These include:
organisations that we partner with to supply products and services, for example, payment and shopping services, mortgage insurers, loyalty program partners and our product distributors.
external service providers that we engage to do some of our work for us, for example mailing houses, debt recovery agencies, legal service providers and information technology, cloud service providers and market research companies.
external technology service providers that support GenAI (such as Microsoft).
people who help us process applications and claims (like assessors and investigators).
organisations involved in our funding arrangements (like loan purchasers, investors, advisers, researchers, trustees and rating agencies).
auditors, insurers and re-insurers
organisations that assist us to identify, investigate or prevent fraud or other misconduct.
our share registry service provider
Organisations that provide us with information, including publicly available information, so we can tell you about products and services we think may be of interest and value to you (for example, property insights services). If you do not wish for your information to be used in this way you can tell us by opting out of receiving direct marketing communications (see 2b. Direct Marketing).
Strategic Referral Partners
We may share your information, with external parties with whom CBA has entered into strategic alliance or referral arrangements to enable you to inquire about the services or products they offer.
A product refers to any offering of features and benefits to a Customer.
This may include products that allow a Customer to:
make a financial investment (e.g. a share);
borrow money (e.g. credit cards, loans or bonds);
save money (e.g. term deposits);
manage financial risk (e.g. insurance); or
facilitate payments (e.g. BPay, clearing and settlement facilities).
Other financial services organisation
We may collect and share your information with other banks, third party payment providers, superannuation funds and financial services providers to provide you services, for example to process your transactions, facilitate payment reversals and provide refunds.
Government and law enforcement agencies
We may share your information with regulatory bodies, government agencies and law enforcement bodies to comply with our legislative or regulatory obligations in any of the jurisdictions where we operate.
Sending information overseas
Sometimes, we may send your information overseas, including to:
CommBank Group members that are located in China, India, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the United States of America
service providers or third parties who store data or operate outside Australia
complete international transactions, such as currency exchanges
organisations we partner with to provide products and services
comply with laws and help government or law enforcement agencies.
If we do this, we make sure there are appropriate privacy, data handling and security arrangements in place to protect your information.
Securing your information
3a. Keeping your information safe
Our staff are trained in how to keep your information safe and secure. We use secure systems and buildings to hold your information. We aim to only keep your information for as long as we need it.
We store your hard copy and electronic records in secure buildings and systems or using trusted third parties. We use a range of physical, electronic and other security measures to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of the personal information we hold about you.
We aim to keep personal information only for as long as we need it – for example for business or legal reasons. When we no longer need information, we take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify it.
Your credit information
We collect credit information about you when you apply or use our credit related products or services.  We may also collect credit information about you from credit reporting bodies (such as Equifax).
What
is credit information?
Credit information is personal information that is about credit that has been provided to you or that you have applied for. This includes credit for personal purposes and credit in connection with a business. It can also cover information about you as a guarantor of a loan or as an insured party under a credit related insurance policy.
Types of credit-related information we collect, hold and disclose
We collect credit information directly from you or your representative when you apply for a credit related product or service, like a credit card. We also collect credit information about you from third parties, including credit reporting bodies (such as Equifax) or other credit providers (such as another bank).
The types of credit information we collect and handle are set out below.
Identification information
This includes your name (including any aliases), gender, date of birth, driver licence number, current and most recent past addresses, as well as current and most recent past employers.
Consumer credit liability information
This is information about any accounts that you currently have open or may have had in the past. It includes the type of account, the open and/or close date, as well as the credit limit.
Repayment history
This includes a history of your repayments, including whether you have made payments when due, and if not, when overdue payments have been made.
Financial Hardship Information
This includes information about agreed financial hardship arrangements that you may have with us or our credit providers, both temporary and permanent. Financial hardship information will be recorded with the repayment history information.
Default information
Details of any defaults or serious credit infringements.
Public information
Public record information such as:
court judgments
directorship and business proprietorship details
bankruptcy, debt agreement and personal insolvency.
Information about credit worthiness
Information about your credit worthiness such as credit scores, credit risk ratings, summaries and evaluations.
Why we collect and handle your credit information
When you apply to us for credit or propose to be a guarantor, we need to know if you’re able to meet repayments under your agreement with us. We also want to avoid giving you further credit if this would put you in financial difficulty.
We use credit information to:
confirm your identity
assess your credit applications and your ability to manage credit
manage credit provided to you
assist you to manage your credit related obligations and to consider any financial hardship requests
derive scores, ratings, summaries and evaluations relating to your credit worthiness which are used in our decision-making processes and ongoing reviews
help us collect overdue payments
share information with credit reporting bodies, where the law permits us to do so.
How do we hold credit information?
We keep your credit information with your other information. In some cases, we may need to share some of your information with organisations outside Australia (see
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2c).
More information
It is important that we hold accurate credit information about you. To access or correct your credit information, please contact us (see
Further Information
, Section 6a).
You can also contact us to make an enquiry or complaint about the collection and handling of your credit information.
Credit reporting bodies
If you apply for credit or offer to act as a guarantor, we may collect or share your information with a credit reporting body. This information is used to determine your eligibility for credit.
When we request information about you from a credit reporting body, we will need to share some of your personal or credit information with them, your consent is not required for us to share that information in relation to a consumer credit application.
When we request information about you from a credit reporting body (called a credit enquiry), we will need to share some of your personal or credit information with them. Your consent is not required for us to share that information with a credit reporting body but sometimes we will need your consent for the credit reporting body to disclose information to us (e.g. when you apply for commercial credit).
Credit reporting bodies may use and disclose credit inquiry information when assessing your credit worthiness, including when they calculate your credit score or rating (such as when you apply for a credit card or a loan). Credit reporting bodies may also include information about credit enquiries in their reports to help other credit providers assess your credit worthiness. In some circumstances your credit score or rating may be impacted by credit enquiries, such as where numerous credit enquiries have been recorded by a credit reporting body over a short period.
We can also ask credit reporting bodies to give us your overall credit score and may use credit information from credit reporting bodies together with other information to arrive at our own assessment of your ability to manage credit.
Direct marketing:
Credit providers like us can ask credit reporting bodies to use your credit information to pre-screen you for direct marketing purposes. You can contact the credit reporting bodies if you want to stop your credit information being used for this purpose.
Preventing identity fraud:
If you think you have been, or could be, a victim of fraud you can ask the credit reporting body not to use or give anyone your credit information.
We collect from, and share information with, the following credit reporting bodies. For more information about how they handle credit reporting information they hold about you, please visit their websites.
Equifax Pty Ltd
Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd
Illion Australia Pty Ltd
Accessing your information
5a. Accessing, updating and correcting your information
You can contact us and ask to view your information. For more detailed information, we may ask you to fill out a request form. If your information isn’t correct or needs updating, let us know straight away.
How can I access my information?
You can ask us for a copy of your information, like your statements or transaction history, by visiting a branch, going online (such as Netbank, CommBiz or CommSec) or calling us (see
Further Information
, Section 6a). To get a copy of the credit information we have about you, you can visit a branch or call us.
If you would like more detailed information, please fill out the
Request for Access to Personal Information Form (PDF).
How will we handle you request?
There is no fee to ask for your information, but sometimes we might charge a fee to cover the time we spend gathering the information you want. If there’s a fee, we’ll let you know how much it is likely to be, so you can choose if you want to go ahead.
We try to make your information available within 30 days after you ask us for it.
In some cases, we can refuse access or only give you access to certain information. For example, we might not let you see information that involves other people. If we do this, we will write to you explaining our decision.
Can you correct or update your information?
It’s important that we have your correct details, such as your current home address, email address and phone number. You can check or update your information at any branch, via your online services (such as Netbank, CommBiz or CommSec) or by calling us (see
Further Information
, Section 6a).
If you think your personal or credit information is incorrect, contact us to investigate the issue (see
Further Information
, Section 6a).
We’ll try to respond to your request within 30 days. If we can’t, we’ll let you know why it’s taking longer.
If we don’t think the information needs correcting, we’ll write to let you know why. You can ask us to include a statement with the information that says you believe it is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or out of date.
We’re here to help
6a. Contact us
If you need more information, want to access or update your personal information or if you have a privacy concern, please contact us using the contact details below.
Personal banking
Message us in the CommBank app
or call
13 2221
, 8am - 8pm (Sydney/Melbourne time)
Overseas? Call
+61 2 9999 3283
Business banking
Call
13 1998
any time
Overseas? Call +61 2 9009 0593
CommSec
Call
13 1519
Commonwealth Private
Call
1300 362 081
Overseas? Call +61 2 9115 1417
8am - 7pm, Monday - Friday (Sydney/Melbourne time)
Access for hearing or speech impaired customers
TTY number: Call
133 677
then ask for 13 2221
SMS Relay: Text
0423 677 767
(for more info, visit the
National Relay Service)
Voice Relay number: Call
1300 555 727
then ask for 13 2221
Visit your nearest CommBank branch
Find a branch
Contact our international Privacy
Officers
If you’re a customer of our international branches, you can contact us on the details below.
China
The Data Privacy Officer
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Shanghai and Beijing Branches
Mailing Address: RM 43-031 Hang Seng Bank Tower, No. 1000 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong, Shanghai.
Telephone: +86 21 61238900
Hong Kong
The Data Privacy Officer
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Hong Kong Branch
Mailing Address: Suite 1401, One Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
Telephone: +852 2844 7500
Fax: +852 2845 9194
Japan (Tokyo)
The Data Privacy Officer
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Tokyo Branch
Mailing Address: 13F, Muromachi Furukawa Mitsui Bldg 2-3-1, Nihonbashi Muromachi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0022 Japan
Telephone: +81 03 5400 7857
Email:
Takao.Uehara@cba.com.au
Singapore
The Data Privacy Officer
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Singapore Branch
Mailing Address: 38 Beach Road, #07-11 South Beach Tower, Singapore 189767
Email:
dpo@cba.com.au
New Zealand
Group Chief Privacy Officer
Email:
GroupPrivacyOffice@cba.com.au
6b. Making a privacy complaint
If you have a concern or complaint about how we have handled your personal information (including your credit information), let us know and we’ll try to fix it. If you’re not satisfied with how we respond to your complaint about how we’ve handled your personal information, there are other things you can do.
How can you make a complaint?
To make a complaint, contact one of our staff or customer service teams (see
Further Information
, Section 6a). We’ll look into the issue and try to fix it straight away.
If you’ve raised your concern with one of our staff and are not satisfied, you can contact our Customer Relations team:
CBA Group Customer Relations
Webform
https://www.commbank.com.au/support/compliments-and-complaints.html
Phone
1800 805 605
+61 2 9687 0756 from overseas
8am - 6pm, 7 days a week (Sydney/Melbourne time)
Mail
Reply Paid 41, Sydney NSW 2001
If you would like further information on how we handle complaints, please visit
how we manage complaints page
.
What else can you do?
If you’re not satisfied with our response after you’ve been through our internal complaints process, you can lodge a dispute through the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA), our external dispute resolution provider.
AFCA provides consumers and small businesses with fair, free and independent dispute resolution for financial complaints.
Australian Financial Complaints Authority
Visit:
www.afca.org.au
Email:
info@afca.org.au
Phone:
1800 931 678
(free call)
Mail: Australian Financial Complaints Authority, GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001
You can also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner if your complaint is about your privacy or how we handled your credit information.
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Visit:
oaic.gov.au
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Phone:
1300 363 992
Mail: GPO Box 5288, Sydney NSW 2001
Additional rights in Asia
Customers of our Singapore Branch
Additional rights for customers of our Singapore Branch are set out in the Singapore Branch Privacy Notice. You may request a copy of this Notice, or further information relating to your rights, by contacting the Singapore Data Privacy Officer (
see Further Information
, Section 6a).
Customers of our Tokyo Branch
Additional rights for customers of our Tokyo Branch are set out in the
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Tokyo Branch Privacy Policy Statement
(PDF).
Customers of our China Branch
Additional rights for customers whose personal information will be collected, processed, stored, transmitted, disclosed and used by Commonwealth Bank of Australia in China is set out in our
China Branch Privacy Notice
.
Customers of our Hong Kong Branch
Additional rights for customers of our Hong Kong Branch are set out in the Commonwealth Bank of Australia,
Hong Kong Branch Privacy Policy Statement
(PDF), and the
Hong Kong Branch Privacy Notice
.
Additional rights for individuals located in the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom (UK) have local data protection laws, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), which give more rights to individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA)  and the UK and more obligations to organisations holding their personal information.
If you are a customer of our UK branch or our bank in Netherlands, that organisation will be a “controller” of your personal information, which means it is responsible for compliance with the GDPR or UK GDPR as applicable.
In this Appendix, “personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Under the GDPR and UK GDPR, personal information must be processed in a lawful, fair and transparent manner. This means we must provide you with more information about how we collect, use, share and store your personal information and information about your rights in data protection law.  We have set out below this information, which is in addition to certain other information provided in the Group Privacy Statement above.
If you are located in the UK or EEA and have an enquiry relating to your data protection rights, please contact
myprivacyrequest@cba.com.au
.
What personal information do we collect?
For details of what personal information we collect, please refer to Section 2 (
Collection, use and sharing
) above.
If we require certain information for our contract with you or because it is legally required and you do not provide this to us, we may not be able to offer you products or services, or perform our contract with you.
Special categories of personal information
Personal information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data (for example your fingerprints), or data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation is subject to additional requirements.
If we process this personal information about you, we will only process this with your consent or where otherwise lawfully permitted.
How long we keep your personal information
We will keep your personal information while you are a customer. We keep your personal information for only as long as we need it for the relevant purpose.
We generally keep your personal information for up to 7 years after you stop being a customer but we may keep your personal information for longer for the following purposes:
To fulfil legal or regulatory obligations
For internal research and analytics
To respond to a question or complaint
How we use your personal information
We can collect and use your personal information for the purposes noted above in Section 2 (
Collection, use and sharing)
.  We must have a valid lawful ground to process your personal information, which may be one of the following lawful grounds:
Contract: We need to process your personal information in order to fulfil a contract you have with us, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
Legal or regulatory obligations: We need to process your personal information for us to comply with applicable law or regulations (not including contractual obligations).
Legitimate interests: We need to process your personal information for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides these legitimate interests.
Consent: We may (but usually do not) need your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
The purposes for which we use your personal information, lawful grounds we may rely upon are as follows:
Serving you as a customer
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests to enable us to perform our obligations and to provide our services to you
Improving our business
We have your consent
For legitimate interests to improve the products and services we offer, improve the quality of our data, develop products and services that better meet our customers’ needs and behaviours, and understand and manage our risks better
Managing our operations
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests to enable us to perform our obligations and to provide our services to you, to manage our risks better, and to run our business in an efficient and proper way
Managing security, risk and crime prevention
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests of fraud prevention and prevention of other crime, ensuring security of our network and systems and legal claims and proceedings
To comply with our legal obligations
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests of compliance with applicable non-UK / non-EU laws
Managing our business
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For the legitimate interests to run our business in an efficient and proper way, including managing our financial position, business capability and planning, testing systems and process, as well as managing communications, corporate governance, and audit
Performing analytics activities
For legitimate interests to help us understand trends in customer behaviour including how products and services are used, improve the products and services we offer, improve the quality of our data, develop products and services that better meet our customers’ needs and behaviours, and understand and manage our risks better
De-identifying information
For legitimate interests to provide insights and analytics services to other organisations, to share de-identified information with other organisations, which help organisations learn about the types of customers they have and their general spending patterns
Sales and acquisitions
For legitimate interests to support any changes to the ownership of products or services or the make-up of the CommBank Group
Determine your eligibility for credit
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests to enable us to assess your eligibility and affordability prior to potentially issuing credit
To market our goods/services to you
We have your consent
Who do we share your information with?
We may share your personal information with other organisations within our Group or third parties as set out in Section 2 (
Collection, use & sharing
).
Profiling and automated decision making
We may use systems to make automated decisions (including profiling) based on personal information we have collected from you or obtained from other sources such as credit reporting bodies. These systems can evaluate your personal circumstances and other factors to predict risk or outcomes.
Our credit approval process relies on automated analysis of personal information provided by you in the application process, alongside that received from credit referencing agencies and fraud prevention agencies, to make the following decisions:
eligibility – whether it is appropriate to offer you credit or a loan;
affordability – the maximum value of the credit or loan (ie, the credit limit); and
the term of the credit or loan.
These automated decisions can affect the products or services we offer you.  For example, we may decide not to offer all or some our products or services to you, or we may decide how much to charge you, based on credit history and other financial information about you.
You have certain rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling, which are set out below.
Sending  information outside the UK/EEA
Recipients of your personal information may be located outside the UK or EEA as described in Section 2 (
Collection, use & sharing
).
Where we transfer your personal information outside the UK or the EEA, we will ensure that it is transferred in a manner consistent with legal requirements applicable to the information, for example:
we may put in place “standards contractual clauses” approved by the European Commission with the recipient, which requires them to protect your personal information; or
the country to which we send the personal information may be approved by the European Commission or UK; or
applicable law may permit us to transfer outside the UK or EEA in other ways, such as to perform a contract with you.
Please contact us if you would like more information about the appropriate safeguards, including a sample copy of the standard contractual clauses, relevant to the transfer of personal information.
Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you, although please note that in some cases, exceptions apply to the exercise of these rights and so you may not be able to exercise them in all situations.
You can exercise your rights by contacting
myprivacyrequest@cba.com.au
.
The right to be informed how personal information is processed
You have the right to be informed how your personal information is being collected and used.
The right to withdraw your consent if we are relying on it to handle your personal information
If we require your consent to process your personal information you can withdraw consent at any time. If you withdraw consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. The right to withdraw only applies when the lawful basis of processing is consent.
The right of access to personal information
You can access your personal information that we hold by emailing:
myprivacyrequest@cba.com.au
The right to rectification
You have the right to question any personal information we have about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check the accuracy and correct it.
The right to erasure
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. You can make the request verbally or in writing. There may be legal or other reasons why we need to keep your personal information and if so we will tell you what these are.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict our use of your personal information in some circumstances. We may be able to restrict the use of your personal information. In this situation we would not use or share your personal information while it is restricted. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances.
The right to data portability
In some circumstances you have the right to request we provide you with a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a format that can be easily reused.
The right to object
In some circumstances you have the right to object to us processing your personal information.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
We may use systems to make automated decisions (including profiling) based on personal information we have collected from you or obtained from other sources such as credit reporting bodies. These automated decisions can affect the products or services we offer you. You can ask that we not make decisions based on automated score alone or object to an automated decision and ask that a person review the automated decision.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to complain to the regulator if you are not happy with the outcome of a complaint.
See the ‘Regulator Contact Details’ section below for more information.
The individual regulator websites will tell you how to report a concern.
Minors and children’s privacy
For certain services, we will seek parent or guardian consent to collect the details of children under certain ages.
Regulator contact details
The UK data protection authority is:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
UK
Visit:
ico.org.uk
The Netherlands Data Protection Authority is:
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Prins Causlaan 60
PO Box 93374
2509 AJ DEN HAAG / The Hague
Visit:
https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl
For other European jurisdictions please refer to the
European Commission
website for details of the relevant data protection authorities.
Policy updated: 28 January 2025
During our relationship with you, we may tell you more about how we collect and handle your information – for example, when you fill in an application form or receive product terms and conditions. You should always read these documents carefully.
Sometimes we update our Statement. You can always find the most up-to-date version on our website.
Commonwealth Bank
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.commbank.com.au/support/privacy/privacy-collection-notice-nb-app.html#what:
Skip to main content
Skip to log on
Skip to search
Accessibility at CommBank
Privacy Collection Notice –
NetBank and the CommBank app
1. Who we are
2. What's in this notice
3. What is personal information
4.
What information we collect
5. Why we collect your information and what we use it for
6. Who we share your information with
7. Our Privacy Policy and how to contact us
Addendum
Commonwealth Bank of Australia (ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945) (CommBank) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) provide a wide range of banking and financial products and services. For more information about the Group, including a complete list of Group members, go to our
investor centre
.
In this Privacy Collection Notice, 'we', 'us' or 'our' refers to the Group.
Back to top
This notice describes how we collect, hold, use and share your personal information when you use our electronic banking platforms (
NetBank
) and/or our mobile and tablet banking application (
CommBank app
) (collectively, our platforms). It includes:
The kinds of personal information we collect
The reasons we collect and use that information
Who we share your information with
How to access our Privacy Policy or contact us about our privacy practices
The
Addendum
at the end of this notice provides more detail about the ways we collect, hold, and use and share additional personal information from the CommBank app.
You should also read the terms and conditions for the products and services we offer, including our
Electronic Banking Terms and Conditions
. These terms may contain more information about the ways we collect, hold, use and share personal information for those products and services.
Back to top
Personal information includes information or an opinion about an individual that’s identified or reasonably identifiable. This can include a person's name, age, gender, postcode and contact details. It may also include financial information, such as credit card or transaction details, as well as a range of other types of data. An example of reasonably identifiable information is data on a bank statement which also contains the person’s name.
Back to top
We collect personal information about you when you use or access our platforms, and on an ongoing basis while you bank with us, including:
Information about your identity, such as your name and contact details (including your email address and mobile number)
Information about your personal circumstances (e.g. marital status, age, gender, occupation, and relevant information about your partner or family)
Information contained in identity documents or government documents, provided by you or someone acting on your behalf (e.g. your drivers' licence, passport, Medicare number) or government-issued concession cards you hold (e.g. a Seniors Card or a Veterans Card)
Credit and other financial information, including transactions and payments made using our platforms and details of any of your assets and liabilities (such as your share holdings or accounts with other financial institutions). For more information
see credit reporting
.
Information you or someone acting on your behalf provides us as part of applying for a product or service from us, including details of your income and assets, financial liabilities, copies of bank statements and credit card statements from other financial institutions, as well as information from third parties regarding your credit history
Information about your use of our online banking services, websites, mobile and tablet applications and ATMs, including your login details, preferences, activity logs, IP address, behavioural data and information collected by cookies. For more on how we use cookies to secure, improve and optimise your use of our platforms,
see our Cookies Policy
.
Details of consents you’ve provided us relating to the sharing of your data (including in relation to the
Consumer Data Right or Open Banking
).
Information you provide in free text fields, such as surveys, search terms or chat on our platforms
Information about the electronic devices (computers, mobile phones or tablets) you use to access our platforms and how you use them, including:
Details relating to your devices, their operating systems, browsers, other applications and settings
Information associated with your access to our platforms, such as information relating to the wi-fi network or mobile network used by your devices when accessing our platforms
General location information we get from your device’s IP address, or more specific location if you have opted in
Information about the way you use your devices while accessing our platforms, such as pages you visit on our platforms, click rates, scrolling or swiping activity, mouse movements, or typing speed. We may collect and process this information to generate a 'behavioural profile' that relates specifically to you, which we can use to identify unusual behaviour
Additional information when you’re using the CommBank app, as set out in the
Addendum
to this notice
The information we collect may include sensitive information. For example, we may ask for health information as part of an application for insurance. If we collect this type of information, we'll ask for your permission (except when we’re required or authorised by law to collect this information without your consent).
We may collect this information from you directly or from third parties, including:
Someone acting on your behalf, such as a parent or guardian, agent, or authorised operator of your account
Third party service providers who capture data when you use our platforms on our behalf
If you give us information about others (such as a joint applicant or if you’re an organisation, its officers or beneficial owners), you must have their authority and tell them what's in this notice.
Back to top
We collect, use and share your information:
To confirm your identity and manage our relationship with you, including to contact you about changes to our products and services
To identify, manage and minimise security risks and detect and prevent fraud, scams and other unauthorised activity. As part of this, we may:
Combine data collected through our other channels (including data collected from or held by trusted third parties or public sources) to help us detect security threats
Provide your personal information to a government agency or third party to match it against data held by them to confirm your identity
Use your biometric fingerprint and other behavioural information we collect to identify suspicious activity
Use your information to contact you if we detect a security threat
Block disruptive use of our platforms or any suspected illegal activities
In the case of behavioural information (other than your biometric fingerprint), for analytical purposes to help us:
Improve our digital features, products and services
Understand which aspects of our platforms are working well and which aren’t
Detect whether certain features are available on your device
Determine what types of content you may be interested in
To comply with our legal obligations, respond to legal process requests, or requests from law enforcement bodies or other third parties, including under relevant laws, such as the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth), the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) and the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) (including the Open Banking regime)
To design, price, provide, manage and improve our products, services, and digital features
To assist our business partners with designing, pricing, providing, managing and improving their products and services
To personalise the way content, services, and offers are presented or delivered to you, including providing you with a personalised user experience and targeted marketing offers
To facilitate payment requests and carry out your instructions
To make sure you can use the products we provide through our platforms, including BPAY and PayID, according to applicable terms and conditions
To see if you qualify for any products or lending facilities you apply for
To let you know about products and services you might be interested in, including those offered by our business partners
To combine it with data collected through other channels (including data collected from or held by trusted third parties or public sources) to help us understand more about our customers so we can improve our features, products, and services. For example, we may use this information to personalise your experience when using our platforms or to let you know about products and services you might be interested in (including third parties and businesses we partner with) we think are relevant for you. We also get de-identified insights which we may share with our merchant and business customers and other third parties
To determine your location using your device's IP address, which we may use to detect and prevent fraud or other suspicious activities
To implement the features set out in the
Addendum
(for the CommBank app)
For any other purpose you consent to or opt in to, including sharing or enabling functionality with our business partners
For any other purpose set out in our
Privacy Policy
If you don’t provide or allow us to collect your information, or the information you give us is inaccurate or incomplete, we may not be able to give you access to our platforms or their full functionality, or access to other products and services we may offer you from time to time.
Make sure:
The information you give us is accurate, up to date and complete
You let us know as soon as possible if you’ve changed any of your personal details
Back to top
The information we hold about you may be shared between members of the Group for the purposes set out in this notice. The information may also be shared with other third parties to help us deliver our products and services or as required by law, including:
Brokers, advisors and people who act on your behalf
Our service providers so they can provide you with the services which form part of our platforms, for security and risk mitigation and to generate insights (as set out in
section 4
)
Third party business partners so they can market or link our products with their own, and generate insights, or share de-identified insights, as set out in
section 4
above
Government and law enforcement agencies, regulators or trusted third parties for security and fraud protection
Third parties in connection with a sale or transfer of assets or other corporate transactions
Other financial institutions, for the purpose of detecting and assisting in the prevention of Fraud and Scams
Third parties you consent to (e.g. if you ask us to disclose your information to a third party as part of the
Consumer Data Right or Open Banking
)
Third parties as set out in our
Privacy Policy
Sometimes, we may send your information overseas, including to:
Overseas businesses that are part of the Group
Service providers or third parties who store data or operate outside Australia
Complete a transaction, such as an International Money Transfer
Comply with laws, and assist government or law enforcement agencies
You can find out which countries your information may be sent to, see our
security country list
(PDF).
Back to top
Go to commbank.com.au/privacy for our
Privacy Policy
or ask for a copy at any branch. It tells you:
How to access your information and correct it if it's wrong
How to update your preferences about how we contact you or ask not to receive direct marketing
How to make a privacy-related complaint (including about our compliance with the Australian Privacy Principles) and how we'll deal with it
If you live in Europe, information on how we process any personal data you provide us that’s covered by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and your rights under the GDPR described in Appendix 1 of our Privacy Policy.
Sometimes we update our Privacy Policy.
You can
contact us
anytime or if you need to talk to us about our privacy practices by:
Email:
customerrelations@cba.com.au
Phone:
1800 805 605
Mail:                 CBA Group Customer Relations, Reply Paid 41, Sydney, NSW, 2001
Back to top
When you use or access the CommBank app, in addition to the information and purposes set out above, we may collect, use and share additional types of information about you including:
Collecting your device's
location
, if you’ve consented, which we may use to send you personalised content, including pointing you to the nearest ATM or branch
Collecting other information, including authorisations and device inputs to implement additional features available through the software and hardware features of your device, e.g. voice control, tap and pay or Apple Pay
Collecting and recording loyalty card information for any loyalty schemes you may be a member of, if you provide this information to us
Collecting and disclosing information with your consent to enable you to connect with or use tools or applications from third parties, e.g. Klarna
We may also ask for your consent to enable the CommBank app to use certain features or information contained on your device, including:
Device features which use biometric information (such as your fingerprint or facial ID) to authenticate you
Other information stored on your phone, such as your contacts, which we use to display your address book when making a payment
If you enable these features, this information will still remain on your device. We don’t collect or store this information in the CommBank app.
Back to top
Commonwealth Bank
Sub-policy 1
https://www.commbank.com.au/institutional/commbankiq/privacy.html:
Skip to main content
Skip to log on
Skip to search
Accessibility at CommBank
CommBank iQ privacy approach
The security of our customers’ personal information is extremely important to us. Commonwealth Bank does not share customer personal information with CommBank iQ.
CommBank iQ is a joint venture between the Commonwealth Bank and Quantium. Insights are provided to businesses and governments by analysing Commonwealth Bank de-identified customer demographic profile information, transaction information, loan and repayment information (including security information), loan application information and savings information.
You & your privacy
The security of our customers’ personal information is extremely important to us. To protect your privacy, we take the following steps to de-identify customer data:
1. Replace information that could identify you with alphanumeric strings
2. Alter other information that could be used to identify you
3. Run tests on the data to ensure it has been de-identified in this way
This process is shown in the diagram.
See larger image
The de-identified dataset is then used to provide insights to businesses and governments. Examples of the types of insights include:
Market share in their industry
Trends on spending behaviour of customers (for example, if spend on travel is increasing or decreasing compared with spend on entertainment)
General characteristics of groups of customers (for example, by age, income bracket or location)
Spending behaviour based on brands of goods or services purchased (for example, people who ski are likely to spend less on entertainment)
Impact of governments policies on the demographics of the population
High-level economic and social insights.
We also help businesses to refine their customer marketing and targeting strategies .
Australians in their early thirties and renters feeling most pressure from rising cost of living
New CommBank iQ Cost of Living Insights Report uses bank transaction data to provide business customers with powerful insights into changes in consumer spending.
Read article
CommBank IQ
About CommBank iQ
CommBank iQ is a joint venture between Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 (Commonwealth Bank) and The Quantium Group Pty Ltd, designed to give businesses and institutions the power of Australia’s largest de-identified banking dataset, unlocked by leading analytics and artificial intelligence. This unique partnership enables businesses and institutions to understand and predict the needs of Australians like never before. Visit:
commbank.com.au/commbankiq
Commonwealth Bank
Sub-policy 2
https://www.commbank.com.au/content/dam/commbank-assets/about-us/docs/PrivacyPolicy-Statement_E.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://www.commbank.com.au/content/dam/commbank-assets/about-us/docs/china-branch-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 4
https://www.commbank.com.au/content/dam/commbank-assets/about-us/docs/external-privacy-policy.pdf:

Sub-policy 5
https://www.commbank.com.au/content/dam/commbank-assets/about-us/docs/hk-privacy-notice.pdf:
