Privacy Policy
*Note: The Growth Bundle apps – Done, Tally, Last, Grateful, Do, and Moody – have been acquire by Reflectly App. You can view their privacy policy at
https://reflectly.app/
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by treebetty LLC (‘tbd’,’we’,’us’, ‘our’) through our mobile applications (
Horizons
,
Brighter
)  and website and how we use that information.
We Collect Limited Information with Our Applications
In order to improve our product, we collect anonymous aggregate data about visitors to our website with Google Analytics and Plausible Analytics. We track usage of our mobile apps with Firebase and Amplitude, and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts with Adjust. We do not use any features that track you as a user. All data we collect is anonymous. We just want to know how people are using and finding our apps so we can add features and continue to make them better.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we do not require you to provide any information and we do not collect any information about you except:
(i) anonymous, non-identifiable data related to usage patterns within the app, which is used solely to enhance and improve our applications. This data may include, but is not limited to, the type of mobile device you use and your mobile operating system.
We do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device
We Do Not Collect Any Information with Our Applications for Children
When you download and use our mobile applications for children, we do not require you to provide any information and we do not collect ANY information about you.
We Don’t Collect Information of Children
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Location Information
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
Sharing of information
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
Ad Companies
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
Do Third Parties See or Have Access to Information Obtained By The Application?
Our apps may periodically transmit aggregated, anonymous data to an external analytics service to help us improve our apps. This data is not disclosed to any other third parties, except in the following cases:
• As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
• When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
• If any of our apps is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on this privacy policy of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
When You Request Support, You May Send Us Email
We allow users to contact us if they have questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request. We use Support Information only to provide support to you.
What Data Do You Retain?
None. All data entered into our apps is stored solely on your device(s) and is removed if you uninstall the app. All data backed up by the app and all data synched between devices is stored solely in your personal iCloud account.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
Your Consent
By using our apps, you consent to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at apps [at] treebetty [dot] com.
Last Updated: 2/01/202
2