WhereAreYou App
About
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The application does not require any user registration therefore all information is completely anonymised. We take privacy
        very seriously and take all measures within our means to make sure even the anonymised data is secure.
For us it is very important that when using this app you respect other people's privacy and do not send any unreasonable
        requests! We cannot take any responsibility for any damage that may occur as a result of using this application.
Terms and Conditions
Who May Use the WhereAreYou App
In order to use the Where Are You App or Website ("App"), you should at least be 13 years old. Your use of this App will
        be void where prohibited. By using this App, you hereby represent and warrant that you have the right and legal capacity
        to be governed by this Agreement, and also your irrevocable consent to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Your further
        warrant that you are using this App for legitimate purposes, and not for any illegal or immoral purpose.
License To Use The App
The App Owner ("Company") hereby gives you a limited, personal, non-exclusive license to access the App for your own personal
        use. Being a personal license, you may not assign or sublicense it to someone else. Apart from this, your usage of the App
        should not be for for any commercial purposes.
Furthermore, you shall not repackage, recreate, reproduce, reverse engineer, decompile, or make derivative works of the App.
        All the rights of the Company in the App are absolutely reserved.
The use of this App will require compatible devices, appropriate Internet access, as well required accompanying software
        (including its various updates). Depending on your default settings, and available resources for such requirements, the
        performance of your use of the App may be affected by these factors. You shall hold the Company harmless from any liability
        which may arise from any substandard performance of the App owing to the lack of your required settings and resources for
        the proper functioning of the App.
The Company reserves the right to choose and maintain which users may use its App, or how many users/devices may be
        associated with each Account registration of the App. The Company recommends that you use the most updated version
        of the App in order to achieve optimal performance and features. You hereby irrevocably agree that the task of updating
        your App, and procuring the appropriate device requirements for its proper functionoing is your sole responsibility,
        and therefore you hereby disclaim any liability on the part of the Company for any substandard performance of the App
        that is caused by any of these factors.
Use of Location-based Services
The Company, its advertisers,and its licensors, may provide particular features/ads/services through the App which may
        rely upon device-based location information. In order to be able to do this, the Company and its affiliates may collect,
        utilize, transmit, collate, and retain your location data, which may include, but is not particularly limited to the
        geographic location of your device, your geographic location as indicated by your operating system, and the services
        in your device which may transmit information that pertains your location. If you do not agree to give your consent
        for the App to get information regarding your location from varoius sources, then you are hereby advised to stop your
        usage of the app.
The App shall not be used in any way whatsoever as a substitute for situations where precise locational information is
        needed. While the Company endeavors to provide the best location based services for finding your friends, the Company
        disclaims any liability, and does not make any guarantees or warranties in terms of the accuracy, reliability, or
        timeliness of the location data which its services provides.
Availability Of The Service
The App service provided by the Company, or any feature or component thereof, may have geographical limitations for the
        scope of its services, and also depending on your particular location. Since this App was intended by the Company to
        function primarily in the UK, therefore, it may not be available for all languages or countries. Hence, the Company
        makes no representations or warranties regarding the immediate availability of the App for any situation, or for every
        user in every location, where ever the latter may be.
Code Of Conduct; Prohibited Activities
In using the App, you must behave in a civil and respectful manner at all times. Hence, by using this App, you promise not to:
Engage in the act of harassing or stalking of any individual;
Engage in the act of harmfully exploiting minors, or any act of harm;
Engage in any act of deceit, or impersonation of any person;
Engage in the collection of information of others;
Engage in any representation where you expressly or impliedly represent any statements from the Company, without
                the written permission of the latter;
Engage in any act of spamming, automation, datamining, or circumvention of the navigational structure or presentation
                of the App.ice or its contents;
Engage in the act of posting infringed content, copyrights, trademarks, proprietary information;
Engage in the intentional interference or disruption with the functioning and operation of the App, or with the
                site servers, networks which are connected to the services of the App;
Engage in the intentional dissemination of spam, viruses, or any harmful material, computer code, files or
                programs which may limit the App, hardware, or telecommunications;
Access To The App And Site
The Company does not guarantee that you will have access to the App at any given time. Some interruptions may occur on
        account of circumstances beyond our control, or because maintenance has to be carried out on our program. The Company
        hereby does not warrant, and makes no guarantees regarding the quality, performance, functionality, availability,
        accuracy, or performance of the App, and the Company reserves the right to modify, withdraw, amend any part of the
        service provided without any notice or liability to you.
You are absolutely accountable on your own to make arrangements for the proper functioning of the App, including the
        proper Internet and Mobile provider and fees, or any other charges which may be required for basic access. You shall
        hold the Company free from any liability regarding any impaired functionality that you may encounter as a result of
        poor connection, or incompatible devices, whether currently known or developed in the future.
Links
For your convenience, the Company may install links in its site or App for your easy reference. The Content which
        these links lead to is managed by third parties who are beyond the control of the Company. As such, you absolutely
        agree to hold the Company free from any liability against any danger or potential danger which you might incur by
        visiting the sites which are being linked to by such links.
Intellectual property
You hereby irrevocably agree not to violate and/or infringe the content and intellectual property of the Company on
        its App, which may include the text, pictures, images, and documents, as well as other copyrighted material. You shall
        not infringe, modify, or utilize such intellectual property for your own personal gain, or even the derivative
        versions of such intellectual property of the Company.
Liability
In any case, and by using the App, you hereby agree to hold the Company free from any form of liability which may arise
        from your usage this site/App, or on your reliance on its services or the content which may be found herein. In case
        of conflict between the statements found on the site/App and this document, these terms and conditions shall be
        controlling.
You also agree that The Company may restrict, limit in scope, prohibit, or suspend your usage of the App in its sole
        discretion, or for whatever reason as it sees fit.
Jurisdiction and Venue
Any dispute in the interpretation or enforcement of this agreement shall be exclusively governed, to the exclusion
        of all other jurisdictions, by the laws of Englang and Wales. Any delay in the enforcement by The Company of its
        rights in this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of its rights, within or without this agreement.
Privacy Policy
By using the Where Are You App and Website (“App”), you hereby irrevocably give your consent to be bound by
                this Privacy Policy of the App. This Privacy Policy is the governing document between The Company who owns
                the App (“Company”) and you as regards to any information which you may provide to the App and the Company,
                whether directly or indirectly. If you disagree in anyway with any of the provisions herein, you are hereby
                advised not to proceed with your usage of this App, until such time as you are agreeable with the terms of
                this Privacy Policy.
In order to use the App, you may be required to create an account. During the account creation process, you
                will be required to provide information which may include your email, name, profile photo or any other types
                of information which the Company, in its sole discretion, may require. You also consent to enable the Company
                to use your computer or mobile to provide information regarding your location.
Your usage of the App may lead you to directly or indirectly provide us information which you have given to
                third party social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, or any other site which you
                have linked to the App. You hereby disclaim any liability on the part of the App from the utilization of
                information about you which has been procured, whether directly or indirectly, from these social media sites.
You also hereby give the Company your consent to store and save your log data and location when you use the
                App. Your log data is consisted, but not limited to information regarding your browser, or the information
                sent by your device whenever you access the App. This may include the data from your servers consisting of
                your IP address, specific web pages or landing pages that you have visited, time logs of requests, analytics
                data and navigation patterns, and cookies.
For the full enjoyment of the App, you are encouraged to turn on your cookies. When using the App, you hereby
                immediately give your consent or permission for the Company to use your cookies. Cookies are files placed by
                your computer or mobile device for times when you visit the App, and this cookie is distinct for your account,
                or browser, or equivalent technologies for logging data.
Other data analytics which we may gather, and for improvement of our App services through the study of user
                information, may include the device that you are using, your operating system, the settings of your device,
                or other information such as your unique device identifiers.
Apart from this, we collect your information to foster the improvement and development of the App so that it
                can become more responsive to your needs. You expressly agree to give your consent for the Company to utilize
                your information to send you responsive ads and promotions.
You expressly agree that the Company and the App may utilize your information, specific demographics and
                marketing profile for transactions in relation to its third party affiliates and partners. We may also use
                the information for specific endeavors with regard to capabilities, functions, and development of the App.
Any change in this Privacy Policy may be made by the Company, free from any breach, and is immediately
                enforceable and binding upon you. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall notify you through the medium
                it sees fit to use for spreading the said amendments.
You hereby irrevocably and expressly hold the Company free from any liability which may arise from the usage
                of your Personal Information.
Deletion of User Data
There are no user accounts in the WhereAreYou app, therefore we don't store any data related to any user accounts.
As seen on...
Created with love in London by the awesome guys of
CBU Ventures
in London