Atmospheric G2 Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 1, 2021
Atmospheric G2, LLC (“
AG2
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) recognizes the importance of protecting your personal information and we are committed to processing it responsibly and protecting it in compliance with applicable data protection laws. This privacy policy (and as amended from time to time as posted on our website at www.atmosphericg2.com/dpa/datasecurity (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes the types of information we collect when you (referred to as “
you
” or “
your
”) visit or use our ag2.com website (“
Website
”), or use our services (“
Services
”) or that you may provide, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, disclosing, retaining, and transferring personal information (as defined herein). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the extent AG2 processes personal information on behalf of clients for their benefit and under their control, such as cloud Services or applications (“apps”). It may apply to collection of information related to authorized users of such services to the extent AG2 processes this information for its own interests.
Acknowledgement and Consent
By visiting our Website or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby consent that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or our Services. Your use of the Website and our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Service (available at
www.atmosphericg2.com/agreements/ssa
and as updated from time to time (the “
Terms
”)), which is incorporated by reference herein. Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
What Information Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information.
For this Privacy Policy “
Personal Information
” means any unencrypted or non-deidentified information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with a particular person such as, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc. The definition may be somewhat different under the law applicable to the person whose data is collected, and that applicable definition will apply to that person’s information. For example, if the Personal Information is that of a California resident, the definition is as defined under California’s CCPA law, discussed below. As a further example, if the Personal Information is that of a European citizen or resident, the definition of personal data is defined under GDPR, so, please see the section toward the end of this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information does not include your Personal Information that has been deidentified, pseudonymized, anonymized, aggregated, and/or otherwise processed so as to be unidentifiable in such a way that the data can no longer be attributed to a specific individual (by reasonable means) without the use of additional information, and where such additional information is kept separate and under adequate security to prevent unauthorized re-identification of a specific individual such that one could not, using reasonable efforts, link such information back to a specific individual (collectively, all of the foregoing in this sentence being referred to as “
De-Identified Personal Information
”).
We collect only the following types of PII:
Category
Specific Items of Personal Information
Identifiers
first and last name, user name (which may include first and last name), email address, postal address, unique personal identifier, e.g.: customer/account name or number, phone number
Internet or other electronic network activity
Internet Protocol (or IP) address, protocol, and sequence information;cookiesbrowser language and type;domain name system requests;material and pages viewed;time and date of access to the Services;number of bytes transferred;number of clicks per visit;operating system and platform, device type and device identifiers;MAC address, device ID / UDID, or similar device-specific code
Geolocation
N/A
Individuals under the Age of 18
We do not knowingly collect, solicit or maintain Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for our Services. If you are under 18, please do not send any Personal Information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address) to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information from our database. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We are constantly working to improve our Website and Services, and we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. Our current Privacy Policy will always be on our Website and any updates will be effective upon posting. You are responsible for periodically checking our Website for updates. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify registered users of changes or updates to this Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of the Website or by sending an email but you should not rely on receiving such additional notice.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Website, purchase products, or use our Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to the new Privacy Policy, including all of the changes. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
How We Collect Personal Information and from What Sources
Information You Provide Us
. The Personal Information we collect through our Website, or from our distributors, resellers, representatives, business partners, or service providers may be obtained as part of the following:
Information that you provide by filling in webforms on our Website. This includes information provided when creating an online account, purchasing our Products or Services, subscribing to our e-newsletters or other communications, requesting information from us, submitting or posting material (where permitted) on our forums, or interacting with customer support or service, report a problem with our Website, Products, or Services, or otherwise communicating with us.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us
Registering for an event
When communicating with customer service/support
On mobile applications (parent, subsidiary and affiliate brands)
Responding to employment opportunities
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including the following.
Details of your visits to our Website, including, but not limited to, traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website. We also collect information about your activities during your visit in order to personalize your website experience, such as recording your preferences and settings, and to collect statistics to help us improve and further develop our websites, products and services.
Information about your computer, mobile device, and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, browser type, clickstream patterns, the URL of the most recent website you visited before coming to our Website, the amount of time you spent on our Website, and the pages you viewed while on our Website.
Behavioral Tracking
We do not allow personalized third-party behavioral tracking, though we may use De-Identified Personal Information to track users’ click or browsing patterns.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include Personal Information, and we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver better and more personalized Products and Services, including, but not limited to, by enabling us to: estimate our audience/visitor size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize and improve our Website, speed up your searches, and/or, recognize you when you return to our Website.
Cookie Notice/Policy
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies, local storage cookies, web beacons, pixel tracking, GIF and/or IP address. Each of these is discussed below.
Cookies (or browser cookies)
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. It may contain certain data, including, but not limited to: the name of the server that has placed it there, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and, an expiration date (some cookies only). Cookies are managed by the web browser on your computer or mobile device (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari or Google Chrome).
Different types of cookies which have different purposes are used on our Website.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to allow you to browse our Website and use its functions. Without them, services such as shopping baskets and electronic invoicing would not be able to work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information on the use of our Website, such as which pages are consulted most often. This information enables us to optimize our Website and simplify browsing. Performance cookies also enable our affiliates and partners to find out whether you have accessed one of our Website pages from their site and whether your visit has led to the use or purchase of a Product or Service from our Website, including the references for the Product or Service purchased. These cookies do not collect any information which could be used to identify you. All the information collected is aggregated, and therefore anonymous.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable our Website to remember the choices you have made when browsing. For example, we can store your geographical location in a cookie so that the Website corresponding to your area is shown. We can also remember your preferences, such as the text size, font and other customizable aspects of the Website. Functionality cookies may also be able to keep track of the products or videos consulted to avoid repetition. The information collected by these cookies cannot be used to identify you and cannot monitor your browsing activity on sites which do not belong to us.
It is possible that you will come across third-party cookies on some pages of sites that are not under our control.
We also use cookies to implement tracking technology on our Website and Mobile App. This allows us to display advertising that is tailored to you on our Website, to understand which parts of our content interest you the most, and which Product or Service categories you request. This tracking uses De-Identified Personal Information data). We will not combine this data with your other Personal Information without your express permission. Some of our service providers are allowed to place cookies on our Website. Those companies may also provide you with the option of preventing the use of cookies in the future. For more information, contact the relevant third-party provider.
At any time, you can prevent the use of cookies in the future. However, if you do, your experience on our Website may be affected; e.g., you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Local Storage Cookies
. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Adobe Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Local storage cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons
. Pages of our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Pixel Tracking
. In addition to using Cookies, the Website may employ “pixel tracking”, a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites. Pixel tracking involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user and consist of a few lines of computer code. Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics. A “pixel tag” is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites that is used to track an individual user’s activity. We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our products, services, and offers with your interests and needs. For example, if you visit our Website from an advertisement on another website, the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that its advertisement brought you to the Website. If you visit our Website, and we link you to another website, we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third-party website. This data is collected for use in our marketing, research, and other activities.
GIF
. We may use tiny images known as clear GIFs to track behavior of users, including statistics on who opens our emails.
IP Address
. Our servers (or those of our service providers) automatically record certain log file information reported from your browser when you access the Website. These server logs may include information such as which pages of the Website you visited, your internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, and other information on how you interact with the Website. These log files are generally deleted periodically.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, for one or more of the following purposes:
Choose One for Each Row
Uses of Personal Information
Keep
Delete
To present our Website and Mobile App and its contents to you.
☒
☐
To provide you with information and respond to your questions on Products or Services that you request from us and information on new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events, and features or offers that we believe will be of interest to you.
☒
☐
To provide you with the Products, Services, or information that you have requested.
☒
☐
To process transaction payments, including, but not limited to, product and/or service fees, subscription fees, registration fees, and payments, refunds and reimbursements for any products or services that you choose to purchase from us (though we do not receive your credit or debit card number).
☒
☐
To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
☒
☐
To notify you about information regarding or changes to our Website, our policies, terms, or any Products or Services we offer or provide, or regarding your account.
☒
☐
To process your account application and any changes to your account information.
☒
☐
To process Personal Information or other information that you submit through to us.
☒
☐
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
☒
☐
To contact you about our own and third-parties’ products and services that may be of interest to you.
☒
☐
To provide access to restricted parts of our Website, e.g., areas accessible if you have a user account.
☒
☐
To enhance and improve our products and Services, for example, by performing internal research, analyzing user trends, or measuring demographics and interests.
☒
☐
For internal purposes, such as Website and system administration or internal audits and reviews.
☒
☐
For analyzing how the Services are used, diagnosing Service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing content.
☒
☐
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Services.
☒
☐
To provide statistics about the usage levels of the Website and other related information to our service providers.
☒
☐
To notify you of data privacy incidents or provide you with legally required information.
☒
☐
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide Personal Information.
☒
☐
In any other way we may describe and for which we obtain your consent when you provide the information and you give your consent.
☒
☐
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; and, (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may or do disclose your Personal Information, in whole or in part, to the following types of third parties, and for one or more the following purposes:
Who We May Disclose Personal Information to and for What Purpose
Keep
Delete
Technology providers who assist in the development and management of our Website or our Mobile App
☐
☒
Identity management providers for authentication purposes
☒
☐
Legal and compliance consultants, such as external counsel, external auditors, or tax consultants
☐
☒
Payment solution providers for the secure processing of payments you provide to us
☒
☐
Disclosures to Service Providers: We may share your Personal Information with third parties for the purpose of providing or improving the Services to you. We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers which perform services on our behalf (“
Service Providers
”). This includes, without limitation, Service Providers which provide services relating to: outbound and/or inbound communications, data analysis, credit checks, screening checks, collection services, marketing assistance, managing customer information, creating, hosting, and/or providing customer or support services on our behalf, fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links).. These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Information in order to provide these services to us or on our behalf. If we engage Service Providers for any of the foregoing, use of your Personal Information will be bound by obligations of confidentiality and their use of Personal Information will be restricted to providing their services to us. We may store Personal Information in locations outside our direct control (for instance, on servers or databases located or co-located with hosting Service Providers).
Required Disclosures: Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party unless required to do so by law, court order, legal process, or subpoena, including, but not limited to, in order to respond to any government, regulatory, or licensing request, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, subsidiaries, contracted vendors, or affinity partners, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) enforce our Terms or customer agreement (including for billing and collection purposes); (c) take precautions against liability; (d) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (e) assist government enforcement agencies or to meet national security requirements; (f) to protect the security or integrity of our Website, our Products, Services, or any software we provide related thereto; or, (g) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our users or others.
We will attempt to notify you about these requests unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon us, our users, our Website, or our Services. In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact if we determine in good faith that we are no longer legally prohibited from doing so and that no risk scenarios described in this paragraph apply.
It is likely that the identity and categories of such third parties will change during the life of your account. We require that our third-party service providers only use your Personal Information as necessary to provide the requested services to us and each service provider is subject to a set of terms consistent with the applicable portions of this Privacy Policy.
SALE/DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
No Sale of Personal Information. We do not disclose or share your Personal Information with any third parties for which we receive any monetary or other valuable consideration.
In other words, we do not sell your Personal Information, period.
Your Consent to Disclosure/Transfer/Sale of Your Personal Information: You consent to our disclosure of your Personal Information, De-Identified Personal Information, and other information you provide to us (“
Transferred Information
”) to a potential or actual buyer or acquirer of our company or other successor for the purpose of considering a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, change in control, or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (each of the foregoing referred to as a “
Transfer
”), whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or other court proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred. You agree to and do hereby consent to (and shall not object to) our assignment, conveyance, transfer, and/or license (whether by contract, merger or operation of law) as part of a Transfer, of any or all of our rights, in whole or in part, in or to Transferred Information and your consents, with or without notice to you and without your further consent. We cannot make any representations regarding the use or transfer of Transferred Information that we may have in the c of our bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors. By providing any Personal Information, you expressly agree and consent to the use and/or transfer of Transferred Information or other information in connection with a Transfer. Furthermore, except as required by law, we are not and will not be responsible for any breach of security by any third parties or for any actions of any third parties that receive any of the Transferred Information that is disclosed to us.
Data Transfer/Access Outside of the United States
We have our headquarters in the United States. The Personal Information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your Personal Information to, or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it. If you are located in the UK, European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), or Switzerland, we provide protection for the transfer of Personal Information to countries outside of the UK, EEA, or Switzerland through intercompany agreements based on the Standard Contractual Clauses. We may also need to transfer your information to other group companies or service providers in countries outside the EEA. This may happen if our servers or suppliers and service providers are based outside the UK, EEA, or Switzerland, or if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside this area.
If you are a resident of a country other than the United States, you acknowledge and consent to our collecting, transmitting, processing, transferring, and storing your Personal Information out of the country in which you reside.
Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Your Personal Information is contained behind secured networks and a firewall and is only accessible by our personnel and by a limited number of Service Providers who have special access rights to our systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential. Our Website, software, and Mobile App software are scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our Website, software, and Mobile App safe.
Any payment transactions will be performed using our third party payment processors or gateways, who will use appropriate security procedures designed to protect your information. We do not collect or store full credit card numbers.
Our agents, contractors, service providers, and partners who require access to your Personal Information in order to provide services to us or to you on our behalf are also required to keep the information confidential in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and are not permitted to disclose the information to third parties or use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us, or as permitted pursuant to our agreement with them.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. You should maintain good internet security practices. Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Website or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should not share your password with anyone. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. If your email account or Facebook account is compromised this could allow access to your account with us if you have given up those details and/or permitted access through those accounts. If your email account is compromised it could be used to ask us to reset a password and gain access to your account with us. If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us, and in particular make sure any compromised account does not allow access to your account with us. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by other users. We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information. If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
The safety and security of platform login information also depends on you. Subscriber is responsible for keeping confidential all login credentials to our Website, platform or systems (“
System
”) to which Subscriber is provided access. Subscriber agrees to not disclose any such login credentials with any third party. Subscriber shall have its users authorized to access such System limit access to its computers, devices, and browsers by signing off after an authorized user has finished accessing your account. If Subscriber becomes aware of any potential compromise of a user’s login credentials, Subscriber shall immediately change the relevant password. Subscriber shall promptly deauthorize any of Subscriber’s users for whom access to the System is no longer authorized. Subscriber does hereby release and forever discharge us and our affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, officers, directors, employees, successors and assigns and contractors (collectively, “
Company’s
Group
”), and Subscriber will indemnify, defend and hold Company’s Group harmless, from any and all past, current, and future liability, claims, demands, damages, losses, fines, penalties, assessments, private rights of action, or other actions, of whatever kind of nature, either in law or equity, as well as costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and costs), which arise from any failure of Subscriber or its service providers to maintain the security of Subscriber’s email or other accounts which results in unauthorized access by a third party to such account and the transfer of funds by us in reliance of instructions purporting to originate from Subscriber.
The safety and security of platform login information also depends on you. You are responsible for keeping confidential all login credentials to our Website to which you are provided access. You agree to not disclose any such login credentials with any third party. If you become aware of any potential compromise of your login credentials, you must immediately change the relevant password. You agree to and do hereby release and forever discharge us and our affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, officers, directors, employees, successors and assigns and contractors (collectively, “
Company’s
Group
”), and you will indemnify, defend and hold Company’s Group harmless, from any and all past, current, and future liability, claims, demands, damages, losses, fines, penalties, assessments, private rights of action, or other actions, of whatever kind of nature, either in law or equity, as well as costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and costs), which arise from any failure of you to maintain the security of your email or other accounts which results in unauthorized access by a third party to such account and the transfer of funds by us in reliance of instructions purporting to originate from you.
Data Retention
The time periods for which we retain your Personal Information depend on the purposes for which we use it. We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active, or as long as you are a registered account holder or user of our Services or for as long as we have another business purpose to do so (such as, but not limited to, for business, tax, or legal purposes) and, thereafter, for no longer than is required or permitted by law, or our records retention policy, reasonably necessary for internal reporting and reconciliation purposes, or to provide you with feedback or information you might request. This period of retention is subject to our review and alteration.
Following termination or deactivation of your user account, we may retain your profile information and all information posted to public areas of the Website. Following termination or deactivation of your user account, we may retain your Personal Information and other data, but will maintain it as confidential according to the Terms, this Privacy Policy, and as required by applicable law. We have the right to delete all of your Personal Information and other data after termination of your user account without notice to you.
We may retain De-Identified Personal Information for as long as we deem appropriate.
We retain your information after you request such deletion for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent that we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and/or as necessary to protect our legal rights or for certain business requirements. For example, if we process your payments, we will retain this data for longer periods of time as required for legal, regulatory, tax, or accounting purposes. Additional examples of specific reasons we would retain some data for longer periods of time include:
Our contractual and business relationships with you.
Security, fraud and abuse prevention – i.e., to protect you, other people, and us from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized access.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us we are often required to retain this information for long period of time for purposes of accounting, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements – to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, as required to enforce our terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.
Direct communications with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or a bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our Service Providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time. We may retain De-Identified Personal Information for as long as we deem appropriate.
What Information You Can Access, Change, or Delete
Through your user account settings page, you may access and, in some cases, edit, or delete certain information you have provided to us, such as name and password, email address, address, user profile information, etc. The information that you can view, update, and delete may change as the Products, Website, Services or our practices change. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us.
Notices; Opting Out
By providing us with your email address (including by “following,” “liking,” linking your account to our Website or Service or other services, etc., on a third party website or network), you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices by email, including any notices required by law (e.g., notice of data privacy or security incidents), in lieu of communication by postal mail. You also agree that we may send you notifications of activity regarding the Service, the Website, the Mobile App, your Personal Information, or any aspect of our relationship, to the email address you give us, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings. We may use your email address to send you other messages or content, such as, but not limited to, newsletters, additions or changes to features of the Service, or special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by emailing us your opt-out request. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, special features, announcements, or offers. You may not opt out of Service-related emails.
You can add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by emailing us. It is your responsibility to maintain your current email address with us.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us: by email at
privacy@atmosphericg2.com
; by phone at
+1 (603) 421-6922
.
GDPR: The Follow Provisions Apply Only to Citizens and Residents of the United Kingdom, EEA, and Switzerland
The following provisions apply only if you are a citizen or resident of the UK, EEA, or Switzerland. For such citizens or residents, all processing of your Personal Information is performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations, in particular, (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), and our processing will take place in accordance with the GDPR. For purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “data controller” of Personal Information (referred to and defined in the GDPR (available
here
) as “Personal Data”) we collect through the Website, unless we collect such information on behalf of a “data controller” in which case we will be a “data processor.” This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites, applications or services that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or that display or link to a different privacy policy. For UK, EEA, and Switzerland residents and citizens only, to the extent any definition in this Privacy Policy conflicts with a definition under the GDPR, the GDPR definition shall control.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (UK, EEA, and Swiss Visitors Only)
If you are a visitor using our Website from the UK, EEA or Switzerland, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we need the Personal Data to perform Services for you for which you have contracted with us, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests or rely upon your consent where we are legally required to do so and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Collection and processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests: Art. 6 (1)f GDPR
The collection and processing of your personal information may be necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests. Such legitimate interest purposes may include:
fraud prevention
ensuring network and information security
indicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security, including enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind, and enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of our Terms of Use
when we are complying with legal obligations
processing employee or visitor, member, attendee, or registrant data
performing the function or service you requested of us
providing our services and their functionality to you where such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by our service providers related to the services
direct marketing
the relevant and appropriate relationship we have with you
analytics, e.g., assess the number of visitors, page views, use of the Site, etc., in order to understand how our Site and services are being used, to optimize the Site and/or future communications, and to develop new services and Site features
updating your information and preferences
offering and improving our services
enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Use
Your Data Rights Under GDPR
If you are subject to GDPR, your rights include the following:
The right to access
– Upon request, we will confirm any processing of your Personal Information and, and provide you with a copy of that Personal Information in an acceptable machine-readable format.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to have us correct any inaccurate Personal Information or to have us complete any incomplete Personal Information.
The right to erasure
– You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Information and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion).
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to ask us to suppress the processing of your Personal Information but we may still store your Personal Information. See below for more information.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to your Personal Information used in the following manners: (a) processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (b) direct marketing (including profiling); and, (c) processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics. See below for more information.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to obtain your Personal Information from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform fulfillment of member benefits with you. We will give you your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority
– You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European member state of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of Personal Information relating to you infringes upon your rights.
The right to withdraw consent
– If we are processing your Personal Information based on your consent to do so, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://atmosphericg2.com/dataprivacy/privacy@atmosphericg2.com:
We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
Skip to content
It looks like the link pointing here was faulty. Maybe try searching?
Search for:
Search
Scroll to Top