PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated Date: September 25, 2018
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU AND YOUR PRIVACY
At DylogicApps, your privacy is a top priority. We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly. We only collect and retain as much information as is absolutely necessary for us to provide you with our service.
We do not compromise with your privacy. We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data.
We have a team dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
INTRODUCTION
This policy discloses the privacy practices of Weather Mate properties (referred to as “we,” “us,” “our,” “Weather Mate”). These include the website https://www.weathermate.net, and the Weather Mate mobile application (collectively, “the Services”). This privacy policy describes how Weather Mate collects, uses, shares, and secures the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use, access and correction of your personal information.
Weather Mate’s Privacy Policy, below, describes the types of personal data Weather Mate collects, the types of third parties to which it discloses personal data, and the purposes for which it does so. Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) have the right to access the personal information that Weather Mate maintains, and in some cases, may have the right to correct or amend information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, to the extent allowed by law. To exercise this right, contact us at privacy@weathermate.net.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
It goes without saying, we can’t help you have an awesome user experience without some information about you, such as your geolocation data. We also collect information generated as you use our services, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through your Facebook account in Weather Mate. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it.
Information you give us:
– Geolocation information. The GPS coordinates of Your device. Enabling or disabling “Location Services” controls whether the device sends GPS coordinates or not. We collect location information to provide you location-based services (such as severe weather alerts and other weather information through our mobile applications), provide advertisements that are relevant to your geographic location, and conduct analytics to improve the Services.
– Internet Protocol (IP) Address. An IP Address is a number automatically assigned by Your Internet Service Provider (ISP). The IP address is the host computer a device uses to connect to the ISP’s network to send information to Us or to our Providers and for a device to receive information back from Us or from our Providers.
– Advertising ID (AAID) or ID for Advertising (IDFA). These are combinations of letters and numbers that are unique to the device You are using. However, these identifiers may not be permanent. You can reset them through the settings of Your device.
– Usage Information. We collect information about your activity in our app, for instance how you use it (e.g., date and time you used the app, time spent in the app, features you’ve been using etc.)
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION?
It is important for us to know our users. The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to communicate with you. Weather Mate uses the information it collects to:
– Provide you with hyper-local current weather conditions & forecast for your location
– Provide you weather alerts at the location(s) you provide us
– Provide you a more accurate service
– Provide you a user-friendly and engaging service with content we believe will be most relevant to you
-Deliver to you targeted or contextual advertising we and our advertising providers believe will be most relevant to You
– Analyze the traffic and usage patterns on Weather Mate
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Since our goal is to provide the best services we can to you, the main sharing of users’ information is with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services, and in some cases, legal authorities. Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others.
We use your non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are such as device information) for targeted online marketing through tools like Facebook Custom Audience. We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner.
We share your information with partner companies to: Assist us in technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, finance, and accounting assistance, securing our data and systems and fighting against spam, abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings, and for legitimate business purposes such as corporate audit, analysis and consolidated reporting as well as compliance with applicable laws.
When required by law we may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights we may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information and be aware of your privacy rights, so here are a few key points:
Depending on your location you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right “to be forgotten” (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider)
Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your information, please write to us at privacy@weathermate.net and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have a question related to this Privacy Statement, please contact us at privacy@weathermate.net.