Privacy Notice
What does this notice cover?
This notice describes how ALK-Abello Limited (also referred to as “ALK”, “we” or “us”) will make use of your data when you use our website, app, use our products (such as Jext
®
), resources or services, and report an adverse effect to us or send a query either over our website, by email or by phone.
It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which ALK carries out.  More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in the “What rights do I have?” section.
What information do we collect?
If you are a patient, just visiting the website or ordering our free resources, we collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our website. This includes:
contact details, such as name, address, phone number and email address;
location data when you use our app; and
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website or app.
If you are reporting an adverse reaction via our website, over the phone or by email we collect and process personal data about you. This includes:
contact details, such as name, address, phone number and email address; and
information about your adverse effect or query.
If you are a healthcare professional, when you interact with us and our website and when you purchase Jext
®
-related goods and services from us.  This includes:
contact details, such as name, email address, role;
contract relevant identifiers, such as GMC/NMC/RPS numbers;
your delivery details, including delivery addresses , where you order free resources from us;
patient data, including allergies and allergic reactions;
information on any adverse effects;
including any consents you have given us;
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website or app;
location data on our app;
business emails and correspondence;
IT security and administration data (we also use cookies – when visiting our website you will be provided with appropriate notice about their use).
How do we use this information, and what is the legal basis for this use?
If you are a patient or just visiting the website or using the app, we process this personal data for the following purposes:
As required by ALK to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
we will use your information to provide products and services you have requested, and respond to any comments or complaints you may send us;
we monitor use of our websites and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline;
we use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services; and
we will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
Where you give us consent:
we place cookies and use similar technologies in accordance with the below and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
we will register you for the expiry alert service, but you can opt-out of this at any time by clicking
[here]
;
we will use your location data on the app to help you in an emergency; and
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes which are required by law:
where we need parental consent to provide online services to children under 13; and
in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
If you are a patient or just visiting the website or using the app, we process this personal data for the following purposes:
As required by ALK to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
to respond to any comments or complaints you may send us;
we monitor use of our websites and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline;
we use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
we record your details and relevant information where you report adverse effects to us for compliance purposes; and
we will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation)
For purposes which are required by law:
Reporting to regulatory bodies and as part of drug safety surveillance.
If you are a patient or just visiting the website or using the app, we process this personal data for the following purposes:
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract. For example, this is relevant where you place an order with us. This includes:
verifying your identity;
communicating with you; and
providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of resources, products or services.
As required by ALK to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
we will use your information to provide resources, products and services you have requested, and respond to any comments or complaints you may send us;
provide training,
we monitor use of our websites and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline;
we use information you provide to personalise our website, products or services for you;
we use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services; and
we will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
Where you give us consent:
we place cookies and use similar technologies in accordance with the below and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
we will register you for the expiry alert service, but you can opt out of this at any time by clicking
[here]
;
we will use your location data on the app to help you in an emergency; and
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes which are required by law:
where we need parental consent to provide online services to children under 13; and
in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
Wherever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your data for other purposes, such as those set out above.
If you have subscribed to the expiry alert service, you can cancel this at any time via the ‘Expiry Alert Cancellation’
link
at the footer of this page or by contacting us using the details set out below.
If you are a healthcare professional and we send you direct marketing, you have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication where this is an electronic message, or by contacting us using the details set out below.
Who will we share this data with, where and when?
Personal data may be shared with legal advisors, health authorities, auditors, government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
Personal data will also be shared with third party service providers, who will process it on behalf of ALK for the purposes identified above. In particular, we use third party providers for delivering requested resources and providing materials, website hosting and maintenance, app development and management, and server management and hosting.
In the event that the business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
If information is transferred outside the United Kingdom, and where this is to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision under the United Kingdom adequacy regulations, data is adequately protected by UK Information Commissioner approved standard contractual clauses or a vendor’s Processor Binding Corporate Rules.  A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review on request to our DPO (contact details below).
What rights do I have?
You have the right to
ask us for a copy
of your personal data; to
correct, delete
or
restrict
(stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to
obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format,
and to ask us to
share (port) this data to another controller.
In addition, you can
object to the processing
of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
These
rights may be limited
, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. Relevant exemptions are included in both the GDPR and in the Data Protection Act 2018. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
To exercise any of these rights, or to obtain other information, such as a copy of a legitimate interests balancing test, you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the
right to complain
to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred. This is likely to be the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
Information about our use of cookies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes a pseudonymous unique identifier. Cookies are created when your browser loads a particular website. The website sends information to the browser which then creates a text file. Every time the user goes back to the same website, the browser retrieves and sends this file to the website’s server. Find out more about the use of cookies on
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
We also use other forms of technology which serve a similar purpose to cookies and which allow us to monitor and improve our website. When we talk about cookies, this term includes these similar technologies.
What cookies do we use and what information do they collect?
Required cookies:
these cookies are required to enable core functionality. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like identifying you while you are logged in, cannot be provided. If you disable these cookies certain parts of the website will not function for you.
Cookies:
these cookies help us improve or optimise the experience we provide. They allow us to measure how visitors interact with our website and we use this information to improve the user experience and performance of our platforms. These cookies are used to collect technical information such as the number of pages visited, which parts of our website are clicked on and the length of time between clicks. For example, we use Google Analytics to better understand how customers use the Site. If you don’t want Google Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install this Google add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en_GB.
Advertising cookies:
we use these cookies to collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.  We may share this information with other parties who help manage online advertising – please see the “Third Parties” section below for more details
Third parties
Your use of the website may result in some cookies being stored that are not controlled by us. This may occur when the part of the website you are visiting includes content displayed from a third party website. You should review the privacy and cookie policies of these services to find out how these third parties use cookies and whether your cookie data will be transferred to a third country. A list of the third parties who place cookies on our website can be found.
How do you manage these technologies?
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your device, please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
We keep information collected from cookies for a maximum of 2 years.
How do I get in touch with you or your data protection officer?
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your data. If you have any concerns about how we process your data you can get in touch. You can also get in touch with ALK’s data protection officer at
dpo.alk@bechbruun.com
or by writing to Bech-Bruun Advokatpartnerselskab, CVR nr.: 3853 80712, Langelinie Allé 35, 2100 København Ø, Denmark.
How long will you retain my data?
We will retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the processing purpose.
Updates to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information.
January 2025
IE-JXT-2400019