STICKME NOTES PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: 9 November 2021
This Privacy Policy explains specifically what information including personal information StickMe Notes collects from the End Users (“you”) through the StickMe Notes application, which we refer to as “the Service” and how we use that information. The Service includes the StickMe Notes Software.
Although significant changes are rare, this policy may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time. We’ll notify you if we make a significant change, and where required, seek your consent.
What information does StickMe Notes collect?
We built StickMe Notes to help you get things done and to remember and organize your ideas and thoughts. You can input in StickMe Notes any text, images, audio files and other data that you choose—we refer to that information as “Content”.
While we do not collect the ‘Content’ input by you in the application, it is stored locally in your device and your iCloud. Using third party service providers, we do collect the following usage data and certain device information -
User Properties -
General user properties such as age, gender, demographics, interests etc.
Usage data -
We collect and log data on how you use StickMe Notes, for example, crash reports, the act of creating a note or sharing a note.
IP address -
We collect the IP address you use and country based on IP address.
Device information -
When you use the StickMe Notes application, we collect your device type and device ID, OS version, device model and device brand.
The collected data is used to compile reports that disclose application usage trends without identifying individual users. We collect this information to help us understand how you use the Service so we can make it better.
We use third party service providers such as Crashlytics, Google Analytics for Firebase, Firebase Cloud Messaging and Firebase Performance to monitor and analyse the usage data to help us understand how users engage with the application. All of these service providers are owned by Google and have their own privacy policy addressing how they use the collected data. In the course of performing certain services, these service providers have access to your information. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral advertising (for example, Apple iOS’ Advertising ID). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.
Contact by e-mail or contact form
When you contact us by e-mail or through a contact form, we will store the data you provide (your e-mail address and possibly your name) so we can answer your questions. This information serves to substantiate your inquiry and improve the handling of your request. Information collected will solely be used to provide you with support relating to your complaint and to better understand your feedback. We shall also use these communication channels (such as your e-mail address), where appropriate, to respond to your query. You may of course revoke this consent for the future at any time. We delete the data that arises in this context after saving is no longer required.
How does StickMe Notes use my information?
Would someone at StickMe Notes ever view my Content?
You have control over who sees your Content. We do not have access to your content and hence no one at StickMe Notes can view it.
What happens if I want to stop using StickMe Notes?
As described above, you can delete your Content at any time, and you can stop using the application at any time. We do not store any user content.
What does StickMe Notes do with my information?
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your information. We use the information we collect and receive to provide, maintain, and improve the Service; to provide troubleshooting and customer support; to protect the Service for all our users.
To test and improve our product offerings for our users, we use aggregated data that does not contain any personal information, does not identify any person, and cannot be connected to any specific user.
Data Retention policy
We do not collect any content stored by you in StickMe Notes. The data is available exclusively to you, stored in your local device or iCloud, if you choose the option. Without identifying individual users or accessing their content, we use third party service providers such as Crashlytics, Google Analytics for Firebase, Firebase Cloud Messaging and Firebase Performance to monitor and analyse the usage data to help us understand how users engage with the application. All of these service providers are owned by Google and have their own data retention policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for this third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
How does StickMe Notes share or disclose my information?
StickMe Notes is not in the business of selling or renting your information. We share your non-identifiable data with Service Providers who process it on our behalf.
We require these providers to agree to strict data protection requirements in keeping with our privacy policy standards, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and our commitments under our EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield certifications as discussed below. We do not share your information with any third parties for their own advertising purposes.
How do I contact StickMe Notes?
In case of any questions, suggestions or information required you can contact us at
support@epiphanylabs.in.