ABOUT US
Introduction
Philosophy
Lineage
Management Team
Corporate Governance
NJ TECHNOLOGIES
NJ Advantages
Past Projects
Clientele
Testimonial
SOLUTIONS
Infrastructure Setup
Database Management
Customised Application
Software Quality Assurance
Information Security
Smart eMailing
PRODUCTS
RIA Platform
MF Back Office
eVAULT
Portfolio Vista
CAREERS
CONTACT US
Request Demo
Finlogic Technologies (India) Private Limited ("FTIPL") is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers/users/service hirers and to keeping the personal and financial information secure. We herewith disclose our privacy practices and encourage you to read our privacy statements to understand our policy.
Information collected by FTIPL and how it is used
www.njtechnologies.in does not collect personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. FTIPL may make use your personally identifiable information to operate the sites and services and to inform you of new features, services, and products from FTIPL and its affiliates. At any time you may also stop the delivery of informational or promotional mail from FTIPL by following the instructions on the mail.
FTIPL has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the customer information and its transmission through the World Wide Web / internet. However, FTIPL or any of its associates/employees/customers cannot be held liable for disclosure of the confidential information when in accordance with this Privacy Commitment or in terms of the agreements. In the course of using this Website or availing the products and services through the online application forms, inquiries, feed-backs, subscriptions, and questionnaires, FTIPL and its Affiliates may become privy to the personal information of its customers, including information that is of a confidential nature.
FTIPL may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the site or its owners; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of the site-owners, the site or the users of FTIPL and (iii) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users FTIPL the site, its owners, or the public.
Other Websites:
This site and its associate/group sites contain links to other Websites. FTIPL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
Notify Us:
If at any time you believe that FTIPL or its users/members have not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at technology@njgroup.in and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.
Copyright ©
2025 Finlogic Technologies India Private Limited. All Rights Reserved.