This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More
OK
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.
1. LICENSE
By receiving, opening the file package, and/or using Marine Navigation (“Software”) containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement(EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Unless you have a different license agreement signed by Marine Navigation your use of Marine Navigation indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Marine Navigation grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Marine Navigation in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement with Marine Navigation. Marine Navigation does not transfer the title of Marine Navigation to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement between Marine Navigation and the purchasers or users of Marine Navigation .
If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Marine Navigation from your computer now and, if applicable, promptly return to Marine Navigation by mail any copies of Marine Navigation and related documentation and packaging in your possession.
2. DISTRIBUTION
Marine Navigation and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For information about redistribution of Marine Navigation contact Marine Navigation.
3. USER AGREEMENT
3.1 Use
Your license to use Marine Navigation is limited to the number of licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to use, copy or evaluate copies of Marine Navigation .
3.2 Use Restrictions
You shall use Marine Navigation in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, use, display or distribution of Marine Navigation together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred, discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion, ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly prohibited.
Each licensed copy of Marine Navigation may be used on one single computer location by one user. Use of Marine Navigation means that you have loaded, installed, or run Marine Navigation on a computer or similar device. If you install Marine Navigation onto a multi-user platform, server or network, each and every individual user of Marine Navigation must be licensed separately.
You may make one copy of Marine Navigation for backup purposes, providing you only have one copy installed on one computer being used by one person. Other users may not use your copy of Marine Navigation . The assignment, sublicense, networking, sale, or distribution of copies of Marine Navigation are strictly forbidden without the prior written consent of Marine Navigation. It is a violation of this agreement to assign, sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer the use of Marine Navigation . If any person other than yourself uses Marine Navigation registered in your name, regardless of whether it is at the same time or different times, then this agreement is being violated and you are responsible for that violation!
3.3 Copyright Restriction
This Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary material. You shall not, and shall not attempt to, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile Marine Navigation . Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from Marine Navigation in whole or in part.
Marine Navigation’s name, logo and graphics file that represents Marine Navigation shall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Marine Navigation . Marine Navigation retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Marine Navigation and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.
Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Marine Navigation , products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved for Marine Navigation.
3.4 Limitation of Responsibility
You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Marine Navigation , its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your use of Marine Navigation’s Software.
In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will Marine Navigation , its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Marine Navigation or the use or inability to use Marine Navigation or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.
Marine Navigation’s entire liability, without exception, is limited to the customers’ reimbursement of the purchase price of the Software (maximum being the lesser of the amount paid by you and the suggested retail price as listed by Marine Navigation ) in exchange for the return of the product, all copies, registration papers and manuals, and all materials that constitute a transfer of license from the customer back to Marine Navigation.
3.5 Warranties
Except as expressly stated in writing, Marine Navigation makes no representation or warranties in respect of this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties, expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality or fitness for a particular purpose.
3.6 Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the Italy applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Italy therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.
3.7 Termination
Any failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will result in automatic and immediate termination of this license. Upon termination of this license granted herein for any reason, you agree to immediately cease use of Marine Navigation and destroy all copies of Marine Navigation supplied under this Agreement. The financial obligations incurred by you shall survive the expiration or termination of this license.
4 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
a) Neither Marine Navigation nor its suppliers shall be liable to you or to any third party for any damages either direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise (including in each case, but not limited to, damages for the inability to use the equipment or access data, loss of data, loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption or the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the Software even if Marine Navigation has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
b) Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all damages referenced herein and all direct or general damages in contract or anything else), the entire liability of Marine Navigation and any of its suppliers shall be limited to the amount actually paid by you for the Software.
c) Marine Navigation shall not be liable for any fraud on the part of its employees and/or agents; or  any fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of its employees and/or agents.
d) Notwithstanding the above, neither party’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from its own negligence shall be limited.
5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THIS DISCLAIMER CONCERNS ALL FILES GENERATED AND EDITED BY MARINE NAVIGATION AS WELL.
6 PRIVACY POLICY
You agree that Marine Navigation may collect and use information gathered in any manner as part of the product support services provided to you, if any, related to Marine Navigation .Marine Navigation may also use this information to provide notices to you which may be of use or interest to you.
6.1 Our Principles
Marine Navigation is all about where you are and getting to where you want to be. We help you achieve more. So we can help you, sometimes we’ll need to know some things about you. While we collect and use your data, we fully understand that you value your privacy.
We believe privacy is about freedom and being able to decide for yourself how your data is used and by whom. This is why we have established our Privacy Principles:
1. We will always keep you fully informed about your data:
we make sure you understand which data from or about you we use, why we use it, how long we use it and who can use it.
2. We enable you to remain in control of your data:
we consider the data from or about you to be yours. We only use it for the purposes for which you have given it to us, or for which we collected it from you. At any time you can opt-out or opt-in using our software and websites.
3. We protect your data:
your data is yours. We keep it that way by protecting it as best as we reasonably can to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands.
6.2 Our ten promises to you
1. We will tell you which data from or about you we use, why we use it, how long we use it, who else can use it and where it is kept.
2. We will only use your data for the purposes we have stated to you.
3. We keep as little of your data as possible, and only for as long as we need it. When we no longer need data we destroy it or we irreversibly anonymise it, so it is no longer linked to you.
4. If we ask your permission to use your data for specific purposes, we also allow you to withdraw your permission.
5. If we have not been able to ask your permission to collect and use your data and you don’t want us to do so, you can tell us and we will act accordingly.
6. We will allow you to access and correct your data if it is linked to your App account.
7. We will keep protecting your data against unauthorized access and accidental loss as best as we reasonably can.
8. If we engage others to use your information on our behalf, we will ensure they act in accordance with our policies.
9. If we share your data with others, we will first ask you for permission, unless there is a legal obligation that prohibits us from asking.
10. We are open to any questions you may have about how we use your data and we will answer them.
6.3 Marine Navigation policy on privacy and processing of personal data
We operate according to the privacy laws applicable in your country. Because we are rooted in Europe, European privacy laws also apply. These laws are considered to be the most extensive in the world. They offer a high level of protection to you by only allowing us to use your data when the strict conditions of these laws are met. Our company policy on privacy and processing of personal data reflects these laws and we apply this policy globally.
Definitions
Personal Data: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘Data subject’, user); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity;
Processing of Personal Data ‘processing’: any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
1. Marine Navigation will process Personal Data fairly and lawfully.
2. Marine Navigation will collect Personal Data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and will not further process Personal Data in a way incompatible with those purposes.
3. Marine Navigation will ensure Personal Data is adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which they are collected and/or further processed.
4. Marine Navigation will ensure Personal Data are accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
5.Marine Navigation will keep Personal Data in a form which permits identification of its users for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data were collected or for which they are further processed.
6. Marine Navigation will process Personal Data only if:
a) the user has unambiguously given his consent; or
b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the user is party or in order to take steps at the request of the user prior to entering into a contract; or
c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Marine Navigation is subject; or
d) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued Marine Navigation, except where such interests are overridden by the interests for fundamental rights and freedoms of the user and in particular his right to privacy.
7. Marine Navigation will avoid processing Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, or Personal Data concerning health or sex life.
8. Marine Navigation will avoid processing Personal Data related to persons under the age of 13 years.
9. To ensure fair processing of Personal Data, Marine Navigation will inform its users of
a) The purposes of the processing;
b) The categories of the Personal Data concerned;
c) The categories of the recipients of the Personal Data;
d) How to access and rectify their Personal Data.
10. Marine Navigation implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of Personal Data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. Marine Navigation does so having regard to the state of the art and the cost of their implementation, ensuring a level of security appropriate to the risks represented by the processing and the nature of the Personal Data to be protected.
11. In case processing is carried out on Marine Navigation’s behalf, Marine Navigation will choose a processor providing sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical security measures and organizational measures governing the processing to be carried out, and will ensure compliance with those measure. In these cases Marine Navigation will ensure the processing is governed by a contract binding the processor to the controller and stipulating in particular that:
a) The processor shall act only on instructions from Marine Navigation;
b) The provisions of 10) are applied to the processor.
12. In principle Marine Navigation will process Personal Data in the European Economic Area (EEA). In those cases where Personal Data is transferred or processed outside the EEA by Marine Navigation or on Marine Navigation’s behalf, Marine Navigation will ensure adequate safeguards with respect to the protection of the privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals and as regards the exercise of the corresponding rights by applying appropriate contractual clauses or other acceptable legally binding instruments.
13. In case Marine Navigation remotely stores information, or gains access to (any) data already stored, in a device of a user, Marine Navigation will ensure the user concerned has given his or her consent, having been provided with clear and comprehensive information, about the purposes of the processing. This shall not prevent Marine Navigation from any technical storage or access for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary in order for Marine Navigation to provide a service explicitly requested by the user.
6.4 Data we collect
When you use our sites, our products and our services we collect data from you or about you. What data we exactly collect depends on what you use and how you use it. In general there are 3 categories of data we collect and use:
Data you provide
This is the data you enter yourself when using our sites, products and services. This data includes for example your name, email address, the search terms you enter, your address and favourite locations, your phone number, any map errors reports and speed camera reports you enter, your size, weight, gender, age etc. etc.
Data collected via sensors
A lot of our products come equipped with one or more sensors or use the sensors of the devices they run on. Examples of sensors are GPS receivers, WiFi or Bluetooth receivers, a camera, a microphone, G-force sensors, hart rate sensors and touch sensitive screens. These sensors, when activated, will automatically collect data. Depending on the purpose for which it was captured, the data in combination with data that identifies you or your device can be sent to Marine Navigation and others for subsequent use.
Metadata
This refers to any data that is collected or automatically generated while you use Marine Navigation sites, products or services. In many cases metadata is collected or generated inherent to you using a computing device or inherent to transmitting data over computer networks, such as the internet. This data includes user interface and other device usage events, IP-addresses, unique device identifiers, WiFi and Bluetooth MAC addresses, cookies and records of computer activity.
6.5 Data we receive from others
We receive data from third parties that they have collected, under their responsibility and in accordance with their privacy policy, and shared with us. We use that data within the limits of what these third parties allow us to do with it while also adhering to our own privacy principles and policy. We receive real-time feeds of location, speed, sensors and other vehicle and device information from, for example, mobile phone users, business fleets and vehicles that are equipped with our on-line maps or traffic and travel services. We use this data only after we have made sure it cannot be linked back to you.
We also receive data from others about you when you have interacted with them, for example when you have visited their websites or used their mobile apps. This data can include IP-addresses, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth MAC addresses, cookies and other records of computer activity, as well as indications of your behaviour, interests and demographic.
6.6 Marine Navigation account
Marine Navigation uses your Marine Navigation account to grant you access to downloadable content, services you are subscribed to or have activated, software upgrades and sections of our website which need registration. We also use your Marine Navigation account when you want to purchase additional items and to tailor our offerings to you. The way in which Marine Navigation uses your Marine Navigation account also depends on the software and device or system you use.
To create your Marine Navigation account, as a minimum you need to supply your name and email address and choose a password. Marine Navigation advises you to keep your Marine Navigation account details confidential and use a password you do not use elsewhere.
We will use your email address occasionally to send information related to the products and services registered to your Marine Navigation account. We will only do this if there are updates you need to be aware of to ensure you can use your product in a safe, reliable way, without interruption or if there is a legal requirement to contact you.
Using your Marine Navigation account, you can also subscribe to the Marine Navigation News email, which provides the latest news, product information and special offers from Marine Navigation and others we select. You can opt-out of receiving the Marine Navigation News email at any time by clicking on the appropriate link in the emails you receive.
Should you wish to delete your Marine Navigation account, you can delete in the app profile account.
We will not share your Marine Navigation account details with anyone else, unless they work under our responsibility, according to our instructions or when explicitly and lawfully ordered to do so following due legal process.
6.7 Service management and improvement
Marine Navigation keeps information that tells us how and when you use our services. This includes information about the device you are using and the information we receive while you use the service, such as locations, routes, destinations and search queries. Marine Navigation uses the information for technical diagnostics, to detect fraud and abuse, to create usage reports, and to improve its services. The information is kept only for these purposes and for a limited period of time, after which it is destroyed. Marine Navigation is unable to identify you based on this information, and will not try to. Marine Navigation applies security methods based on industry standards to protect the information against unauthorised access. Marine Navigation will not give anyone else access to the information or use it for any other purpose, unless explicitly and lawfully ordered to do so following due legal process.
6.8 Aggregated Statistics
Marine Navigation may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites or apps. Marine Navigation may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Marine Navigation does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
6.9 Photo
If you choose to upload a photo to your Marine Navigation account, your photo will be viewable by the all community,  You may remove or replace your photo at any time by logging into your account on the app.
6.10 Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Marine Navigation uses cookies to help Marine Navigation identify and track visitors, their usage of Marine Navigation website, and their website access preferences. Marine Navigation visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Marine Navigation websites, with the drawback that certain features of Marine Navigation websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
6.11 Business Transfers
If Marine Navigation, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Marine Navigation goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Marine Navigation may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
6.12 Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites/app may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Marine Navigation and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
6.13 Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Marine Navigation may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Marine Navigation sole discretion. Marine Navigation encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Marine Navigation account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site/app after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
6.14 Analytics
We use Google Analytics, which creates a number of first-party cookies, all prefixed __utm:
__utma contains a unique and anonymous identifying ID, which allows us to ensure that subsequent visits to our website are recorded as belonging to the same (unique) visitor. This cookie expires after two years.
__utmb used to establish and continue a unique user session. Each time you request another page from the website the cookie is updated to expire after 30 minutes.
__utmc works with __utmb to determine when to create a new session for a website visitor. This is a session cookie and expires when you exit the browser.
__utmz tracks how you found us and is used to calculate traffic and navigation within the website.
__utmv You may also sometimes find this cookie is created which relates to custom reporting segments, a feature which we occasionally use on Google Analytics.
Full details of the cookies which Google Analytics uses can be found in
Cookies & Google Analytics
in documentation for Google’s Analytics tracking code. You can also read
Google’s Privacy Policy for Google Analytics
.
We don’t share the data that Google Analytics collects, and we don’t believe that our use of Google Analytics is privacy-intrusive. We use the data that is collected in the following ways:
to report, in aggregate, how our visitors find and use our website;
to understand overall visitor behaviour; and
to inform how we update and improve our website.
To opt out of our use of Google Analytics you may wish to consider using the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
13590538434673717422
true
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false