Privacy Policy
Tuokio
This Privacy Policy helps you to understand what personal data
Tuotantoyhtiö Tuokio Oy
(”Tuokio” or “we”) collects from the users of Tuokio’s mobile games, our websites and other services provided by Tuokio (“Services”).  “Personal data” refers to information, which allows a user to be directly or indirectly identified as an individual person.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Services and You should read this document before using the Services. If You have any questions, please contact us at info(at)Tuokio.fi.
EU & national law requires parental consent for children under the age of 13 for processing personal data and 16 years old in certain European Union member states.  If You believe that We might have any Personal Data from or about a child under the age of 13 or older when there is a requirement for a parental consent, please contact us at  info(at)Tuokio.fi.
1. Personal Data Collected and Sources of Personal Data
We collect several categories of information:
Automatically gathered information when you use our Services
Information from third parties (such as Facebook and Google) in relation to our Services
We may collect information, such as email or userID that you give to us, when you sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third-party login/connect).
If you connect the Service to your social media account(s) through Facebook Connect, Apple’s Game Center, Google Play Services or any other third-party service to allow them to obtain information about You from our Services and to allow us to obtain information about you and, consequently, Tuokio may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available. You can control the types of personal data available in the profile of such thirdparty services by adjusting the privacy settings available therein.
We use technical means to collect information about you when you use our Services. This information includes device and use information such as application usage as well  as access and session times and advertising ID.
We use third-party advertisement and analytics providers who may collect information for example with regard to geolocation information from your mobile device (but only with your express consent).
We may also collect information on users’ activities in the Services, such as advertising ID, device, amount of levels completed, and the length of time played, interactions with other players, hardware type, operating system version, browser type, language and other interactions with a game or website and referring website addresses.
2. Purpose, Legal Basis and Processing of Personal Data
Personal data is processed for the purposes of creating for, providing, maintaining, customizing and developing the Services, contacting users, sending customer information to users, enabling communication in the Services and creating reports. The basis for processing is the contract between the user and Tuokio, and in case of development, reports, and informing, the legitimate interest of Tuokio.
The processing of Personal Data to electronic direct marketing (email, text messages) is based on your consent (opt-in), except in case of marketing similar product and services you have acquired based on the information given by you. You can always deny this in advance as informed in Section 7 here below.
We may also use collected information to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services. Personal data may also be used to provide customer service and other services at your request, to send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support messages, as well as communicate with you about promotions and other news about products and services offered by Tuokio. This is based on the legitimate interest of Tuokio.
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user's computer/device and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password where applicable. You can read more about cookies and other identifiers here below.
3. Retention of Data
Personal data collected is retained pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required by law. Further, Tuokio will store the following categories of your Personal Data, where applicable, for the retention periods outlined below:
Category
Retention period
Data you give to us
During your use of our Services, unless applicable law requires a longer retention time.
Technically gathered information
During your use of our Services, unless applicable law requires a longer retention time.
Information from third parties
During your use of our Services, if any.
The end of your using our Services will be either:
1) You delete the Service in question, such as a game application; or
Tuokio terminates your account in the Service in question, such as a game. This may be done according to the Terms of Service, but at the latest after two (2) years of no activity in the account
Thereafter, if the collected Personal Information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Tuokio will delete Personal Information in its possession within a reasonable timeframe or render it anonymous
4. Disclosing Information and Recipients of Personal Data
Marketing
Tuokio will not disclose your stored Personal data to third parties for direct electronic marketing (email, text messages) without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in. The Personal data might be used for targeted in-service marketing and other similar purposes.
Tuokio does its best effort to prevent any unsolicited or inappropriate advertisement through the Services. You can read about the marketing networks in Section 5. If you have received any unauthorized or inappropriate advertisement through the Services, we request you to contact info(at)Tuokio.fi.
Hosting
We may use external service providers to provide technical solutions or services for processing stored information and access the stored information by using a technical interface and share your Personal data with third-party service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the Services.
Other disclosures and transfers outside EU/EEA
Tuokio may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregate or anonymous information about you may be shared with advertisers, publishers, business partners, and other third parties
We share anonymous user usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc. with interested third parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of the Services.
In exceptional cases, Personal data may be disclosed to third parties if required under any applicable law or regulation or order by competent authorities, or in order to enforce the Terms of Service and to investigate possible infringing use of the Services as well as to guarantee the safety of the Services.
We use third-party service providers, such as e-mail service providers, credit card processors, information analyzers and business intelligence providers. Tuokio has the right to share Personal data as necessary for the aforementioned service providers to provide their services to Tuokio.
Tuokio hosts the Services in and transfers Personal Data for this purpose to countries which are outside the European Union or the European Economic Area, such as the United States, only in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. You can find information and relevant privacy policies here above.
5. Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Tuokio may work with third parties who use cookies and other tracking technologies to track the effectiveness of the advertisements that may be placed in the Services. They are used for analyzing advertisement view counts and are not linked to your Personal data. They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites, and/or set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your device.
Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your Personal data, for purposes such as improving the quality of Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use.  Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their devices should set their devices to refuse cookies or tracking before using the Services, with the drawback that certain features of such service may not function properly.
Third party tracking
As an element of the Services, we also use other third-party data analytics service providers, such as GameAnalytics  and Unity Analytics which help us analyze and improve our games. The data collected by data analytics service providers enables us to understand usage of the Services.
Usage information and Personal data are stored by such service providers and are subject to their privacy policies. The current list of data analytics service providers we use in connection with the Services can be requested from us at any time by contacting us at Info(at)tuokio.fi.
Information collected by advertising networks, such as AdColony, AdMob, AppLovin, Unity Ads and Vungle, shall be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the third party providing applicable technology. If you want to be sure that no targeted advertisements will be displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services. In addition, please note that if you “opt out” of targeted advertising, you will still receive advertising that is not personalized to you.
We may feature advertising within the Services and may employ third party technologies to collect information in the Services. If you wish to “opt out” of certain targeted advertising, you can visit http://www.youradchoices.com and/or www.networkadvertising.org. Please note that the links above may not reach all of our advertising partners and certain targeted advertising may still be displayed to you.
6. Protection of Personal Data
Tuokio commits to adhere to the security provisions of applicable data protection regulation, as well as to process Personal data in compliance with good processing practices. All Tuokio’s personnel processing Personal data are obliged to keep Personal data strictly confidential.
The registers will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the access to the stored information only to persons working at Tuokio or Tuokio partners who are expressly authorized by Tuokio. All Personal data is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and organizational safety measures.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information
during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Tuokio will post a notice on the Tuokio website or through the Services in case of a material security breach that endangers your privacy or Personal data. Tuokio may also temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal data.
7. Rights of the Data Subjects and Contact Information
Right to access, correct and object
You may contact us, and we will inform what personal data we have collected and processed regarding you and for what purposes such data is used. You have the right to have corrected any incorrect, incomplete, outdated, or unnecessary personal data stored about you by contacting us.
You may object to certain use of personal data, including profiling and direct marketing, if such data is processed for other purposes than purposes necessary for the performance of our Services or for compliance with a legal obligation. You may also object to any further processing of personal data after prior given consent. If you object to further processing of your personal data, this may lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.
Right to deletion and restriction of processing
You may also ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. We will comply with such request unless we have a legitimate ground to not delete the data. After the data has been deleted, we may not immediately be able to delete all residual copies from our active servers and backup systems. Such copies shall be deleted as soon as reasonably possible.
You may request us to restrict processing of certain personal data, this may however lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive personal data provided by you to us in a structured, commonly used format.
Objecting direct marketing and withdrawal of consent
You can deny any direct marketing and withdraw your consent to electronic direct marketing. You can always withdraw also any other consent including parental consent.
How to use the rights
These rights may be used by sending a letter or e-mail to us on the addresses set out below, including the following information: name, phone number, login information and details of the Services you have used. We may request the provision of additional information necessary to confirm your identity. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, excessive or manifestly unfounded.
In case you consider our processing activities of personal data to be inconsistent with the applicable data protection regulation, a complaint may be lodged with the local data protection authorities.
8. Right to lodge a complaint
In case you consider our processing activities of personal data to be inconsistent with the applicable data protection regulation, a complaint may be lodged with the local data protection authorities.
9. Changes to This Policy
Tuokio may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes hereto will be made available on our website (http://www.tuokio.com/privacy/). Significant Changes affecting your rights will be informed in the Services.
10. Contact Information
The user may at any time contact Tuokio at the address here below:
Tuotantoyhtiö Tuokio Oy
Business ID: 2043628-2
Address: Pinninkatu 47, 33100 Tampere, Finland
Email: info(at)tuokio.com
Website: www.tuokio.com