Search
for content...
Home
Get Started
Equipment
Pricing
Login
EN
FR
DE
US
ES
IT
NL
JP
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
Kinomap Privacy Policy
Updated May 25th: please read
this article
for an overview of how your data is handled
1 - Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To secure your privacy, we provide this explaining text on our website in order for you to make the best choices about the way your information is collected and used by us (the "Privacy Policy").
To make this Privacy Policy easy to access, we make it available on our home page and through a link on our login page. If the Privacy Policy changes, we will attempt to notify you via the email address you have provided.
The Privacy Policy has been in effect since the launch of the platform on January 1, 2010 and the release of the first applications on January 1, 2013. Please note that this Privacy Policy covers your use of the website located at
www.kinomap.com
and its affiliated sites (the "Site"), whether you are a Registered User or not, as well as your use of the Kinomap Uploader web services (the "Uploader") and the Kinomap application (the "Application").
The Privacy Policy does not identify the policies of third party web pages that you may access separately through the Site (for example, online mobile application delivery platforms, Facebook, Twitter or YouTube). Please check the policies of these companies or sources to determine how they handle your private information.
2 - The Information We Collect and How We Use It.
The Privacy Policy applies to all information that may be collected or submitted on the Site or in connection with your use of the Site. When you register as a user on the Site to access all features of the Site available only to registered users, you are required to provide us with the following information:
Email Address
User Name
Password
Confirmation Password
You may also provide if you wish:
Your last name and first name
Your phone number
Your address
Your gender
Your weight
Your age
Your height
Your date of birth
Your pace
Your heart rate
Your speed
Your altitude progress
The equipment you use
When you register to use the Site using the Register via Facebook, Strava or similar platform link, you must provide your Facebook username and password to log in to the Site. In this case, we have access to your basic Facebook user information, including your username, name email address, gender, date of birth, current city, profile picture, URL, and the credentials of the user's friends who also joined Kinomap through the platform used to create the account and log in.
We share your data with the International Olympic Committee (Switzerland) (“IOC”), the Paris Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games 2024 (France) (“Paris 2024”), and the Los Angeles Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games 2028 (USA) (“LA 2028”). Your data will be used by each of the IOC, Paris 2024 and LA 2028 as separate data controllers, to better understand their fans, evaluate the performance of digital properties or activities connected to the Olympic Games or Paralympic Games, personalise their services, products and marketing activities and, where you have given your consent, send you direct marketing, including marketing related to their products, services and partners. The sharing of data described in this sub-paragraph is based on consent (where you have provided it) or each of the IOC’s, Paris 2024’s or LA 2028’s legitimate interest to fulfil the purposes described here. Subject to some exceptions, you have the right to object to such processing activities. For more information about how these organisations use your data, as well as how you can assert your data subject rights with each of them, please see their privacy policies here:
IOC
Paris 2024
LA 2028
On some pages, you may send us requests or correspond with us (for example, when you submit a question via the automated form available on the Contact Us page of the Site or via the Comments tab of the Site). The types of personal information you must provide for general inquiries and support are as follows:
First and Last Name
Email Address
We will also collect any other information that you include in the body or subject line of your message to us including information about how we can contact you to respond to your request. Such information may include your phone number or mailing address. You may provide a take down notice to us for content that you believe is infringing your copyrights as described under Copyright Violations in the Website Terms of Use. A take down notice must provide to us all of the information required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. That information includes the following personal information:
First and Last Name
Physical Address
Telephone Number
Email Address
When you use the Uploader from your computer to upload videos to Kinomap, you authorize us to collect your Kinomap username, the mode of transport used in the video, the time and date you upload the video to the site, the geographic location from which the video was uploaded, the geographic location, time and date the video was filmed, including the start and end points, the duration of the video and specific GPS location information for the entire video footage. GPS information includes location, speed, distance and elevation.
We use this data in connection with your video(s) to create content for the Site and the Application. We make this data available to other users of the Site, both registered and unregistered, and to users of the Kinomap Training Application.
We provide a license of the Training Application to some fitness equipment manufacturers. The data associated with the videos and the videos are shared with these equipment manufacturers as part of the license for the Training Application.
Users of the Site may share videos with others via third party websites, such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and blog sites. When a video is shared or linked to another site, the information you provided about the video is included in the video and becomes available to users of those third-party websites.
We also provide this data to our advertisers on the Site and on the Kinomap training application for the purpose of targeting advertising to our site users.
We also aggregate data from all videos uploaded to the Site for search and filtering functions on the Site and Kinomap Training App, for internal research, product and service development, marketing and targeted advertising purposes, and quality control.
In addition, we may share or sell the anonymized aggregate data we collect, including geographic location data, with outside third parties. You may change, delete and manage your information collected by Kinomap by emailing
support@kinomap.com
.
Cookies.
We may also collect information about how you access the Site using cookies. Session identification cookies may be used by us to track your preferences when you visit the Site. They also help minimize loading times and save on server processing. Persistent cookies may be used by us to record whether, for example, you want your password to be remembered or not. The cookies used on the Site do not contain your personal information. For a detailed explanation of our cookie policy, please visit
Cookies Policy.
Log Files.
We use log files that may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, time stamp, geographic location, number of clicks, page views and video views to analyze trends, administer the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However, none of this information contains any personal information.
Information You Provide.
We primarily use the personal information you provide during registration to complete registration, to check your connections to the Site, to facilitate the upload of the Downloader, the Application and your use of the Downloader and the Application.
Your username will be used to identify the videos you upload to the Site and to identify you as a user of the Site for all other activity on the Site, including when you provide comments on videos.
Except for information you make public through the content you post on the Site, we use commercially reasonable means to protect the personally identifiable information you provide to us during the registration process and we will not share, sell, or disseminate the personal data to others, except as authorized by you, as required by law, as necessary to enforce the Terms of Use and End User License Agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our employees, agents, representatives and affiliates, our users or others.
For example, we may disclose information we collect about you, including personally identifiable information, to law enforcement or other government agencies if we receive a subpoena, search warrant, summons, or other court order and the information is necessary to protect others from injury, serious harm, or death; to prevent fraud; or to assist in the investigation of a crime or threat of a serious crime or suspected terrorist activity.
We use return email addresses and your name to respond to emails we receive.
As part of your registration to use the Site or Application, you have also authorized us to communicate with you regarding updates, bug fixes and/or enhancements to the Site, Downloader or Training Applications that you have downloaded, changes to the Terms of Use, or violations we identify or concerns we have related to your use of the Site, Downloader or Training Applications.
We may also use your e-mail address to send you promotional or marketing e-mails about us and our products and services. You may opt-out by contacting us and requesting to be removed from the list at www.kinomap.com or by following the opt-out link provided in the email we send you.
It could be necessary to send a strictly service-related announcement, if, for example, our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance. In general, you may not opt out of these communications, but you may cancel or terminate your registration. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. Your email address is not used for any other purpose and is not shared with any third parties.
We may use and disclose non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and share it with potential advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals have viewed a video, the geographic location of the video, and the geographic location of the users who have viewed the video, but we will not disclose anything that can be used to directly identify an individual; provided, however, that if you use your real name for your Kinomap username, your name may be shared with potential advertisers and investors with respect to content you share or post on the site. You can opt-out by changing your username.
In the event of a sale of Kinomap, any of its divisions, or its software and technology, information collected from users may be transferred to the new owners. We may also share the information we collect with our affiliates. Finally, we do not use or share personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without giving you the opportunity to opt-out. You may edit, delete and manage your information collected by Kinomap by emailing
support@kinomap.com.
3. Our commitment to data security:
In order to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to secure the information we may collect online.
If we become aware of any particular risk or vulnerability to the security of information we have collected from users, we will notify you using the email address you have provided.
4. Our Commitment to Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of younger children is essential. For this reason, we do not collect or maintain information on our Site from anyone we know to be under the age of 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
You may not register to use the Site, Downloader or Training Applications if you are under 13 years old.
5. How you can access, correct or delete your information:
We use your email address and username to facilitate your use of the Site, your loading of the Downloader and/or Training Applications, to check your login, to respond to your email requests or other communications with us, and to provide you with information regarding upgrades, bug fixes and/or enhancements to the Site, Downloader or Application, potential security risks, or other promotional information about us, as noted above.
You may access and update your user information by logging into your user account. If your name, email address, or other user information changes and you would like to continue receiving this information, please contact us at
support@kinomap.com
To protect your privacy and security, and to prevent misuse of our software, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before authorizing or implementing any such change.
Opting Out.
If you no longer wish us to collect, store or use your information, you must stop using the Site, Downloader and Training Applications, cancel your user account and send us a message at
support@kinomap.com
requesting that we remove your information from our database. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal.
We will use commercially reasonable means to delete your information within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request, as long as you have cancelled your account and stopped using the Site, Downloader and Training Applications; however, certain non-personally identifiable information or aggregate data we have collected from you may not be deleted. You have the ability to delete videos and other content that you post or share on the Site.
Termination.
Once your subscription is terminated, all data in your account will be deleted within one year of your termination.
Your Rights.
Personal data is any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly.
Under current data protection legislation, you have the following rights:
Right of access.
You can obtain confirmation of the processing of your data collected by KINOMAP, access to its data, as well as for example the purposes of the processing, or the categories of data concerned.
Right of rectification.
You can request the rectification of your data if they are inaccurate.
Right to erase.
You may request the deletion of your data, in particular if the data has been processed unlawfully or if the purpose for which it was collected is no longer relevant.
Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transfer it to another organization if this is technically feasible.
Right to object.
You may object at any time to the processing of your personal data for reasons relating to your particular situation or, for example, if your data is used for protection purposes.
6. How to contact us:
If you have any further questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at
support@kinomap.com
The application
Scenic videos
Coaching videos
Workout
Pricing
About
Our services
Reward program
Gift cards
Media kit
Corporate Wellness
Shop
Read more
Get Started
Equipment
Contact Support
Contact for business collaborations
Jobs
Kinomap for Races
News
Follow us
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Copyright 2022, Kinomap.com