Home
Art
Drawings
Drawings - Humanized/Anthro
Drawings - Themed Compilations
Speedpaints
Cosplay
Plushie
Custom
Craft
Wallpaper
3D Ponies
Artist Spotlight
Open Art
News
Generation 5
Pony Life
Upcoming Episodes
Episode Trailers
Episode Posts
My Little Pony Movie
Equestria Girls
EQG Shorts Posts
Official Comic
EQD Editorial
Books
Interview
Cards
Merchandise
Episode Followup
Poll Results
Event
Nightly Roundup
Fics
Fic Archive
Complete
Audio Book
Incomplete
Normal
Sad
Adventure
Shipping
Comedy
Crossover
Random
Sci-Fi
Grimdark
Pinkie Pie
Applejack
Twilight Sparkle
Rainbow Dash
Fluttershy
Rarity
Spike
Luna
Celestia
Cadance
Sweetie Belle
Apple Bloom
Scootaloo
Diamond Tiara
The Great and Powerful Trixie
Discord
Gilda
Zecora
Cheerilee
Derpy Hooves
Daring Do
Fleur De Lis
Nurse Redheart
Mayor Mare
Spitfire
Fancy Pants
Hoity Toity
Prince Blueblood
Shining Armor
Doctor Whoof
Vinyl Scratch
Octavia
Bon Bon
Lyra
Berry Punch
Colgate
Human
Other
Media
Animation
PMV
SFM
YTPMV
Analysis
Game
Game Index
Radio play
Official Music
Music Archive
All Music
Music: Instrumental
Music: Remix
Music: Vocal
Music: Background
Bonus Music
Comics
Fan Comics
Official Comics
Comic Dub
Community
EQD Staff
Pony Soapbox
Discussion
Convention List
Discord Server
Polls
Convention News
Tutorials
Artist Spotlight
Commenting Rules
Editorial
General
Pony Spotlight
Top Lists
Episode Rewatch
Pony History
Toy Review
Comic Review
Episode Followup
Submit
General
Fanfiction
About Us
Community Soapbox Entry
Equestria Daily Settings
Hide Season 9
Hide Generation 5
Hide Equestria Girls Posts
Hide Anthro Posts
Fancy Banner
Fixed Navigation Bar
Site theme
Follow browser/system
Celestia (Light)
Luna (Dark)
Stop Witchhunting Artists for AI!
Case of the Missing Puff - 2 Page Preview
New Characters Revealed from TYT
Countdown
Poll
Loading...
Popular Posts
Nightly Discussion #3865
Source Awww, what a precious lil muffin! Something utterly adorable and wholesome for Derpy Day. I just love Derpy and Dinky art. It's...
Toy Fair 2025 Was a Pile of Mixed Generation Pony, But Not Much New
2025 is a quiet year for ponies with G5 being cancelled and Hasbro seemingly focusing on fusing the various generations of pony as we hav...
Find the Fake - Can You Tell Which Pony is AI?
I feel like this skill is important at this exact moment in time, and if you browse a lot of art, you might be surprised at how well you ...
Drawfriend Stuff (Pony Art Gallery) #5045
The ponies will evolve. Would you watch a G6 with future Twilight and her apprentice?   Art below!   [1] Source   Make some friends by Avra...
Drawfriend - Equestria Girls / Anthro MLP Art Gallery #606
Fluttershy header. I never know what to say about her other than cute, so I'll just go with that.   Anthro and human gallery below!   [...
Drawfriend Stuff (Pony Art Gallery) #5046
"I forgot to hit publish" edition! have a late Drawfriend cause I'm dumb.    Art below!   [0] Source   by sirbreadstick99
Drawfriend Stuff (Pony Art Gallery) #5042
Ponk is here. Your day is now much better.   Get poni below.   [0] Source   by horsemoment
Drawfriend Stuff (Pony Art Gallery) #5041
That is a lot of fluff. These princesses clearly still have their winter coats.   Go get art below!   [0] Source   by malibumiso
Drawfriend Stuff (Pony Art Gallery) #5043
The pony will deliver the unicone. I want to try it.   Art below!   [1] Source   unicone by aosion on Deviantart
Drawfriend Stuff (Pony Art Gallery) #5040
I am detecting an overwhelming amount of snowpity from this pony. She is very mare.   Time for art! go get the gallery below.   [22] Source...
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Equestria 
Daily collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected 
from users (each, a "User") of the
https://www.equestriadaily.com
website, the Equestria Daily Forums at https://forums.equestriadaily.com and the mobile Equestria 
Daily Android and iOS app (from here on out all referred to as "Site"). 
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services 
offered by Equestria Daily.
Web browser cookies
Our
 site and third-party tools may use "cookies" to enhance user 
experience. All first party cookies are stored for session retention 
purposes only and contain no personal or tracking information.  User s
may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you 
when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of 
the site may not function properly.
Blogger/Google Analytics
The Blogger engine may collect non-personal identification information 
about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification 
information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical 
information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the 
operating system and web browser used. This information is used only for functional purposes.
When the user visits the site for the first time, a notification from Blogger will appear at the top informing the user about the non personal and personal data Blogger and Google Analytics collect (if applicable).
The full Google privacy policy can be found
here
.
Disqus
The third-party Disqus comment system created by Disqus 
Inc. uses cookies to maintain user sessions.  This privacy policy 
does not cover the use of information and cookies set by Disqus Inc.
plugins. The Disqus Inc. Privacy Policy can be found
here
.
Third-party advertisements on the website
Some of the
 advertisements you see on EquestriaDaily.com are delivered by third 
parties who also collect information through their own cookies, web 
beacons, and other similar technologies about your online activities, 
either on our services or across the Internet, in an effort to 
understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored 
to your interests. These third parties include advertisers, advertising 
agencies, and ad networks that may collect information about you when 
you view or interact with one of their advertisements and may collect 
information about your online activities over time and across different 
websites.
Third parties may serve, track and/or
 analyze ads on our services, and thereby may collect information about 
your online activities. EquestriaDaily.com does not have access to the 
information these third parties may collect about your interests to 
deliver relevant advertising to you, and the information practices of 
these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
These 
companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information 
used for advertising purposes on both browser and mobile app platforms.
In addition, some of these companies are
 members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), which offers a 
single location to opt out of receiving tailored advertisements from 
member companies. To opt out of information collection by NAI member 
companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or 
their own privacy policies, please visit the NAI consumer opt out page 
here:
http://optout.
networkadvertising.org/#!/
Mobile app
The Equestria Daily mobile app is available for Android phone on
Google Play
, listed under the "Sethisto" developer. The Equestria Daily mobile app is available on iOS devices on
Apple App Store
, listed under the "Shaun Scotellaro" developer. Downloading the Equestria Daily app from any other source is not endorsed by Equestria Daily and could be harmful to your device.
The app collects annonymous analytic data to analyze crashes and other app behavior issues. This data includes device model, OS version, app version, device language, device timezone and diagnostic app logs. This data is used to diagnose and fix any app specific issues in future updates and is not tracable to a specific user. 
This data is securely transfered using SSL/TLS and stored in the Google Firebase Analytic system. Full details on the privacy policy and features of Google Firebase can be found
here
.
Third-party advertisements on mobile
The
 advertisements you see on the Equestria Daily app are delivered by the Google Admob network. The Google Admob network might collect information through their own cookies, web 
beacons, and other similar technologies about your online activities, 
either on our services or across the Internet, in an effort to 
understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored 
to your interests.
Admob may serve, track and/or
 analyze ads in the Equestria Daily app and collect information to deliver more personalized ads. The full Google privacy policy (including AdMob) can be found
here
.
Equestria Daily does not have access to any data, personal or non personal, that the Admob network may collect to 
deliver relevant advertising to you.
Users from the EEA will be offered a choice between personalized and non personalized ads at app startup. Choosing non personalized ads will automatically opt-out the user from any collection of personal data by the Admob network. This choice can be changed (and consent for data collection thereby granted or revoked) in the Options screen of the app.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance 
of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use 
our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes 
to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Changes to this privacy policy
Equestria Daily has the discretion to update 
this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated 
date at the bottom of this page and send out a notification on social media. In case of major changed a blog post will also be published informing users of the update. We encourage users to frequently check 
this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are handling the personal information we collect.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy 
Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, 
please contact us at:
Equestria Daily
https://www.equestriadaily.com
sethisto@gmail.com
This document was last updated on November 13, 
2024
Equestria Daily Privacy Policy
Please enable JavaScript to view the
comments powered by Disqus.
1/1
Skip
Ad
Continue watching
after the ad
Visit Advertiser website
GO TO PAGE
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Urologist: Many Men With an Enlarged Prostate Don't Know About This Simple Trick
Titan Flow
Achieve Total Peace of Mind With Ring Devices
Get Personalized Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Tired of Cleaning out Your Gutters? Get a Quote Today!
4 Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
We've Got Your Eyes Covered - Find Your Perfect Pair!
8 Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it