PRODUCTS & SERVICES
About us
Patient Access
Patient Info
FOR PATIENT ACCESS APP
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Complaint policy
Cookie policy
Accessibility statement
Support
Contact technical support
© Egton Medical Information Systems Limited. All rights reserved. Patient does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://access.login.nhs.uk/privacy:
Cookies on NHS login
Cookies collect information about how you use NHS login to help us make our site work as well as possible.
We would also like to use analytics cookies to improve our service.
Accept all cookies
Choose your cookies
Go back
Your privacy on NHS login
Version 4.4 – July 2024
Contents
This privacy notice will explain:
Who we are
Why we collect your personal information
What personal information we collect about you
How we use the personal information we collect about you
How we protect your personal information
Connecting Parties using NHS login
Sharing information with Connected NHS Systems
How long we store your personal information
Where your personal information is stored
Cookies
Your rights
Complaints
Our legal basis for using your information
Changes to our privacy notice
Who we are
NHS England leads the National Health Service (NHS) in England. It sets the priorities and direction of the NHS. NHS England wants everyone to have greater control of their health and wellbeing, and to be supported to live longer, healthier lives.
Find out more on the NHS England website
Mentions of ‘us’ and ‘we’ mean NHS England and ‘you’ means anyone using NHS login.
We have developed a platform for you to prove your identity and create your own NHS login account. With this, you can securely access ‘Connected Services’ such as Health and Social Care related websites and apps, provided by the NHS or by third parties on behalf of the NHS ‘Connecting Parties’.
We are the data controller of the personal information you provide to us when:
we verify your identity
you use NHS login to access Connected Services
you manage your NHS login account
you contact us
Why we collect your personal information
To create your NHS login account, we need to take some personal information from you. The NHS login account will allow you to securely access any NHS login connected service which displays the ‘NHS login’ sign in button. We collect personal information from you to:
verify who you are
provide you with an NHS login so that you can access Connected Services and manage your NHS login account
provide Connecting Parties with data you explicitly agree to us sharing
to inform you of new Connected Services which you can access using NHS login
send direct communication to your registered NHS login contact details so that we can support you in the use of your NHS login account
support User Research
Collecting this information also allows us to manage our service, so that we can:
improve our manual and automated
ID
checking function by monitoring the rates of successful and unsuccessful
ID
verification submissions with existing and proposed suppliers
provide data in support of the NHS England protective monitoring plan to improve the security of its services
improve the accuracy of the data held within NHS login and our Connected NHS systems such as the Personal Demographic Service (PDS)
provide you with information so that we can support your use of NHS login via the Help Centre service or directly to you (once you have created an account with NHS login)
analyse or share data that is aggregated or anonymous with organisations within, or whose work helps, the NHS. This is to help the NHS understand how your NHS account is being used so we can make improvements to it and other NHS services
What personal information we collect about you
The different items of your personal information which you choose to provide to conduct
ID
checks will determine the level of identity verification you achieve. The levels of identity verification currently are low-level, medium-level, and high-level. The level of identity verification which you have will affect which Connected Services you are able to access using NHS login. The Connected Service will conduct an assessment to identify the level required. Once you have established a low or medium-level you may at any time provide the further personal information required to move to a higher level. To support this, NHS login provides various methods to achieve the higher level of identity verification, including, in some cases, relying on verification which has already been conducted by your GP practice.
We collect your basic personal details needed to process your NHS login application, including:
for the low-level identity verification, NHS login will process your email address and any mobile phone or landline number you add to your account
for the medium-level identity verification, NHS login will process your email address, phone numbers and, depending on the user journey selected either ‘first name, middle name, last name, date of birth and postcode (which allows us to access your NHS number)’ or ‘NHS number and date of birth (which allows us to access your first name, middle name, last name, date of birth and postcode)’
for the high-level identity verification, conducted using photographic identity documentation, NHS login will process all of the data items in the medium-level identity verification plus the special category information detailed below
for high level identity verification which leverages Patient Online (POL) credentials, NHS login will process all of the data items in the medium-level identity verification plus GP Account ID, GP ODS code, GP system Linkage key
for high level identity verification, where identity verification is conducted within a care setting and an NHS login account is generated, NHS login will process all of the data items in the medium-level identity verification plus GP ODS code
a unique
ID
which is used to validate the transaction between us and our third party supplier
for the NHS login Help Centre, NHS login will process your email address and name provided by you
Special category information (sensitive personal data)
For high-level identity verification we also collect special category information needed to verify your identity to confirm a likeness and liveness check – this is achieved by reviewing:
a short video of you
a video photo frame taken during the use of the technology provided by our third party supplier
biometric data of your face that will include ethnicity
a biometric description of the evaluated data from the use of the face verification technology provided by our approved
ID
supplier
photo
ID
and information from your identity document
Technical information
In all cases we also collect technical information needed for security and to set up and manage your account to a Connected Service. This includes:
linkage key information provided by your GP Practice to you (GP Account
ID
, GP ODS code, GP system Linkage key)
audit data and event logs
online identifiers, like your Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
How we use the personal information we collect about you
Identity and contact information
In the case of low-level, mid-level and high-level accounts, we will use your personal information to create an account for you to access Connected Services.
In the case of mid-level and high-level accounts we will use your personal information to match you against the record on the Personal Demographics Service (PDS).
Find out more about PDS
In the case of high-level verified accounts NHS login will verify your identity online using manual and automated verification processes. Where an automated decision cannot be made successfully, a manual verification process is then used.
Use of Automated and Manual processes to verify your identity
We may also use third party service providers to support our delivery of NHS login. Where any such organisation has access to your personal data they will be a processor acting for us, subject to a contract with us, required to meet our security and privacy standards and may only process your personal data for the sole purpose of fulfilling our instructions.
Approved identity verification services provide NHS login with an approved automated online identity verification process. As part of the automated identity verification process for high-level identity verification, users will be asked to present photo identity documentation and conduct a live video using biometric identity verification technology. The personal data from your photo identity document is processed using technology which can automatically read the data on the document. This is checked against the Personal Demographic Service (PDS) so that we can match you to your NHS number. Users of the automated identity verification process can select, via the options presented to them, to come out of the automated journey. They can then progress their submission via the manual ID verification journey. In circumstances where the automated identity process cannot positively match you to a record, your submission is then filtered to the manual identity verification process.
The third party services are instructed to provide:
NHS login with a purpose-built identity verification platform which uses biometrics provided by you so that a likeness and liveness check can be conducted. To facilitate this, NHS login will pass across a ‘crop’ of the photo from the identity document you submitted which is then used against the video that you submit during this process
NHS login with a purpose-built document verification platform which uses the photo identity document provided by you so that the submitted document can be validated against the security features on the document and to provide NHS England with a snapshot of the ‘plain text’ information on the document so that it supports the user registration journey
Trained ID verification staff from NHS England and approved suppliers complete all manual online verification processes. They also review all of the unsuccessful fully automated online ID verification processes for high-level identity verification. As part of the manual ID verification user journey, users will be asked to provide personal data items, for example, NHS number, date of birth, first name, last name and postcode. For high-level identity verification they will also be asked to present photo ID documentation and upload a video selfie which records the user speaking the challenge code which has been sent to them. Trained ID checkers will check this against the details held within the Personal Demographic Service (PDS) so that we can match you to your NHS number.
All submissions, successful or unsuccessful, and manual or automated, are subject to quality assurance and audit checks.
Service information
We will use your NHS login registered email address to send you email communications to support you in the use of your NHS login account.
User Research
We will ask you if you would like to join our user research panel for user research to improve NHS login and connected services when you register for NHS login or on a subsequent login when there are new functions or features available within the NHS login service. If you choose to do so, we will use your NHS login registered email address to email you a short survey to fill in about you and your health. Your answers will help make sure we invite you to user research that is relevant to you.
When you have signed up, we may ask you to:
try new features
answer more questions by email
talk to our researchers about your experience of using NHS login or connected services
You can always say no to an invite, and you can leave the user research panel at any time.
How we protect your personal information
We take the security of your personal information very seriously. We have set up security measures, policies and procedures to make sure your personal information is protected.
We protect your personal information by:
training staff to understand data and security roles and responsibilities
ensuring security and confidentiality policies are in place for our staff who have access to personal information
monitoring our service
using security features such as two-factor authentication
introducing features such as ‘passwordless authentication’ and ‘remember my device’ to improve security and functionality
following good practice guidance provided by the
National Technical Authority
using legally binding agreements with all organisations, including those we use to process your personal information
managing the accounts you have created in NHS login to protect you and the NHS login service
Whilst we follow good industry practices to support the safe and secure provision of NHS login, we cannot manage the personal security of your devices used to access your NHS login account or Connected Services, as this is your responsibility. The National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) has guidance which can be reviewed:
https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/section/information-for/individuals-families
Connecting Parties using NHS login
Connecting Parties will be onboarded to NHS login as part of an assured process. Once their service is onboarded successfully, you will be able to use NHS login to securely access their service. The Connecting Parties may also have their own method for you to securely access their service, and this will co-exist with the NHS login service.
Connecting Parties will always relate to the provision of NHS, or social care, services to you. The services may be provided by an organisation directly commissioned to provide NHS, or social care, services or by a supplier on behalf of a commissioned organisation.
A data controller decides how and why personal information is processed. NHS England is the Data Controller for the identity and verification information the NHS login service processes as part of its function, and the Connecting Party is a Data Processor to support this function.
Connected Services may also ask you to share personal information from your NHS login account so that they can tailor their service for you. NHS login will present you with the option to share the personal information with the Connected Service, and if you agree to this, the Connected Service becomes the Data Controller for the NHS login data that you have agreed to share with them.
Your access to some Connected Service may be dependent on your agreement to share the data between NHS login and the Connected Service, and other services may offer an alternative route outside of NHS login to access the Connected Service. The Connected Service may require you to provide certain information in order to use their service.
We do not have access to any information within your medical records or the product provided by the Connected Services.
Each Connected Service you visit from NHS login will have their own terms and conditions and privacy notice. These should be read in conjunction with the NHS login
terms and conditions
and this privacy notice, so that you are clear on how your personal information is managed.
Sharing information with Connected NHS Systems
As part of the
ID
verification process, NHS login use the information held on the Personal Demographic Service (PDS) to match your verification request to an NHS record. Some of the data items submitted to NHS login, such as email address and mobile phone numbers may be more current than the information held on PDS, as such, if you have a High-level identity verified NHS login account you can update these data items from NHS login to your record held on PDS. These data items may change or increase over time; however, this will be made clear to you from the information presented to you on the pages.
As part of the Help centre service, we will share the information you provide with our Corporate Service Management service. This is so that we can support you whilst you are using the NHS login service.
How long we store your personal information
We store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary and legally justifiable. The length of time we store your information for will depend on legal, regulatory or technical requirements. In any event, we follow the Records Management Code of Practice for Health and Social Care (2016). The retention periods are explained here.
User accounts
You can delete your account at any time.
NHS login will delete:
low and medium level verified accounts that have not been accessed for 2 years and 30 days
high level verified accounts that have not been accessed for 10 years
NHS login will email users in advance to tell them if they need to access their account to keep it active. They will send this to the email registered for the NHS login account.
If your account is deleted, you will need to verify your identity again if you want to use NHS login.
ID
verification evidence
Information processed as part of your
ID
verification for high-level identity verification will be stored for six months, starting from the date we verify the details on your account. This is true whether or not such verification is successful, and whether or not your account remains open. After this, your proof of identity information will be securely deleted.
We may retain some extracts from your submitted ID document, such as the plain text data on the document and not the photo, for longer than six months to support our ID checker training. The ID checker training material is stored securely and separately from the ID verification evidence submitted by you.
Log data
After an action is logged, we will store this general log data for one year. For example, an IP address that shows activity like webpage access, account login requests and login attempts.
Audit event information
We store audit event information for 8 years from the event taking place.
Audit event information lets us record:
who verifies the identity evidence you provide
when the
ID
verification took place
the result of the
ID
verification
when identity evidence is to be deleted
details of the person verified
deletion requests and who made them
Where your personal information is stored and processed
We (including all processors) securely store and process your information in the EEA. We will make sure your information is given the level of protection required by law and NHS policies.
Cookies
We put small files called cookies onto your device, like your mobile phone or computer. We put strictly necessary cookies on your device for NHS login to work.
Read more about cookies
Your rights
Data protection laws provide you with a number of rights which you can exercise by contacting the appropriate Data Controller. NHS login does not hold any medical information but does hold the personal information described earlier to establish your identification.
These general rights allow you to:
request a copy of your personal information by completing a
subject access request form
change your information if it is wrong or incomplete
request your personal information is deleted – if you believe it is no longer needed, though we may not be able to delete your information if there is a legal reason for us to not delete it
request a restriction on the use of your personal information – if it is wrong and would like it to be changed before being used again
Complaints
We will investigate and attempt to resolve any data privacy objections and complaints relating to your NHS login account.
We will make every reasonable effort to allow you to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and within the timescales provided by data protection laws.
You can contact our Data Protection Office to make a complaint:
By email
enquiries@nhsdigital.nhs.uk
By post
Data Protection Officer
7 and 8 Wellington Place
Leeds
West Yorkshire
LS1 4AP
We ask that you try to resolve any issues with us first, although you have the right to complain about how we process your personal information. You can do this by emailing
enquiries@nhsdigital.nhs.uk
or you can go through the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO is the regulator for data protection.
Our legal basis for using your information
If you are a user from England
The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has directed NHS England to establish and operate the NHS login service in England. This legal direction is known as the
NHS login Directions 2021
. Under these Directions, NHS England is a joint controller with the Department of Health and Social Care for this service.
Our legal basis to process personal data and special categories of personal data to provide this service in England is:
UK GDPR Article 6(1)(a) – consent (if you agree to non-essential cookies or agree to take part in user research).
UK GDPR Article 6(1)(c) – legal obligation.
UK GDPR Article 9(2)(h) – management of health or social care systems and services and Data Protection Act 2018, Schedule 1, part 1, paragraph 2 – health or social care purposes.
UK GDPR Article 9(2)(g) – substantial public interest and Data Protection Act 2018, Schedule 1, Part 2, Paragraph 6 – Statutory etc. and government purposes.
If you are a user from Wales
Digital Health and Care Wales (DHCW)
has requested NHS England to provide NHS login services to residents of Wales that register for an NHS login account in the NHS Wales App. This is known as the
NHS login for the NHS Wales App request 2022
.
DHCW has also requested NHS England to provide the NHS login service as an authentication and identification method for residents of Wales to access services delivered by third party suppliers on behalf of health providers in Wales (Third Party Connected Services). This is known as the
NHS login for health services supplied by third party Apps in Wales Request 2024
.
In order for you to use NHS login in DHCW’s NHS Wales App and in Third Party Connected Services, you will be asked to share your personal data from your NHS login account with DHCW and/or the Third Party Connected Service. If you agree, our legal basis to share your information with DHCW is s261(5)(d) of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 and our legal basis to share your information with the Third Party Connected Service is s261(2)(c) of the Health and Social Care Act 2012.
Our legal basis to process personal data and special categories of personal data to provide this service in Wales is:
UK GDPR Article 6(1)(a) – consent (if you agree to non-essential cookies or agree to take part in user research).
UK GDPR Article 6 (1)(e) – public task.
UK GDPR Article 9(2)(g) – substantial public interest and Data Protection Act 2018, Schedule 1, Part 2, Paragraph 6 – Statutory etc. and government purposes.
If you are a user from the Isle of Man
The
Isle of Man Department of Health and Social Care (IOMDHSC)
has requested NHS England to provide the NHS App and NHS login to Isle of Man residents that register for an account. This request is known as the
Isle of Man Access to the NHS App Request 2021
.
Our legal basis to process personal data and special categories of personal data to provide this service in the Isle of Man is:
UK GDPR Article 6(1)(a) – consent (if you agree to non-essential cookies or agree to take part in user research).
UK GDPR Article 6 (1)(e) – public task
UK GDPR Article 9(2)(g) – substantial public interest and Data Protection Act 2018, Schedule 1, Part 2, Paragraph 6 – Statutory etc. and government purposes.
Changes to our privacy notice
Our privacy notice may change. The latest version of our privacy notice will be accessible through NHS login. We will inform you through NHS login if we make any material changes to our privacy notice, cookies policy or terms and conditions.
Our policies
Terms and conditions
Your privacy on NHS login
Cookies on NHS login
You need to
enable JavaScript to access NHS login on your browser