Privacy Policy
Dogbyte Games is committed to not collecting personally identifiable or sensitive information about you.
	   We do not ask for your full name, email address, phone number or other personally identifiable as part of gameplay. 
	   The application does collect some non-sensitive, anonymous data as outlined below:
Data collected for Advertising (Free Games only)
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications.
	   Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity.
Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob:
Privacy Policy
Chartboost:
Privacy Policy
Unity Ads:
Privacy Policy
Why collect data?
By collecting data on app usage and about your device and Generic geographic location, such as the city you are located in, we are better able to integrate updates,
	   implement device specific testing, explore localisation opportunities and make better games that are tailored to our user's needs.
When we offer our games as free-to-play, we still require the game to generate income to help fund development costs and efforts to make the best game possible. 
	   Advertising is one way we can help cover our costs, and in order to implement relevant advertising a certain amount of non-sensitive information is required by each ad network.
IMPORTANT! By installing and playing our games you agree our privacy policy and data collection directive.
If you have any questions or concerns you can contact us at
support@dogbytegames.com
Last updated 24 May 2018 for GDPR compliance
iPhone
&
Android
games by
Dogbyte Games 2019
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 2
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools