Retro Dreamer |  Privacy Policy
Last Revised: May 24, 2018
Retro Dreamer ("Company", "we" or "Retro Dreamer") has adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how Retro Dreamer collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Retro Dreamer's mobile applications, services, and websites (collectively, "Services"). Retro Dreamer respects the privacy of the users of their Services ("User" "your" or "you") and is committed to empowering Users to exercise control over their personal information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how and when we collect personal information, how we treat it, and how you can exercise control over your personal information. You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect when you use our Services. You also have a right to request that we delete any personal information of yours that we have collected and/or for you to access such personal information.
Retro Dreamer reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy as reasonably necessary, so please review it frequently. We will post any modifications or changes to the Policy on retrodreamer.com. At all times, however, we will only process your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. For the purpose of EU data protection laws, the data controller is Retro Dreamer, Attn: Data Protection Officer, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, CA 91786. Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@retrodreamer.com or write to Retro Dreamer, Attn: Privacy Policy Issues, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, CA 91786.
Section A: App Privacy Policy
PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE THEM, AND ANY PART THEREOF, FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence ("Kid"), please ask your legal guardian for permission to access the Apps after your legal guardian reviews this Privacy Policy. Retro Dreamer encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience. If you are a legal guardian of a Kid and you believe that your Kid has provided us Personal Information, please contact us at contact@retrodreamer.com and we will delete such information from our servers.
1. Personal Information
While the Apps are being used by our Users, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" includes the following information:
Online contact information;
A screen or user name that functions as online contact information;
A persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a User over time and across different websites or online services, including a cookie number, an IP address, a processor or device serial number, or a unique device identifier;
Geolocation information sufficient to identify a User's street name and name of a city or town;  or
Any other data that can be used, alone or in connection with other personal data, to identify or contact a User as determined under applicable laws and/or regulations.
Retro Dreamer does not directly collect and store on its servers any Personal Information from Users of the Apps. Further, Retro Dreamer has taken commercially reasonable steps to ensure that third party providers of certain products and services, such as advertising networks, web analytics services, distributors, and game centers, etc. ("Third Parties"), fully comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws or regulations. But Retro Dreamer does not have access to or control of the Third Parties' technologies.  Any question about Third Parties' privacy practices and policies should be directed to such Third Party (as further identified in this Privacy Policy).
2. Offline Use
For certain Apps, Retro Dreamer allows an offline use (i.e., without Internet connection). Offline use of Apps will preclude the collection by Retro Dreamer and/or Third Parties of any information pertaining to you and/or your use (including, as applicable, information pertaining to your Kid and his/her use) of the  Apps.
3. Using Game Center Features
Our Apps may permit use of certain game center features. The game center features are operated to allow for social integration with certain third party platforms ("Platform").
These Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by Retro Dreamer. Your use of the game center features is subject to the applicable Platform's terms of use and privacy policies, as identified below.
Apple Game Center:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not use the Apps.
Section B: Privacy Policy for Website Visitors
Visitors to websites operated by Retro Dreamer, including without limitation Retrodreamer.com, sneeziesgame.com, and monstersandmonocles.com (collectively, the "Sites"), may choose to interact with the Sites in ways that result in Retro Dreamer collecting Personal Information. The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, the Sites collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with the Sites.
Our website hosting partners receive data from the Sites solely to assist Retro Dreamer in the operation of the Sites. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time a User accesses a web page on any of the Sites, including access through the Apps or any other Service. When you access a Site, our website hosting partners automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We do not link this automatically-collected data to any User's personally identifiable information.
Retro Dreamer and its website hosting partners may utilize this data to monitor the Sites' performance, to optimize the content of the Sites, and to detect malfunctions or malicious behavior. Retro Dreamer will not share its detailed log files with any third parties, unless we are required to transfer such data by law.
Section C: Additional Privacy Policies
Steam Games (including Monsters & Monocles):
http://retrodreamer.com/mm_privacy.html
Games in iOS Kids category:
http://retrodreamer.com/icjfk_privacy.html
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://retrodreamer.com/mm_privacy.html:
Retro Dreamer |  Steam Games Privacy Policy
Last Revised: May 24, 2018
Retro Dreamer ("Company", "we", "us", or "Retro Dreamer") has adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how Retro Dreamer collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Retro Dreamer's games available via the Steam platform operated by Valve Corporation (collectively, "Services" or "Steam Games").
Retro Dreamer respects the privacy of the users of their Services ("User" or "you") and is committed to protecting the User's information. You have a right to know our practices regarding the information that we or third-parties may collect and use when you use our Services. By using the Steam Games you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms of this Privacy Policy, including how we and third-parties may collect and/or use your personal information.
Retro Dreamer reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy as reasonably necessary, so please review it frequently. We will post any modifications or changes to the Policy on retrodreamer.com. At all times, however, we will only process your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. For the purpose of EU data protection laws, you may contact our data controller at Retro Dreamer, Attn: Data Protection Officer, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, CA 91786. Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@retrodreamer.com or write to Retro Dreamer, Attn: Privacy Policy Issues, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, CA 91786.
Section A: Steam Games Privacy Policy
1. General Terms of Use
This Steam Games Privacy Policy is designated to provide you guidance regarding Retro Dreamer's privacy policies and principles with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information regarding Users who are using our Steam Games.
Note:  The Steam Games are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children under 13 years of age or a minor under any applicable law  ("Kid"). Retro Dreamer does not knowingly collect or process Personal Information from Kids. We encourage parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience. If you are a legal guardian of a Kid and you believe that your Kid has provided us Personal Information, please contact us at contact@retrodreamer.com and we will delete such information from our servers.
Retro Dreamer does not collect or share personal information from Users of the Steam Games. The Steam platform, however, is created and maintained by Valve Corporation, which is not affiliated with and/or controlled by Retro Dreamer.
Your consent and use of the Steam Games is subject to Steam's terms of use and privacy policies, which are located at:
http://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
You should ensure that you read Steam's terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they collect and use your Personal Information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services.
If you do not agree to the practices described in Steam's terms of use, you should not play the Steam Games.
Retro Dreamer may access certain non-identifiable and anonymous information from Users of our Steam Games ("Non-personal Data"). Non-personal Data which may be collected may include, for example, aggregate data, technical information, statistical information and behavioral information, and may contain, among other things, device type, type and version of operating system, network provider, browser identifiers, type of browser, screen resolution, session information, SDK version, API key, time spent playing, browser cookies, levels achieved, application version, in-app purchases, network status, local and time zone, and the activities of the User in the Steam Games. This Non-personal Data may be collected, stored and/or processed by Steam and/or third party providers of certain products and services associated with Steam ("Third Party(ies)"). Retro Dreamer is not aware of the identity of the User from whom Non-personal Data has been collected.
2. Collection of User Information
Non-personal Data may be collected through your use of the Steam Games. In other words, when you are using the Steam Games, Retro Dreamer and Third Parties are aware of it and may gather and collect, including without limitation, through such Third Parties' SDK embedded in our Steam Games, the information relating to such usage. In addition, local Non-personal Data may also be stored on your device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Steam Games, such as "cookies" and local storage. Please review Steam's terms of use and privacy policies to understand Steam may collect and use "cookies" and similar technologies and to understand the methods for changing your privacy or sharing settings on the Steam platform.
Additionally, Retro Dreamer may collect personal information through direct interaction, communication, or social media, including without limitations, leaderboards and mailing lists.
3. Sharing Information with Third Parties
Retro Dreamer may make Non-Personal Data and personal information available to third parties under the following circumstances:
(1) with your express consent;
(2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law;
(3) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets.
Your consent will not be required for disclosure in the foregoing circumstances, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
4. Using Game Center Features and Social Features
Our Steam Games permit using certain game center features and may include social features. The game center and social features are operated on third party application platforms ("Platforms") or allow for social integration with certain third party social networks ("Social Networks"). The Platforms and Social Networks, including Steam, are open communities where you can consent to your gameplay information including without limitation your user name, social media profile picture, game activity/statistics, multiplayer match information (including player-to-player communications), and leaderboard rankings being publicly posted and shared within the Steam Games, on the Platform or Social Networks, and/or third-party games or web pages.
Retro Dreamer does not collect or share information that we know directly and clearly identifies you (such as your real name or email address). The Platforms and Social Networks, however, are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by Retro Dreamer. Your consent and use of game center and/or social features is subject to the applicable third party Social Network's or Platform's terms of use and privacy policies, as identified below.
Steam:
http://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
)
You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they collect and use your Personal Information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow our Steam Games to interact with such Social Networks or Platforms, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by our Steam Games. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party Social Network or Platform, you may share data with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements in connection with your use of the Steam Games.
By using any social and/or game center features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable Social Networks or Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as your IP address, Non-personal Data and may set cookies and/or other web tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the social and/or game center features. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social and/or game center features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via Social Networks or Platforms that your content may become public and any person may re-post-it.
5. User Generated Modifications
Certain Steam Games available on Steam allow you and other users to develop, upload and distribute user generated modifications to the Steam Games ("User Mods"), via the Steam Workshop. Your use of the Steam Workshop and/or creation of User Mods is subject to the applicable Steam terms of use, as set forth in the Steam Subscriber Agreement, which can be found at the following link:
http://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement
When you upload or submit User Mods to Steam Games, you convey to Retro Dreamer the right for Retro Dreamer and its affiliates to communicate, distribute, host, publicly display, market, reproduce, store and use the User Mods. Retro Dreamer may modify, prevent access to, delete, or refuse to display User Mods that we believe violate the law or which are uploaded for any purpose not reasonably intended for the Steam Games (within Retro Dreamer's independent discretion).  However, Retro Dreamer has no obligation to monitor or review any User Mods uploaded or submitted to the Steam Games. By uploading or submitting User Mods to any Steam Games, you are assuming all risk of liability from any legal violation or claim for damages arising from the User Mods. Retro Dreamer is not responsible for the content of any User Mods and denies all liability associated with the User Mods. Your use of User Mods through any Steam Games is at your own risk.
6. Data Protection Rights
Certain Users, including Users located within the European Economic Area, have statutory rights concerning the retention of their Personal Information. Subject to any exceptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to your Personal Information, or to delete, update, or correct such Personal Information.  Users may control the collection of most Personal Information through the Steam Games through sharing and privacy settings provided by Steam and/or any other applicable Platforms or Social Networks. Please contact us for assistance concerning any Personal Information that you believe has been directly collected or retained by Retro Dreamer.
For more Retro Dreamer Privacy Policies, such as for visitors to our websites or users of our mobile applications, please visit
http://retrodreamer.com/privacy.html
).
Sub-policy 1
http://retrodreamer.com/icjfk_privacy.html:
Retro Dreamer |  Privacy Policy Governing Listed For Kids Apps
This Privacy Policy applies to the following Retro Dreamer mobile applications (“For Kids Apps”):
Ice Cream Jump for Kids (iOS platform)
Wash the Dishes! (iOS platform)
Cat Basket for Kids (iOS platform)
Ice Cream Flap for Kids (iOS platform)
Tappy Pop for Kids (iOS platform)
The For Kids Apps are only available on Apple’s iOS platform and are free of advertisements and external links.
Our Kids Apps incorporate Apple Game Center (“Game Center”) features. Your use of the Game Center features is subject to Apple’s terms of use and privacy policies.
Apple Game Center:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
Except as explained above, Retro Dreamer does not directly or indirectly collect any personal information from users of the For Kids Apps. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address from any user, including without limitation children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent (if the user is a child under 13) or remove the information.
To review Retro Dreamer’s privacy policy governing its other apps, websites, and services, please refer to:
http://retrodreamer.com/privacy.html
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or any Retro Dreamer privacy policy, please contact us at
contact@retrodreamer.com
or write to Privacy Policy Issues, Retro Dreamer, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, California 91786.
This privacy policy was last updated on 12/17/2015. This privacy policy may change from time to time. Please revisit it regularly.