SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
SOLUTIONS
Creating apps we love to use
Explore
OUR SERVICES
OUR SERVICES
From idea to reality.
Wireframing - UI - UX - Coding.
PROTOTYPING
Visualize your idea...
After all a picture is worth a thousand words!
DEVELOPMENT
Our apps are beautiful inside and outside. Sometimes we make T-shirts with our code.
It is THAT beautiful.
pssst... you can ask for one if you like
!
QUALITY ASSURANCE
No bugs allowed at MEDIWARE. We make sure your app is running as smooth as possible
AFTERCARE SUPPORT
Maintenance and support, after development is completed. We keep your app in pristine condition!
Get in touch
APPS
Impossible is nothing...
CT Anatomy
"Best Radiology Mobile App" 2015 by AuntMinnie.com
iRad Xrays
"
I think it is no exaggeration to say that this [app] will revolutionize how radiologic technologists learn and review proper positioning for the various plain film x-ray radiographic examinations being performed throughout the body today.
"
​
E. Kanal, MD, FACR, FISMRM, MRMD, MRSE
ABOUT
US
Our team of dedicated and top developers has more than 20 years experience in 3D, Augmented Reality (AR) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) . Combined with our pixel perfect designs we offer beautiful products for your business.
​
We specialize in the
medical
software development following closely the
ISO13485
standard.
​
MEDIWARE CY is an award winning company that has won "
Best Radiology Mobile app for 2015
" by AuntMinnie.com for our own designed & developed CT Anatomy app.
​
We pride ourselves on delivering fast, but highly professional and accurate apps in all range of businesses.
ABOUT US
Contact us
CYPRUS
27 Despoinas & Nikou Pattichi
3071
Limassol
I (i) give my consent for MEDIWARE CY to process my personal data pursuant to
Privacy and Cookies Policy
in order to handle my request and respond to it and (ii) agree that, due to the international presence of MEDIWARE CY, such processing may take place in a jurisdiction different from my home jurisdiction. I am aware that I have the right to withdraw my consent at any time, (iii) agree to be contacted by MEDIWARE representatives with regards my enquiry.
Submit
Thanks for submitting!
CONTACT US
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.itransition.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy notice
Introduction
Personal info we collect & use
Purposes of use
Cookies
Who may access your data
Transfers to third countries
Rights in relation to your data
Right to lodge a complaint
Retention of your data
Automated decisions
Contact Itransition
Introduction
Itransition is fully committed to ensuring the privacy of your personal data.

Itransition is a group of companies (collectively hereinafter referred to as «Itransition»). Each member of Itransition is a separate legal entity that depending on the purposes of processing may act as controller of the personal data you submitted, including through this website. The list of Itransition companies as well as contact details you may find by clicking button Contact us in the upper right corner of our website.

As used in this Privacy Notice «Itransition», «we», «our» and «us» refer to Itransition that may process your personal data.

This Privacy Notice describes how the members of Itransition collect and use your personal data and specifies information about your rights in relation to such processing.
Personal information we collect and use
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information contained in any communication that you send to us through this website, including contact form, live chat or otherwise (e.g. name, email address, phone number, company name you work for or own, country where you reside or work etc.);
information that you provide to us when contacting our company or using our services, (e.g. name, email address, phone number, postal address);
information you provide to us when applying for a job and/or submitting your CV (e.g. name, contact details, date of birth, work experience, education and trainings etc.);
information from your public profile on social media networks or data you share when engaging with us on social media channels (depending on your privacy settings);
responses to surveys, feedback or other information you provide related to marketing preferences or promotional activities;
details of your visits to our website such as the pages you visited, the date, time and duration of your visit and/or your IP address as well as the browser you use and its version, your operating system and its version, your city and state. This information may be collected by using cookies, as explained further under the heading «Cookies» below;
any other personal information that you provide to us at your own discretion (e.g. you may provide contacts if you want to participate in our events).
We may obtain your personal data from third party – our current/potential clients, suppliers, business partners where it is needed to provide our services or perform related duties (e.g. carry out the necessary procedures in order to sign the contract with legal entity you represent). The categories of personal data processed by us in relation to this matter are generally: name, surname, e-mail, phone number, position.
Itransition aim is to collect only the minimum information required to handle and complete your request or to reach other purposes for which Itransition processes your personal data. If you believe Itransition website have collected excessive information about you, please contact Itransition through the contact form to raise your concerns.
Itransition does not intend to collect sensitive information through its website unless it is legally required to do so. Examples of sensitive information include race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, genetic data, biometric data, sexual life or sexual orientation, and criminal records. Itransition kindly asks you do not provide sensitive data of such nature when using our website.
Purposes for which Itransition collects and uses your personal data
Itransition may use your personal data depending on the context of our relations. Our purposes in relation to personal data we have can be divided into several types based on the following legal grounds:
Itransition legitimate interest
if you have contacted us through this website, we may process the information you provided to us to be able to respond to your inquiry, to organize the meeting/call or to perform other action regarding your inquiry.
Our legitimate interest is to provide you with appropriate information and meet the expectations due to your request in the effective and shortest way.
if you are an employee or representative of our client (current/potential), supplier or business partner we may process your data in order to establish a contact or business relationship.
Our legitimate interest is to develop business relations and communications, to provide our services to legal entity you represent or work for or provide you with information about our services. We may process such information to organize the signing of contracts, to perform due diligence and to comply with regulations and requirements regarding anti - corruption, anti - money laundering, sanctions etc.
your consent if you
are a visitor of our website we may by way of cookies process your visits to our website and pages you visited;
participate in our marketing campaigns or similar events;
are a candidate or intern that apply for a job through our website, we may process information you provide to us to assist you with suitable roles and potential employment or internship.
Please be informed that you may withdraw your consent at any time.
We may rely on other legal grounds if determined by applicable legislation.
Itransition does not collect or compile personally identifying information for sale to third parties for consumer marketing or other commercial purposes.
Cookies
As was mentioned on the entry page we use cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files that may be automatically placed on your computer/ other device and stored on it. The use of cookies is now standard for most website.

The first time that you visit our website, we notify you about using cookies through a notification banner. By clicking the button Accept you declare you consent of using cookies. You have capability to refuse (not accept) cookies. You can manage your choice regarding using cookies at the bottom of this section.

Please be informed cookies are placed on your computer/device only if you provide your consent as described above.
Itransition collects details of your visits by using web analytic services such as Google Analytics in order to record and analyze how visitors use Itransition website as well as to improve visitors’ experience. Google Analytics places and uses cookies that allow Itransition to track website traffic and users’ interaction with Itransition website.

Cookies in live chats allow Itransition to see the pages you visit, the browser you use and its version, your operating system and its version, your IP address as well as your city and state. This technology helps Itransition compile analytics to improve its website and its functionality.

Itransition may use cookies to record your consents on its website (e.g. the consent to the use of cookies).
You can learn more about cookies by visiting
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
We use the following categories of cookies:
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies allow a site to remember choices you make. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. They don’t gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remembering where you’ve been on the Internet outside our site.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies are generally third-party cookies from vendors we work with or who work on our behalf that collect information about your visit and use of the Itransition website. Information collected includes, for example, browsers and operating systems used, domain name of the website previously visited, number of visits, average duration of visit, and pages viewed. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how the website works. Third party vendors may have access to this data and may use it to improve their overall services and offerings.
Advertising and Social Media Cookies
Third-party advertising and social media cookies are used to (1) deliver advertisements more relevant to you and your interests; (2) limit the number of times you see an advertisement; (3) help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign; and (4) understand people’s behavior after they view an advertisement. They are usually placed on behalf of advertising networks with the site operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a site and quite often they will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
Please note that if you disable/refuse cookies, Itransition website or their parts may become inaccessible, not function properly or you may not be able to use some of the interactive features of Itransition website.
Who may access your personal data
We may disclose your personal data not only among Itransition companies but also to our auditors, supervisory agencies, government bodies/organizations or others authorities to the extent required by applicable law also as well as to third - party providers such as Google Ads, Google Tag Manager, Drift to maintain and improve our website and advertising campaigns.
Google, Inc.
[USA].Address: Google, Google Data Protection Office 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
[USA].Address: 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal.
Drift.com, Inc.
[USA].Address: Boston, 222 Berkeley St.Floor 7, MA 02116.
Itransition works only with those third-party providers that are bound to maintain appropriate levels of security and confidentiality, to process personal data only as instructed by Itransition and to impose the same obligations on their sub-processors.
Transfers to third countries
Itransition is a multinational group of companies. For this reason, depending on the purpose of processing your personal data may be transferred to and stored outside the country where you are located. This includes countries outside the United Kingdom/European Economic Area with no adequate level of personal data protection (third countries).

You may ask Itransition to check the type of data to be processed and which country it will be transferred to in regard to your particular case.

As some of the countries where our offices are situated are not yet recognized by the European Commission as countries with an adequate level of personal data protection, these offices have access to personal data on the basis of instruments that cover the European Union and/or United Kingdom requirements for the transfer of personal data to data controllers/processors outside the European Economic Area/United Kingdom. You may ask Itransition to inspect copies of this document.
Rights in relation to your personal data
Under United Kingdom, European Union legislation, including Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), you may exercise the rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you, including the following:
Your right of access -
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification -
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure -
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances as provided in Article 17 GDPR.
Your right to restriction of processing -
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in the cases stipulated by Article 18 GDPR.
Your right to object to processing -
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstancesas described in Article 21 GDPR.
The right to withdraw consent.
Where we process personal data based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
If you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the law, you as a data subject have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the United Kingdom or in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement the privacy.
Retention of your personal data
Personal data that we are processing will be kept no more than 2 (two) years or until the consent is revoked or you have objected to such processing. Nevertheless, the specified storage periods can be changed (prolonged or shortened) if required by applicable law or in order to defend our legal rights.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice solely to all visitors, users and others who reside in the State of California ("consumer" or "you") and explains how Itransition collect, use and disclose personal information subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”).  This CCPA Privacy Notice also describes the privacy rights of California consumers and how they can exercise those rights.
 
The CCPA may apply to personal information we collect in connection with providing our services to businesses.   
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household. 

The purposes for which we collect and use personal information depend on our relationship or interaction with a specific consumer and described in the heading “Personal data we collect”.

Itransition does not sell your personal information under the CCPA because we do not disclose personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.

California residents, among other rights, may exercise the following in relation to the personal information we hold:
Right to request the categories of personal data that have been collected.
Right to remove personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain limitations under applicable law.
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information. If a business sells personal information as defined under the CCPA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. As explained above, we do not and will not sell or disclose your personal information.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information in order to provide our services and, therefore, are not required to offer consumers a right to limit its use.
If you would like to make a request or inquiry regarding your rights, contact us via
privacy@itransition.com
.
We will respond to your request within one month.
Automated decisions
We do not use automated decision-making including profiling.
Contact information
If you have any questions or requests regarding this Privacy Notice or the processing of your personal data by us, you can contact us through e-mail
privacy@itransition.com
.
This Privacy Notice may be changed. We will provide the updated version on our website.
Contact us
Sales and general inquires
info@itransition.com
Want to join Itransition?
Explore careers
Contact us
Full name
Full name
E-mail
E-mail
Phone number
Phone number
Company
Company
How can we help you?
How can we help you?
Please be informed that when you click the Send button Itransition Group will process your personal data in accordance with our
Privacy notice
for the purpose of providing you with appropriate information.
Attach file
The total size of attachments should not exceed 10 MB.
Allowed types:
jpg
jpeg
png
gif
doc
docx
ppt
pptx
pdf
txt
rtf
odt
ods
odg
odp
xls
xlsx
xlxs
vcf
vcard
key
rar
zip
7z
gz
gzip
tar
Send
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience and for web analytics purposes. Read our
Privacy notice
to learn more or
to change your cookie preferences
. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies.
I agree
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mediware.cy/privacy:
top of page
PRIVACY POLICY
MEDIWARE CY LTD ("MEDIWARE CY" or "we") respects the privacy of its users ("you") and has developed this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. During the course of our activities we will collect, store and process data about you. The use and share of your data by us and your choices about such processes are described in this Privacy Policy. Please read this document carefully before you use our website, software, applications, our official social media pages that we control, or other mobile interactive features (each our "Service", together our "Services"). As we are based and processing data in the EU, this Privacy Policy is developed, and your data is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: legal@mediware.cy
## Data We May Collect and How We Use It
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, we may collect, store, retain, parse and process: "Personal Data" meaning information that identifies you as an individual, such as your name, user name, title, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number (including home and mobile phone numbers), email address, ip address, company you work for and their address, credit and debit card number, avatar picture, country of residence, signature, and non-personally identifiable data ("Other Data"), meaning any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as: browser and device information, license ID and type, operating system and uptime, app version and bundle ID, language used, server log file information, the name of your host or the domain name of the website that referred you to ours, app usage data, site data, demographic information, information collected through cookies, anonymous app usage data and other information provided by you.
MEDIWARE App(s)
At activation of the app as a technical requirement to run the service we collect the following Other Data: Model and version of the device used Device ID, name, model License ID and type Operating System version and uptime App version and Bundle ID Language used Product Development Support
In order to improve our products, we collect non-personal behavioral framework events such (for example in Horos Mobile™ app, when a user adds a study or views a study type). The purpose of such information is for us to gauge the frequency of use so that we can help prioritize development improvements. We use Google Firebase to collect and store the information. As we only use this data for statistical analysis and development improvement, we do not combine it with other data or information.
MEDIWARE Website
Traffic Analysis For traffic analysis purposes, we collect our website's visitors' Other Data of mouse activity coordinates and their IP address. For collecting this information, we may use cookies and similar technology like pixel tags. As we only use this data for statistical analysis, marketing and website improvement, we do not combine it with other data or information.
We also collect website visitors' Other Data via the Google Analytics platform provided by Google, Inc., a US-based company, for purposes of analyzing and interpreting how our visitors interact with our website. We track data such as what pages a visitor has viewed, whether a prospective customer has started one of our contact forms, whether a prospective customer has completed one of our contact forms and segmenting this data out depending on which of our various platforms such prospective customer is interested in. Further, with Google Analytics User-ID, we also track a unique per device random ID assigned through the service to visitors. All of this data is anonymized so that we have no way of determining the exact source of the data. Google may disclose this data to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you decline cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. By using our website, you agree to the processing of collected data in the manner and for the reasons described above.
We also collect website visitors' Personal Data and Other Data via Intercom, Inc, a US-based company, interactive customer communication service for purposes of analyzing and interpreting how visitors interact with our website. Some of the data collected are the pages visited by a prospective customer and a prospective customer's email address if a customer communication is initiated by the prospective customer. Intercom also assigns a random unique user ID to every visitor that accesses a page with the service activated on it. For more information about the data collected by the service, please visit www.intercom.com/privacy.
Technical Support
For the purpose of providing support for our applications and our web service we collect and store your email address as well as any additional information that is included in support requests. As a means to properly deal with incoming support requests, we may need to use the submitted information (email address) to contact you in order to gain further information, if necessary.
We may collect Personal Data and Other Data you provide us with or which we obtain from your device or activities by using our Services, e.g. through our website, subscribing to our mailing lists, contacting our customer service and other sources like social media platforms.
To optimize your experience while you are using our Services, we collect data by using cookies. We use Cookies to automatically collect certain Other Data such as the browser and device you are using, the hostname, the website that has referred you to us, language, settings, etc. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or device. They are used in various ways, e.g. to analyze users' behavior on a website or for personalization reasons based on the user's preferences.
In the section above, we have explained which tools we use exactly and how you can either delete them if they are already placed on your computer or decline their use. However, you might not be able to use some features of our Services properly if you decide to block or delete cookies.
We may place links and plug-ins from plug-in providers such as Facebook, Google, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Intercom, Google Play Store, Apple Store, or certain media on our website. However, these services may use their own cookies or web beacons to collect information about users who interact with links to their websites.
If you visit our website, your browser connects directly with the servers of plug-in providers and the content of the plug-in may be directly generated and incorporated on our website by your browser. Therefore, plug-in providers may be enabled to track and connect your visit and activities on our website with your profile set on such plug-in provider's website. Any information about interactions such as comments or the use of "like-buttons" may be directly transmitted to the plug-in providers' websites and may be stored by the relevant plug-in provider. If you want to avoid such transmission and storage of your data, you may prevent this by logging out of your relevant profiles with plug-in providers before using the plug-in. For further information about the purpose and extent of data usage and processing by plug-in providers on our website, please find the relevant providers' privacy policies below:
www.facebook.com/policy.php policies.google.com/privacy
www.intercom.com/privacy
www.twitter.com/privacy
www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/nz/terms.html
We use all the above obtained data in order to customize and to improve our Services and to evaluate effectiveness of our content, advertising, programming or other activities.
MEDIWARE Web Services
With licensing the MEDIWARE CY SDK, we store the email address submitted to us. We may use it to send you important notifications regarding the Service and its use. In addition, we connect your email address with the information we collected at activation of the App for support purposes. You agree that with registration to the Service, we may store that email address connected with the information referred to above in our systems in order to serve important notifications regarding the Service and its use and for support purposes. If a document is uploaded to a MEDIWARE CY service, we additionally store your IP-address for technical reasons. Moreover, the document you upload gets publicly available. Therefore, we are not able to guarantee confidentiality of any information contained in these documents. Hence, please consider carefully what you upload. On the basis of this information, you consent to public availability of the information you upload to
MEDIWARE
web services. We store your Personal Information with adequate protection. Our servers, on which we store this information, are located within the European Economic Area (EEA). We generally do not store your Personal Information longer as absolutely necessary to provide the Service to you. At termination of the Service towards you we will delete any Personal Information we collected from you without undue delay, unless further storage of such Information is required for a valid purpose. Please be aware that an encrypted storage of your Personal Information in our back-up system might be necessary for technical reasons for a period of 6 months from the termination of the Service.
How We Use Collected Data
We limit the collection of Personal Data and Other Data to the amount required to review, analyze, adapt and improve quality of our Services, products, advertising, customer support, fraud fighting, testing and calibration of our Services, for verification of your eligibility and credit report and to inform you about changes and news to our Services.
All Personal Data collected will only be processed by our employees to the extent needed except otherwise explained in this Privacy Policy. Personal Data will not be disclosed to third parties unless it is necessary for execution of your order, in particular for delivery of products or services by logistic partners, for investigating your credit status and the handling of payments, if you have granted us permission to do so or if the disclosure is permitted by law. By handling of payments, we use and protect your data with respect to and in compliance with the PCI DSS 3.1 standards by the PCI Security Standards Council.
In case we buy or sell any business or asset, we may disclose Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. Further we may disclose Personal Data to third parties, if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party and Personal Data will be one of the transferred assets.
We may process and disclose Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply any contract with you, to protect our legitimate business rights, property, or safety of our employees, customers, or others.
We may combine Personal Data and Other Data we collect with additional data from other sources. We may share Personal Data and Other Data to advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes.
If you subscribe to one of our mailing lists, we will use your email address, name, title and certain Other Data, for providing you with news about our Services. We use this data to keep you up to date about our product development, about the launch of new products, about what we writing about on our blog as well as conferences we attend to, etc. You may unsubscribe from our mailing lists by clicking the unsubscribe button in each of our emails or in your profile settings.
We will only use your data legally. If you believe that we are not using your data in a legal way or wish to inquire about your rights regarding your data you may do so by sending us an email at legal@mediware.cy.
MEDIWARE Email
Emails delivered to our email-addresses are stored on servers of inmotionhosting.com, a US-based company. inmotionhosting.com has bound itself to comply with the Safe Harbor Principles and, therefore, has obliged itself to comply with data protection principles similar to those governing within the EEA. However, according to its own policies, inmotionhosting.com may store Personal Information on serves of companies or in countries, which do not guarantee for an adequate level of data protection. Based on this information, when sending a message to the e- mail address named above you consent to the disclosure of the Personal Information contained therein to Google, Inc.
Data Retention
We will store your data as long as it is required for our business purposes respectively as it is required by law e.g. for tax and accounting reasons HIPAA compliance reasons.
Right to Information
MEDIWARE
is a CY limited liability company with registered office at 27 Despoinas & Nikou Pattichi, Limassol. You may request information about your data which is processed by us. Furthermore, you have the right to have your stored data corrected or deleted, if data is incorrect or has been processed contrary to the provisions of the Data Protection Act. Kindly note that we require proof of your identity before we may answer your request. Please send your request by email
legal@mediware.cy
or by postal mail to MEDIWARE CY, 27 Despoinas & Nikou Pattichi, Limassol, Cyprus.
Data Protection
In accordance with the Data Protection Act we will take appropriate security measures to ensure that your Personal Data will not be processed illegally, changed or deleted, duplicated, used by unauthorized third parties and will be prevented from accidental loss or damage. We will implement processes that guarantee the safety of your personal data from the time it is collected until the time it is deleted.
Use of Our Website by Minors
If you are 14 years old or even younger, we will need your parents/ legal guardian's consent before you submit data via our Services. It is not allowed to submit data without such consent. If we receive any such data, we will stop processing this data as soon as we are informed.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be published on this site. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we publish the revised Privacy Policy on our website. Your use of our website following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. Therefore, we ask you to review our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Data Subject Request
You may inquire as to your data subject rights, revoke your consent to this Privacy Policy as well as other rights such as the processing of your Personal Data in the future at any time by sending an email to legal@mediware.cy
bottom of page