Home
Geo Urdu
latest
pakistan
world
sports
showbiz
entertainment
business
health
Sci-Tech
Food
Fact Check
big picture
Videos
shows
Watch
Privacy Policy
Geo News (the “Company”) recognizes that its, visitors, customers, users, and others
                            (collectively or individually “Users”) who use geo.tv (the “Website” / "mobile
                            application") value their privacy. This Privacy Notice details important information
                            regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Geo News
                            Platforms.
Geo News provides this Privacy Notice to help you make an informed decision about whether to
                            use or continue using the Website. This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject
                            to our Terms of Use. Your use of the Geo News platforms and any personal information you
                            provide on the Geo News platforms remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and
                            our Terms of Use.
Please note that image, video, image, or other content posted at the direction of Users onto
                            the Geo News Platforms becomes published content and is not considered personally
                            identifiable information subject to this Privacy Notice.
-Cookies Information:
When you visit the Geo News platforms, we may send one or more cookies, a small text file
                            containing a string of alphanumeric characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies
                            your browser. The Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent
                            cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser
                            on subsequent visits to the Geo News Platforms. Persistent cookies can be removed by
                            following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and
                            disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all
                            cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Geo News
                            platforms may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
-Log File Information:
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit Geo News Platforms
                            (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet
                            Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, browser version, the pages of our
                            Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and
                            other statistics.
In addition, we use third party services such as Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager and
                            Google Fonts that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase
                            our Service’s functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy
                            policies addressing how they use such information.
-Clear GIFs Information:
When you use the Geo News Platforms, we may employ “clear GIFs” (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which
                            are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users anonymously (i.e., in a
                            non-personally-identifiable manner). In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based
                            emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
-The Way We Use Information
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Geo News Platforms, then
                            we will use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features
                            and functionality of the Geo News Platforms.
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send
                            commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific
                            program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may,
                            however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative
                            purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Geo News Platforms or for customer
                            service purposes).
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable
                            information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type,
                            clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new
                            features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User
                            preferences and trends.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you
                            will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Geo News
                            Platforms; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the
                            effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number
                            of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in
                            promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
When We Disclose Information
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with
                            other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or
                            except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to
                            opt-in or opt-out.
We do share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data,
                            referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested
                            third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content,
                            services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Geo News Platforms.
We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable
                            information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is
                            necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or
                            search warrant.
Geo News also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or
                            non-personally-identifiable information that the Company believes, in good faith, is
                            appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, in order to take precautions against
                            liability, to investigate and defend Company against any third-party claims or allegations,
                            to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our web
                            site, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Company, our Users or
                            others.
Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites
The Company allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve
                            advertisements within the Geo News Platforms. These third-party ad servers or ad networks
                            use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear
                            on the Geo News Platforms. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
                            They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to
                            measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content
                            you see.
The Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad
                            servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or
                            feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that
                            if an advertiser asks the Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience
                            segment and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that
                            you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also
                            use information regarding your use of the Geo News Platforms, such as the number of times
                            you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads
                            to deliver to you.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad
                            networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of
                            certain practices. The Company’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the
                            activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Our Commitment to Data Security
The Company uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to
                            preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure
                            or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Company and you do so at your
                            own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, the Company makes commercially
                            reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is
                            not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed
                            by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If the Company learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you
                            electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. The Company may post a
                            notice on the Website if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have
                            a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written
                            notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice)
                            you should notify us as provided in the section below, under the heading “Contact
                            Information”.
Changes and updates to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the "effective
                            date" below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes.
This Privacy Notice was last modified 8 th March 2024. Contact Information: Please contact
                            Geo News with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice on
                            service@immcorporate.com