English Grammar Application
homepage
Download on the App Store
Privacy Policy
Petr Kulaty built this app as a commercial app. This Service is provided by Petr Kulaty and is intended for use as is.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information that I need to provide and improve the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify how my Service is used.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Firebase
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy in this document. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted in this document.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
info@egrammarapps.com
.
Leave us your e-mail and we'll let you know about the latest updates.
© 2013
eGrammarApps
. Written by
Petr Kulaty
, developed by
Ondrej Hanak
.
	Contact us at
info@egrammarapps.com
.