App Pro Mobile
Apps
BLOG
About
Square FX with Shapes
March 2, 2021
You can easily fit full-size photo in square and post it to Instagram with SquareFX without cropping it. SquareFX also allows you easily move, rotate, scale, or flip the photo. You may also change the background of the photo to make it looks even more beautiful and awesome! You have different kinds of backgrounds to choose from the app including tons of
color backgrounds, gradient backgrounds, and beautiful patterns.
View on App Store
‍
Privacy Policy
The Date We Collect:
We do not track individual users in any way. We do not store any login information.
We use AdMob to provide advertisement service.
To improve the performance of AdMob, the Google Mobile Ads SDK may collect certain information from apps, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
Last updated on Feb 15, 2021
‍
Terms of Use
Users of the Services offered by SquareFX App acknowledge and accept these terms and conditions.
By accessing and using SquareFX App, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to bound by these Terms and the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept these Terms and the Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Services. We may modify these Terms and the Privacy Policy at any time and such modification will be effective upon posting to the Application.
You agree not to abuse, harass, stalk, intimidate, defame, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of any third party, or encourage others to commit violence.
‍
SquareFX App may add or remove functionalities or features in the normal course of improving, changing, and/or updating the Service. We may also suspend or stop our Service without notice.
Last updated on Feb 15, 2021
‍
ALL PHOTOS
Emoji Selfie
LivGIF
WallpaperSize
Valentines Day Counter Journal
Audio Sender - Voice Changer
Lovbox App
Air Smash Air Hockey
Cool Finger Faces
Bokeh Cam FX
Square FX with Shapes
Poster+