Δήλωση απορρήτου
Τελευταία Ενημέρωση: 11 Σεπτεμβρίου 2024
Η παρούσα δήλωση απορρήτου έχει ως στόχο να διευκρινίσει ποια προσωπικά δεδομένα επεξεργαζόμαστε, γιατί τα επεξεργαζόμαστε, ποιος λαμβάνει τα δεδομένα σας και πώς μπορείτε να ασκήσετε τα δικαιώματά σας.
Στην παρούσα Δήλωση Απορρήτου, ως "προσωπικά δεδομένα" νοείται κάθε πληροφορία που σας ταυτοποιεί άμεσα ως πρόσωπο (όπως ο συνδυασμός του πλήρους ονόματος και της διεύθυνσής σας) ή μπορεί να χρησιμοποιηθεί για την ταυτοποίησή σας ως πρόσωπο (όπως ένα αναγνωριστικό χρήστη που συνδέεται με την ταυτότητά σας). Ομοίως, ο όρος "επεξεργασία" αναφέρεται σε οποιαδήποτε ενέργεια που εκτελείται στα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα, όπως για παράδειγμα η συλλογή, αποθήκευση, χρήση, αποκάλυψη ή καταστροφή των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων.
Ποιοι είμαστε και πώς μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας;
Είμαστε η ONLINE DELIVERY ΜΟΝΟΠΡΟΣΩΠΗ Α.Ε. αλλά συνήθως χρησιμοποιούμε απλά το όνομα efood και βρισκόμαστε στη διεύθυνση Λεωφόρος Ηρακλείου 409, 141 22, Ηράκλειο Αττικής, Ελλάδα.
Όσον αφορά στην προστασία της ιδιωτικότητάς σας, εμείς αποφασίζουμε πώς και για ποιους σκοπούς γίνεται η επεξεργασία των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων. Στη γλώσσα της προστασίας των προσωπικών δεδομένων αυτό μας καθιστά "υπεύθυνο επεξεργασίας" (δηλαδή το μέρος που είναι υπεύθυνο για τον τρόπο επεξεργασίας των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων).
Εάν έχετε οποιεσδήποτε ερωτήσεις σχετικά με τον τρόπο επεξεργασίας των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων, μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε με την ομάδα προστασίας δεδομένων στο
privacy@e-food.gr
.
Ποιες κατηγορίες προσωπικών δεδομένων επεξεργαζόμαστε;
Όταν χρησιμοποιείτε την πλατφόρμα μας, επεξεργαζόμαστε προσωπικά δεδομένα που παρέχονται ενεργά από εσάς, συλλέγονται από τη συσκευή σας όταν αλληλεπιδράτε μαζί μας ή λαμβάνονται από τρίτα μέρη. Γενικότερα, επεξεργαζόμαστε τις ακόλουθες κατηγορίες προσωπικών δεδομένων:
Δεδομένα Λογαριασμού/ Προφίλ
συμπεριλαμβανομένων του ονόματος, της διεύθυνσης ηλεκτρονικού
ταχυδρομείου, του κωδικού πρόσβασης, του αριθμού τηλεφώνου, της χώρας,
του αναγνωριστικού χρήστη, της γλώσσας και άλλων ρυθμίσεων προφίλ σας
Δεδομένα Παραγγελίας και Παράδοσης
συμπεριλαμβανομένων των στοιχείων παράδοσης (π.χ. διεύθυνση παράδοσης,
ημερομηνία και ώρα παράδοσης, τύπος συλλογής), αναγνωριστικά
παραγγελίας, ιστορικό παραγγελιών, ονόματα και ποσότητες προϊόντων
Δεδομένα Τοποθεσίας
συμπεριλαμβανομένης της διεύθυνσης, του ταχυδρομικού κώδικα, της πόλης,
της χώρας, του γεωγραφικού μήκους και πλάτους
Πληροφορίες Συσκευής
συμπεριλαμβανομένων του αναγνωριστικού συσκευής, της διεύθυνσης IP, των
πληροφοριών συνεδρίας, των ρυθμίσεων διαμόρφωσης της συσκευής, του
λειτουργικού συστήματος, των αλληλεπιδράσεων με την πλατφόρμα, όπως τα
προϊόντα που προστίθενται στο καλάθι, και άλλων δεδομένων που
λαμβάνονται μέσω web-trackers (π.χ. cookies, SDKs, pixels)
Δεδομένα Πληρωμής
συμπεριλαμβανομένων των στοιχείων της μεθόδου πληρωμής, του ποσού
πληρωμής, των στοιχείων του παραλήπτη της πληρωμής, των στοιχείων
επιστροφής χρημάτων και των τραπεζικών αποδείξεων
Δεδομένα Υποστήριξης Πελατών
συμπεριλαμβανομένου του περιεχομένου των αιτημάτων υποστήριξης πελατών,
της απάντησης από τις ομάδες εξυπηρέτησης πελατών μας και των εικόνων ή
εγγράφων που επισυνάπτονται
Μπορείτε να βρείτε όλες τις λεπτομέρειες σχετικά με τον τρόπο με τον οποίο επεξεργαζόμαστε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα παρακάτω.
Τι κάνουμε με τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα;
Α. Όταν δημιουργείτε έναν λογαριασμό
Δημιουργία Λογαριασμού
Για τη δημιουργία ενός λογαριασμού χρήστη στην πλατφόρμα μας, πρέπει να επεξεργαστούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας
, όπως το όνομα, τη διεύθυνση ηλεκτρονικού ταχυδρομείου, τον κωδικό πρόσβασης, τον αριθμό τηλεφώνου, τη χώρα και τη γλώσσα επιλογής σας. Μόλις δημιουργήσετε λογαριασμό, θα σας αναθέσουμε ένα
μοναδικό αναγνωριστικό χρήστη
. Αυτό το στοιχείο θα μας επιτρέψει να σας ταυτοποιούμε στο σύστημά μας χωρίς να χρειάζεται να χρησιμοποιήσουμε όλες τις πληροφορίες που σχετίζονται με τον λογαριασμό σας. Αυτό το αναγνωριστικό δεν μπορεί να χρησιμοποιηθεί από τρίτους.
Οι πληροφορίες που ζητάμε κατά τη διαδικασία δημιουργίας λογαριασμού είναι απαραίτητες για να κάνουμε το πρώτο βήμα στη δημιουργία της συμβατικής μας σχέσης μαζί σας, ώστε να μπορούμε να σας παρέχουμε τις υπηρεσίες μας.
Ως εκ τούτου, η νομική βάση για την εν λόγω επεξεργασία είναι η "σύναψη ή εκτέλεση σύμβασης" σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Αποθηκεύουμε αυτά τα προσωπικά δεδομένα για όσο διάστημα παραμένετε χρήστης μας και κατά τη συνήθη πορεία των πραγμάτων τα διαγράφουμε όταν διαγράψετε τον λογαριασμό σας ή μετά από 3 χρόνια αδράνειας, εκτός εάν άλλες κανονιστικές και νομικές απαιτήσεις επιβάλλουν μεγαλύτερη διατήρηση των δεδομένων σας.
Επιλογές Single-Sign-On ("SSO")
Σας προσφέρουμε τη δυνατότητα να εγγραφείτε στην πλατφόρμα μας χρησιμοποιώντας ένα από τα ευρέως χρησιμοποιούμενα συστήματα κοινωνικής δικτύωσης, όπως το Facebook, την Google ή την Apple. Εάν έχετε ήδη λογαριασμό σε κάποια από αυτές τις υπηρεσίες, μπορείτε να εγγραφείτε και να συνδεθείτε στην πλατφόρμα μας χρησιμοποιώντας τα δεδομένα χρήστη σας σε αυτούς τους παρόχους.
Κατά τη σύνδεση σας με την επιλογή SSO, ενδέχεται να αποκτήσουμε πρόσβαση σε
δεδομένα SSO
, όπως το όνομα, η διεύθυνση ηλεκτρονικού ταχυδρομείου, ο αριθμός τηλεφώνου, η χώρα, το αναγνωριστικό χρήστη και η ημερομηνία γέννησής σας, εφόσον έχετε κοινοποιήσει αυτά τα δεδομένα στον πάροχο SSO.
Αυτές οι πληροφορίες είναι απαραίτητες για την έναρξη της συμβατικής μας σχέσης με τους χρήστες μας. Δε λαμβάνουμε, ούτε αποθηκεύουμε ποτέ τον κωδικό πρόσβασης που χρησιμοποιείτε σε αυτά τα συστήματα.
Πληροφορίες σχετικά με τρίτους παρόχους SSO μπορείτε να βρείτε εδώ:
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/112802
Apple
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204053
Η νομική βάση για αυτή την επεξεργασία είναι η "σύναψη ή εκτέλεση σύμβασης" σύμφωνα με το
άρθρο 6(1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Επεξεργαζόμαστε αυτά τα προσωπικά δεδομένα για όσο διάστημα παραμένετε πελάτης μας ή μέχρι να διαγράψετε τον λογαριασμό σας στον πάροχο SSO.
Διαχείριση λογαριασμού
Μπορείτε να έχετε πρόσβαση στο προφίλ του λογαριασμού σας ανά πάσα στιγμή για να κάνετε αλλαγές, να παρέχετε πρόσθετες πληροφορίες ή να δείτε τις προηγούμενες παραγγελίες σας. Τα δεδομένα σας υποβάλλονται επίσης σε επεξεργασία για τη διαχείριση του προφίλ σας, η οποία περιλαμβάνει ενέργειες όπως η διασφάλιση της ακρίβειας των προσωπικών σας στοιχείων, η επεξεργασία τυχόν τροποποιήσεων που πραγματοποιείτε και η διαχείριση τεχνικών ζητημάτων που μπορεί να αντιμετωπίζετε.
Οι πληροφορίες που επεξεργαζόμαστε για τον σκοπό αυτό περιλαμβάνουν
δεδομένα λογαριασμού, δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης, δεδομένα πληρωμής και πληροφορίες συσκευής
.
Η διαχείριση του προφίλ σας αποτελεί θεμελιώδη λειτουργία της πλατφόρμας μας. Χωρίς αυτή τη διαδικασία, δεν μπορούμε να σας παρέχουμε τις υπηρεσίες μας. Ως εκ τούτου, η νομική βάση για την εν λόγω επεξεργασία είναι η "εκτέλεση σύμβασης" σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Αποθηκεύουμε αυτά τα προσωπικά δεδομένα για όσο διάστημα παραμένετε πελάτης μας και κατά τη συνήθη πορεία των πραγμάτων τα διαγράφουμε όταν διαγράψετε το λογαριασμό σας ή μετά από 3 χρόνια αδράνειας, εκτός εάν άλλες κανονιστικές και νομικές απαιτήσεις επιβάλλουν περαιτέρω διατήρηση.
Β. Όταν περιηγείστε στην πλατφόρμα μας
Cookies και παρόμοιες τεχνολογίες web tracking
Χρησιμοποιούμε τεχνολογίες web tracking (π.χ. cookies, SDKs, pixels μέτρησης) όταν περιηγείστε στην πλατφόρμα μας, είτε είστε χρήστης, είτε επισκέπτης. Αυτές οι τεχνολογίες μας επιτρέπουν να διευκολύνουμε τη λειτουργία της πλατφόρμας μας, να βελτιώσουμε την απόδοση και την ασφάλειά της ή να κατανοήσουμε τον τρόπο με τον οποίο οι χρήστες μας αλληλεπιδρούν με την πλατφόρμα μας. Επιπλέον, οι τεχνολογίες αυτές μας επιτρέπουν να παρέχουμε εξατομικευμένο περιεχόμενο ή στοχευμένη διαφήμιση στους χρήστες μας.
Τα cookies και οι τεχνολογίες web tracking ενδέχεται να χρησιμοποιούνται για τη συλλογή δεδομένων που τις εντάσσουμε στις
πληροφορίες συσκευής
, συμπεριλαμβανομένου του αναγνωριστικού της συσκευής σας, της διεύθυνσης IP, των πληροφοριών περιόδου λειτουργίας του περιηγητή σας (session information), των προτιμήσεων σας, όπως οι ρυθμίσεις γλώσσας, των αλληλεπιδράσεων σας με την πλατφόρμα μας, όπως τα αντικείμενα που προστίθενται στο καλάθι, της ανάλυσης των επιδόσεων της πλατφόρμας και της αναφοράς διαφόρων συμβάντων (crash reporting).
Μπορείτε να βρείτε περισσότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με αυτές τις τεχνολογίες (συμπεριλαμβανομένων των περιόδων διατήρησης και της ισχύουσας νομικής βάσης) στην Πολιτική μας για τα
cookies, τα SDKs, στη Πολιτική Web-Tracking
και στην ενημέρωση συγκατάθεσης (consent management banner).
Εξατομικευμένο περιεχόμενο και προτάσεις
Όταν περιηγείστε στην πλατφόρμα μας, σας παρουσιάζουμε μια σειρά καταστημάτων και προϊόντων. Ενδέχεται να προσαρμόσουμε το περιεχόμενο της πλατφόρμας μας έτσι ώστε να σας εμφανίζονται προμηθευτές που βρίσκονται κοντά σας, από τους οποίους έχετε παραγγείλει στο παρελθόν ή προϊόντα που πιστεύουμε ότι μπορεί να σας ενδιαφέρουν. Για να καταστήσουμε αυτή τη λειτουργία διαθέσιμη, χρειαζόμαστε τα
δεδομένα λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα τοποθεσίας, τα δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης και τις πληροφορίες συσκευής
.
Αυτή η διαδικασία μπορεί να περιλαμβάνει κατηγοριοποίηση χρηστών με βάση τα δεδομένα που συλλέγουμε από εσάς. Επιπλέον, μπορούμε να κάνουμε προβλέψεις σχετικά με τα δημογραφικά στοιχεία (π.χ. ηλικία, φύλο) ή τις καταναλωτικές προτιμήσεις των χρηστών μας. Ως αποτέλεσμα, οι προτάσεις μας ενδέχεται να αναδεικνύουν συγκεκριμένα προϊόντα ή κουζίνες, όπως ιταλικά εστιατόρια, ή προϊόντα vegan.
Σημειώστε ότι αυτές οι διαδικασίες δεν θα έχουν νομικές ή παρόμοιες σημαντικές επιπτώσεις σε εσάς. Το μόνο αποτέλεσμα αυτής της διαδικασίας θα είναι ότι θα λαμβάνετε προτάσεις για προϊόντα ή προμηθευτές που ταιριάζουν με τα ενδιαφέροντα και τις διατροφικές σας προτιμήσεις.
Οι δραστηριότητές μας στο πλαίσιο του εξατομικευμένου περιεχομένου και των προτάσεων αποτελούν τον πυρήνα της πλατφόρμας μας, χωρίς τον οποίο δεν θα μπορούσαμε να σας προσφέρουμε σχετικά προϊόντα και, ως εκ τούτου, δεν μπορούμε να σας παρέχουμε τις υπηρεσίες μας. Θα θέλαμε να τονίσουμε ότι το εξατομικευμένο περιεχόμενο που παρουσιάζουμε σε αυτό το πλαίσιο είναι ξεχωριστό από τις πρωτοβουλίες μάρκετινγκ που πραγματοποιούνται στην πλατφόρμα μας.
Γ. Όταν πραγματοποιείτε μια παραγγελία
Καλάθι αγορών και αποθήκευση των προστιθέμενων στοιχείων για αργότερα
Μόλις συνδεθείτε στο προφίλ σας και επιλέξετε αντικείμενα, αυτά θα αποθηκευτούν στο καλάθι σας. Ακόμη και αν κλείσετε το πρόγραμμα περιήγησης ή την εφαρμογή σας, μπορείτε να συνεχίσετε την παραγγελία σας από εκεί που την αφήσατε. Για να καταστήσουμε αυτή τη λειτουργία διαθέσιμη στην πλατφόρμα μας, επεξεργαζόμαστε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού
σας, τις
πληροφορίες της συσκευής
σας και τα
δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης
.
Η λειτουργία του καλαθιού αγορών είναι απαραίτητη για την πλατφόρμα μας, καθώς μας επιτρέπει να λαμβάνουμε και να επεξεργαζόμαστε την παραγγελία σας. Χωρίς αυτήν, δεν θα μπορούσαμε να συνάψουμε σύμβαση μαζί σας.
Η νομική βάση για αυτή την επεξεργασία είναι η «σύναψη ή εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Τα δεδομένα αυτά διαγράφονται εφόσον δεν τα χρειαζόμαστε πλέον, μόλις κάνετε την παραγγελία σας ή αμέσως αφού αφαιρέσετε τα πάντα από το καλάθι αγορών σας.
Επεξεργασία παραγγελιών
Μόλις εγγραφείτε επιτυχώς στην πλατφόρμα μας, μπορείτε να κάνετε την παραγγελία σας. Για να επεξεργαστούμε την παραγγελία σας, θα πρέπει να λάβουμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα.
Για να επεξεργαστούμε την παραγγελία σας, χρειαζόμαστε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού
σας, καθώς και τα
δεδομένα της παραγγελίας και της παράδοσής
σας, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της διεύθυνσής σας, του ταχυδρομικού κώδικα, της πόλης, της χώρας, του γεωγραφικού μήκους και πλάτους, του αναγνωριστικού της παραγγελίας, των οποιωνδήποτε επιπρόσθετων οδηγιών ή σχολίων, των ονομάτων και των ποσοτήτων των προϊόντων.
Αυτές οι πληροφορίες είναι απαραίτητες για να προωθήσουμε την παραγγελία σας για τα επόμενα βήματα ώστε να διασφαλίσουμε την επιτυχή παράδοση της παραγγελίας σας. Χωρίς αυτές τις πληροφορίες, δεν θα μπορούσαμε να λάβουμε τα απαραίτητα μέτρα για την εκπλήρωση των συμβατικών μας υποχρεώσεων προς εσάς.
Η νομική βάση για την εν λόγω επεξεργασία είναι η «εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ, και η «συγκατάθεση» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 9(2)(α) ΓΚΠΔ για δεδομένα που σχετίζονται με την υγεία.
Θα επεξεργαστούμε τα δεδομένα για τον σκοπό αυτό για την ίδια διάρκεια με τα υπόλοιπα δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας.
Τιμολόγηση
Εάν αποφασίσετε να προχωρήσετε με την παραγγελία σας, θα πρέπει να λάβουμε πληρωμή για τα είδη που έχετε επιλέξει.
Όταν πραγματοποιείτε μια παραγγελία και επιλέγετε έναν πάροχο πληρωμών, οι πληροφορίες σας θα κοινοποιηθούν στον επιλεγμένο πάροχο πληρωμών για να ξεκινήσει η διαδικασία πληρωμής. Ως πελάτης αυτών των παρόχων πληρωμών, μπορείτε να βρείτε πληροφορίες σχετικά με τις πρακτικές απορρήτου τους στις ξεχωριστές δηλώσεις απορρήτου τους.
Μετά την πληρωμή της παραγγελίας σας, είμαστε νομικά υποχρεωμένοι να σας παρέχουμε φορολογικό παραστατικό/ απόδειξη για τις υπηρεσίες που παρέχονται από το efood. Για την εκπλήρωση αυτής της απαίτησης και τη διευκόλυνση της πληρωμής σας, πρέπει να επεξεργαστούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού
σας, τα
δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης
και τα
δεδομένα πληρωμής
, συμπεριλαμβανομένων των δεδομένων της μεθόδου πληρωμής, του ποσού πληρωμής, των στοιχείων του παραλήπτη της πληρωμής και των στοιχείων επιστροφής χρημάτων.
Σε κάθε περίπτωση, το συνεργαζόμενο κατάστημα (π.χ. εστιατόριο) που λαμβάνει την παραγγελία σας είναι υπεύθυνο για την έκδοση και παράδοση σε εσάς του φορολογικού παραστατικού/ απόδειξης για τα προϊόντα που έχετε παραγγείλει και πληρώσει. Στην περίπτωση αυτή, τα προσωπικά δεδομένα που είναι απαραίτητα για την εκπλήρωση των απαιτήσεων τιμολόγησης βάσει της ισχύουσας νομοθεσίας κοινοποιούνται στον πωλητή με αποκλειστικό σκοπό την έκδοση απόδειξης.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία αυτή είναι η «νομική υποχρέωση» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(γ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Αποθηκεύουμε αυτά τα προσωπικά δεδομένα για τουλάχιστον 5 έτη από το ημερολογιακό έτος έκδοσης του φορολογικού παραστατικού.
Αποθήκευση των μεθόδων πληρωμής σας
Για να κάνουμε τη διαδικασία της παραγγελίας σας ακόμα πιο εύκολη, η πλατφόρμα μας σας προσφέρει τη δυνατότητα να αποθηκεύσετε τη μέθοδο πληρωμής που προτιμάτε. Αυτό σημαίνει ότι, εάν επιλέξετε να αποθηκεύσετε τη μέθοδο πληρωμής σας, δεν θα χρειαστεί να εισάγετε εκ νέου τα στοιχεία πληρωμής την επόμενη φορά που θα χρειαστεί να πραγματοποιήσετε πληρωμές στην πλατφόρμα μας.
Οι πληροφορίες που μπορείτε να αποθηκεύσετε στο πλαίσιο αυτής της λειτουργίας είναι τα
δεδομένα πληρωμής
, συμπεριλαμβανομένων του ονόματος του καρτούχου και των αναλυτικών στοιχείων της μεθόδου πληρωμής.
Η νομική βάση για αυτή την επεξεργασία είναι η «συγκατάθεση» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(α) ΓΚΠΔ.
Θα διατηρήσουμε αυτές τις προσωπικές πληροφορίες για όσο χρονικό διάστημα επιλέξετε να τις μοιράζεστε μαζί μας.
Όταν εγγραφείτε στο efood pro, θα ζητήσουμε να αποθηκεύσουμε τα
δεδομένα πληρωμής
σας, ώστε να καταστεί δυνατή η τακτή τιμολόγηση σύμφωνα με τη συνδρομή σας. Καθώς η διατήρηση μιας τακτής διαδικασίας πληρωμής για το πρόγραμμα efood pro αποτελεί θεμελιώδες μέρος αυτής της υπηρεσίας, η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία αυτή είναι η «εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Δ. Όταν παραδίδουμε την παραγγελία σας
Προετοιμασία της παραγγελίας σας
Αφού λάβουμε την παραγγελία σας, μοιραζόμαστε τα δεδομένα της παραγγελίας σας με το συνεργαζόμενο κατάστημα (π.χ. εστιατόρια) που ετοιμάζει την παραγγελία σας. Ελαχιστοποιούμε τις πληροφορίες που μοιραζόμαστε με τους συνεργάτες μας, ώστε να έχουν διαθέσιμες μόνο τις πληροφορίες που είναι απαραίτητες για την επεξεργασία της παραγγελίας σας και την παράδοση της στους διανομείς. Τα δεδομένα που μοιραζόμαστε με τα καταστήματα/ συνεργάτες μας περιλαμβάνουν
δεδομένα σχετικά με την παραγγελία και την παράδοση
. Επιπλέον, τα καταστήματα ενδέχεται να σας καλέσουν τηλεφωνικά για να επικοινωνήσουν μαζί σας σε εξαιρετικές περιπτώσεις, όπως εάν τα είδη που παραγγείλατε έχουν εξαντληθεί.
Καθώς η προετοιμασία της παραγγελίας σας αποτελεί θεμελιώδες μέρος των υπηρεσιών που παρέχονται στην πλατφόρμα μας, η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία αυτή είναι η «εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Παράδοση της παραγγελίας σας
Μόλις η παραγγελία σας προετοιμαστεί από το κατάστημα, παραδίδεται στους διανομείς, οι οποίοι είναι υπεύθυνοι για την παράδοση της παραγγελίας σας. Προκειμένου να καταστεί δυνατή η παράδοση της παραγγελίας σας και, ως εκ τούτου, να εκπληρώσουμε τις συμβατικές μας υποχρεώσεις απέναντί σας, πρέπει να επεξεργαστούμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα και να μοιραστούμε ορισμένα από αυτά τα δεδομένα με τον διανομέα που θα παραδώσει την παραγγελία σας.
Τα δεδομένα αυτά περιλαμβάνουν τα
δεδομένα που σχετίζονται με την παράδοσή σας
, όπως το όνομά σας, τον αριθμό τηλεφώνου σας και τη διεύθυνση παράδοσης. Επιπλέον, οι διανομείς ενδέχεται να σας καλέσουν τηλεφωνικά για να επικοινωνήσουν μαζί σας εάν υπάρχει πρόβλημα που σχετίζεται με την παράδοση, όπως εάν ο διανομέας χρειάζεται βοήθεια κατά τη διαδικασία παράδοσης. Θα διασφαλίζουμε πάντα ότι ο διανομέας λαμβάνει όσο το δυνατόν λιγότερες πληροφορίες για εσάς.
Καθώς η παράδοση της παραγγελίας σας αποτελεί θεμελιώδες μέρος των υπηρεσιών που παρέχονται στην πλατφόρμα μας, η νομική βάση για την εν λόγω επεξεργασία είναι η «εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Θα επεξεργαστούμε τα δεδομένα για τον σκοπό αυτό για την ίδια διάρκεια με τα υπόλοιπα δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας.
Εξυπηρέτηση χρηστών
Σε περίπτωση που έχετε ερωτήσεις ή ζητήματα σχετικά με την παραγγελία σας, ανάλογα με τη φύση του αιτήματός σας, θα χρειαστούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης, τα δεδομένα που σχετίζονται με την παράδοση, τη μέθοδο πληρωμής
και τα δεδομένα που μοιράζεστε μαζί μας κατά την υποβολή του αιτήματός σας.
Αυτές οι πληροφορίες μας επιτρέπουν να κατανοήσουμε τις ιδιαιτερότητες της παραγγελίας σας, επιτρέποντάς μας να σας παρέχουμε σχετική και ακριβή βοήθεια.
Στο πλαίσιο της υπηρεσίας εξυπηρέτησης πελατών, ενδέχεται να χρησιμοποιήσουμε αυτοματοποιήσεις για ορισμένες λειτουργίες. Για παράδειγμα, ενέργειες όπως η ακύρωση της παραγγελίας σας ή η αλλαγή των οδηγιών παράδοσης ενδέχεται να αυτοματοποιηθούν. Επιπλέον, οι υπάλληλοι του τμήματος υποστήριξης ενδέχεται να χρησιμοποιούν αλγοριθμικές διαδικασίες λήψης αποφάσεων με σκοπό τον υπολογισμό αποζημίωσης για τυχόν προβλήματα που μπορεί να αντιμετωπίσετε και για την έκδοση επιστροφής χρημάτων ή κουπονιού.
Ενδέχεται να χρησιμοποιήσουμε τεχνολογία τεχνητής νοημοσύνης, όπως chatbots που υποστηρίζονται από μεγάλα γλωσσικά μοντέλα, στο πλαίσιο των διαδικασιών εξυπηρέτησης πελατών μας. Όταν το κάνουμε αυτό, θα διασφαλίσουμε ότι παραμένουμε ο υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας των δεδομένων σας και ότι τα δεδομένα σας δεν κοινοποιούνται σε τρίτους για την εκπαίδευση των μοντέλων τεχνητής νοημοσύνης.
Καθώς η επίλυση των ζητημάτων σας αποτελεί ουσιώδες μέρος της πλήρους εκπλήρωσης της υπηρεσίας που σας παρέχουμε, η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τον σκοπό αυτό είναι η «εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ.
Θα διατηρήσουμε τα δεδομένα που επεξεργαζόμαστε στο πλαίσιο της λειτουργίας του τμήματος εξυπηρέτησης πελατών για τη διάρκεια των νόμιμων προθεσμιών παραγραφής των νομικών αξιώσεων στη χώρα που δραστηριοποιείται η πλατφόρμα (οι οποίες ενδέχεται να κυμαίνονται από 3 έως 6 έτη).
Τηλεφωνική Εξυπηρέτηση Χρηστών
Εάν επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας μέσω τηλεφώνου, θα επεξεργαστούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης ή/ και τα δεδομένα υποστήριξης χρηστών
και θα αποθηκεύσουμε τη συνομιλία για σκοπούς διασφάλισης ποιότητας, εφόσον έχετε ενεργά συμφωνήσει στην καταγραφή. Σε μεμονωμένες περιπτώσεις, χρησιμοποιούμε επίσης τις ηχογραφημένες κλήσεις για τη βελτίωση της ποιότητας της εξυπηρέτησης των πελατών/ χρηστών μας, δηλαδή για σκοπούς εκπαίδευσης (coaching) των υπαλλήλων μας. Το περιεχόμενο των πληροφοριών που αποθηκεύουμε εξαρτάται από τις πληροφορίες που μας παρέχετε στο πλαίσιο της επικοινωνίας μας. Οι αποθηκευμένες τηλεφωνικές κλήσεις διαγράφονται το αργότερο μετά από τριάντα (30) ημέρες.
Η νομική βάση είναι η «συγκατάθεση» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(α) ΓΚΠΔ.
Αξιολογήσεις χρηστών
Μόλις παραδοθεί η παραγγελία σας, μπορείτε να αξιολογήσετε το κατάστημα από το οποίο παραγγείλατε. Για το σκοπό αυτό, θα γίνει επεξεργασία των
δεδομένων του λογαριασμού
σας.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία αυτή είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Ε. Όταν προωθούμε την πλατφόρμα μας ή τα συνεργαζόμενα καταστήματα
Ειδοποιήσεις εφαρμογών και ενημερωτικά newsletters
Ενδέχεται να σας στέλνουμε ειδοποιήσεις ή μηνύματα εντός της εφαρμογής του efood ή push notifications, καθώς και ενημερωτικά newsletters μέσω email, που σας ενημερώνουν για νέα καταστήματα, προσφορές και προωθητικές ενέργειες στην πλατφόρμα μας. Χρησιμοποιούμε μια σειρά από κριτήρια για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι το περιεχόμενο που παρέχουμε είναι παρόμοιο με τα προϊόντα που έχετε παραγγείλει στο παρελθόν. Ως εκ τούτου, αυτές οι επικοινωνίες ενδέχεται να δίνουν έμφαση σε συγκεκριμένα προϊόντα ή κουζίνες, όπως προσφορές σούσι ή vegan προϊόντα.
Για να καταστεί αυτό δυνατό, χρησιμοποιούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα τοποθεσίας, καθώς και τα δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης
. Αυτές οι πληροφορίες μας επιτρέπουν να προωθήσουμε τα προϊόντα και τις υπηρεσίες που διατίθενται στην πλατφόρμα μας.
Μπορείτε πάντα να εξαιρεθείτε από τις επικοινωνίες αυτού του σκοπού που πραγματοποιούμε μέσω ηλεκτρονικού ταχυδρομείου. Για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι συμμορφωνόμαστε με την επιλογή σας να εξαιρεθείτε, θα διατηρήσουμε τα στοιχεία επικοινωνίας σας και την επιλογή σας σε ξεχωριστή λίστα χρηστών που προτιμούν να μη λαμβάνουν επικοινωνίες άμεσου μάρκετινγκ. Σε αυτή την περίπτωση, θα σας διαγράψουμε από τις εξατομικευμένες επικοινωνίες και δεν θα λαμβάνετε τέτοιες επικοινωνίες στο μέλλον.
Η νομική βάση για την εν λόγω επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας με σκοπό την αποστολή ειδοποιήσεων εφαρμογών και ενημερωτικών δελτίων ηλεκτρονικού ταχυδρομείου είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ σε συνδυασμό με την εξαίρεση βάσει της νομοθεσίας της ΕΕ για την προστασία της ιδιωτικής ζωής για την προώθηση παρόμοιων αγαθών και υπηρεσιών με αυτά που έχετε ήδη παραγγείλει από την πλατφόρμα μας.
Θα επεξεργαζόμαστε τα δεδομένα για αυτό τον σκοπό για όση διάρκεια διατηρείτε λογαριασμό στην πλατφόρμα μας. Τις πληροφορίες εάν έχετε επιλέξει να λαμβάνετε ή να μην λαμβάνετε τέτοιες επικοινωνίες θα τις αποθηκεύσουμε για τη διάρκεια των νόμιμων περιόδων παραγραφής των νομικών αξιώσεων (οι οποίες μπορεί να κυμαίνονται από 3 έως 6 έτη).
Κίνητρα
Χρησιμοποιούμε διάφορα κίνητρα για να κάνουμε την πλατφόρμα μας πιο ελκυστική για εσάς και για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι απολαμβάνετε όλα τα πλεονεκτήματα που προσφέρουμε. Αυτά τα κίνητρα περιλαμβάνουν, κουπόνια, διαγωνισμούς χρηστών, εκπτώσεις για φοιτητές και προγράμματα μπόνους.
Όταν χρησιμοποιείτε κουπόνια στην πλατφόρμα μας, ενδέχεται να επεξεργαστούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας και τη σχετική έκπτωση ή προσφορά
. Επεξεργαζόμαστε αυτά τα δεδομένα για να εφαρμόσουμε το κουπόνι στην παραγγελία σας και να διασφαλίσουμε την ορθή λειτουργία αυτής της διαδικασίας.
Το
φοιτητικό μας πρόγραμμα «efood your pass»
επιτρέπει στους πιστοποιημένους φοιτητές να κερδίζουν ειδικές ανταμοιβές και εκπτώσεις. Στο πλαίσιο αυτού του προγράμματος, επεξεργαζόμαστε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τη σχετική έκπτωση ή προωθητική ενέργεια καθώς και τον μοναδικό αριθμό της φοιτητικής σας ταυτότητας
, σε ψευδωνυμοποιημένη μορφή, προκειμένου να πραγματοποιήσουμε την επαλήθευση της ιδιότητάς σας. Εάν συμμετέχετε στο πρόγραμμα «efood your pass», η επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας βασίζεται στο «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Εάν ζητήσετε τη διαγραφή του λογαριασμού σας, θα διατηρήσουμε τον αριθμό επαλήθευσης της φοιτητικής σας ταυτότητας για σκοπούς πρόληψης της απάτης κατά της εταιρίας μας.
Όταν συμμετέχετε σε διαγωνισμούς χρηστών ή προγράμματα μπόνους στην πλατφόρμα μας, ενδέχεται να επεξεργαστούμε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα που σχετίζονται με το πρόγραμμα
, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της κατάστασής σας, τους πόντους και τις ανταμοιβές που κερδίζετε. Τα δεδομένα αυτά υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία για τη διαχείριση των εν λόγω προγραμμάτων και τη χορήγηση ανταμοιβών ή εκπτώσεων.
Η νομική βάση για αυτές τις δραστηριότητες επεξεργασίας είναι η «εκτέλεση σύμβασης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(β) ΓΚΠΔ. Χρησιμοποιούμε αυτά τα δεδομένα με σκοπό να σας παρέχουμε εκπτώσεις και προσφορές στο πλαίσιο των υπηρεσιών μας.
Διαδικτυακό μαρκετινγκ
Χρησιμοποιούμε διαδικασίες μάρκετινγκ για να προσεγγίσουμε όσο το δυνατόν περισσότερους δυνητικούς πελάτες. Οι διαδικασίες αυτές περιλαμβάνουν μια σειρά από στρατηγικές μάρκετινγκ, συμπεριλαμβανομένων στοχευμένων διαφημίσεων, τόσο στη δική μας πλατφόρμα όσο και σε διαδικτυακά μέσα ενημέρωσης (π.χ. ιστότοποι, κοινωνικές πλατφόρμες) που ανήκουν και διαχειρίζονται από τρίτους παρόχους.
Για τον σκοπό αυτό, επεξεργαζόμαστε
δεδομένα λογαριασμού, δεδομένα τοποθεσίας, δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης και πληροφορίες συσκευής
, όπως πληροφορίες συνεδρίας, τις ρυθμίσεις διαμόρφωσής σας, αλληλεπιδράσεις πλατφόρμας, όπως αντικείμενα που προστίθενται στο καλάθι, και δεδομένα που λαμβάνονται μέσω web-trackers (π.χ. cookies, SDKs, pixels).
Όταν πραγματοποιούμε στοχευμένες διαφημίσεις για την πλατφόρμα μας, χρησιμοποιούμε κατηγοριοποίηση χρηστών με βάση τα δεδομένα που συλλέγουμε από εσάς. Αυτή η κατηγοριοποίηση μπορεί να περιλαμβάνει προβλέψεις σχετικά με τα δημογραφικά στοιχεία των χρηστών μας (π.χ. ηλικία, φύλο) ή τις καταναλωτικές προτιμήσεις. Αυτές οι πληροφορίες είναι συνήθως συγκεντρωτικές και ψευδωνυμοποιημένες, πράγμα που σημαίνει ότι δεν μπορούμε να σας αναγνωρίσουμε μεμονωμένα. Χρησιμοποιούμε αυτή την πληροφόρηση κατά τον καθορισμό των στρατηγικών διαδικτυακού μάρκετινγκ που εφαρμόζουμε.
Η εκ των προτέρων ρητή «συγκατάθεσή» σας σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(α) ΓΚΠΔ ζητείται για να σας εμφανίσουμε τις διαδικτυακές στοχευμένες διαφημίσεις μας. Εάν δεν συναινείτε σε εξατομικευμένες διαδικτυακές διαφημίσεις, σημειώστε ότι ενδέχεται να εξακολουθείτε να λαμβάνετε διαφημίσεις που σχετίζονται με τις υπηρεσίες και τα προϊόντα μας. Ωστόσο, αυτές οι διαφημίσεις θα είναι γενικές και δεν θα προκύπτουν από συγκεκριμένες διαδικασίες στόχευσης.
Θα διατηρήσουμε αυτές τις προσωπικές πληροφορίες για όσο διάστημα επιλέγετε να τις μοιραστείτε μαζί μας, αλλά σε κάθε περίπτωση θα διαγράψουμε τα δεδομένα που επεξεργαζόμαστε για τον σκοπό αυτό μετά τη διαγραφή του λογαριασμού σας.
Στόχευση
Καταρχάς, η στόχευση αφορά στην ενεργοποίηση και προβολή διαφημίσεων σε ιστοσελίδες προσαρμοσμένες σε συγκεκριμένες ομάδες. Στόχος μας είναι να προβληθούν τα πιο ελκυστικά διαφημιστικά μηνύματα εξατομικευμένα για τον υπάρχοντα και μελλοντικό χρήστη μας. Αρχικά, ορίζουμε μια ομάδα και, έπειτα, αναθέτουμε στους παρόχους υπηρεσιών που συνεργαζόμαστε να προβάλλουν τη διαφήμισή μας στη συγκεκριμένη ομάδα. Δεν επεξεργαζόμαστε προσωπικά δεδομένα, καθώς αυτά έχουν καταστεί ανώνυμα εξαρχής. Για να καθορίσουμε καλύτερα τις ομάδες που μας ενδιαφέρουν, κατηγοριοποιούμε τους χρήστες και τοποθετούμε διαφορετικά διαφημιστικά μηνύματα σε διαφορετικές διαδικτυακές τοποθεσίες.
Επαναστόχευση
Όταν επισκεφτείτε τον ιστότοπό μας και καταχωρήσετε μία παραγγελία στο καλάθι των αγορών σας χωρίς να την ολοκληρώσετε, αποθηκεύουμε αυτές τις πληροφορίες σε cookies και παρόμοιες τεχνολογίες. Αν συνεχίσετε την περιήγησή σας σε άλλους ιστότοπους, οι διαφημιστικοί συνεργάτες μας θα σας υπενθυμίσουν εκ μέρους μας ότι δεν έχετε ολοκληρώσει ακόμα την παραγγελία σας. Δε θέλουμε να χάσετε την εκπληκτική εμπειρία που μπορούμε να σας προσφέρουμε.Μπορείτε να απενεργοποιήσετε την επαναστόχευση εγκαθιστώντας τα κατάλληλα add-ons στον περιηγητή σας. Επιπλέον, μπορείτε και πρέπει να διαγράφετε τακτικά τα cookies που είναι αποθηκευμένα στον περιηγητή που χρησιμοποιείτε.
Βοηθώντας τους συνεργάτες μας/ διαφημιζόμενες επιχειρήσεις να προωθήσουν τα αγαθά και τις υπηρεσίες τους στην πλατφόρμα μας
Εμφανίζουμε διάφορους τύπους διαφημίσεων στην πλατφόρμα μας. Στόχος μας είναι να σας παρέχουμε διαφημίσεις που είναι πραγματικά σχετικές με τα ενδιαφέροντά σας και προσθέτουν αξία στην online εμπειρία σας. Για τον σκοπό αυτό, επεξεργαζόμαστε
δεδομένα λογαριασμού, δεδομένα τοποθεσίας, δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης και πληροφορίες συσκευής
.
Για να διασφαλίσουμε τη συνάφεια των διαφημίσεων, ενδέχεται να χρησιμοποιήσουμε κατηγοριοποίηση χρηστών που περιλαμβάνει αυτοματοποιημένη επεξεργασία των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων. Επιπλέον, ενδέχεται να κάνουμε προβλέψεις σχετικά με τα δημογραφικά σας στοιχεία (π.χ. ηλικία, φύλο) ή τις καταναλωτικές σας προτιμήσεις. Αυτές οι διαδικασίες δεν θα έχουν νομικές ή παρόμοια σημαντικές επιπτώσεις σε εσάς. Το μόνο αποτέλεσμα αυτής της διαδικασίας θα είναι να λαμβάνετε διαφημίσεις που θα ανταποκρίνονται στα ενδιαφέροντα και τις διατροφικές σας προτιμήσεις.
Χρησιμοποιώντας αυτές τις πληροφορίες, η πλατφόρμα μας μπορεί να προβάλλει τόσο τις δικές μας διαφημίσεις όσο και διαφημίσεις τρίτων (όπως εστιατόρια ή συγκεκριμένο brand τροφίμων). Αυτές οι διαφημίσεις μπορεί να έχουν τη μορφή τυπικών διαφημίσεων προβολής, «καταστημάτων που εμφανίζονται στην κορυφή μιας λίστας» ή ειδικών προωθητικών ενεργειών που σας παρέχουν προσφορές περιορισμένου χρόνου.
Δεν μοιραζόμαστε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα με τρίτους που προωθούν τα προϊόντα τους στην πλατφόρμα μας. Ωστόσο, σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις, ενδέχεται να μοιραστούμε πληροφορίες σχετικά με τη διαφημιστική απόδοση με αυτά τα τρίτα μέρη. Αυτές οι πληροφορίες συνήθως συγκεντρώνονται και ανωνυμοποιούνται, διασφαλίζοντας ότι τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα παραμένουν προστατευμένα. Αυτές οι πληροφορίες μπορεί να αφορούν την αποτελεσματικότητα των διαφημίσεών τους, όπως ο αριθμός των κλικ ή οι μετρήσεις σχετικά με την αλληλεπίδραση των χρηστών με τις διαφημίσεις αυτές.
Ζητάμε τη «συγκατάθεσή» σας σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(α) ΓΚΠΔ προκειμένου να σας εμφανίσουμε εξατομικευμένες διαφημίσεις. Εάν δεν συναινείτε σε εξατομικευμένες διαφημίσεις, σημειώστε ότι θα εξακολουθείτε να λαμβάνετε διαφημίσεις, ωστόσο αυτές δεν θα είναι προσαρμοσμένες στα προσωπικά σας ενδιαφέροντα.
Θα διατηρήσουμε αυτές τις προσωπικές πληροφορίες για όσο διάστημα επιλέξετε να τις μοιραστείτε μαζί μας, αλλά σε κάθε περίπτωση θα διαγράψουμε τα δεδομένα που επεξεργαζόμαστε στο πλαίσιο αυτού του σκοπού μετά τη διαγραφή του λογαριασμού σας.
Σελίδες κοινωνικής δικτύωσης
Διατηρούμε προφίλ σε διάφορες πλατφόρμες κοινωνικής δικτύωσης μέσω των οποίων διαφημίζουμε τα προϊόντα μας και επικοινωνούμε με τους χρήστες μας. Όταν επισκέπτεστε τις σελίδες μας σε πλατφόρμες κοινωνικής δικτύωσης όπως το Facebook και το Instagram, οι διαχειριστές αυτών των πλατφορμών επεξεργάζονται τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα, όπως εξηγείται στις δικές τους δηλώσεις απορρήτου. Για το Facebook και το Instagram ο υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας δεδομένων είναι η Meta Ireland Ltd. («Meta»).
Η Meta μας παρέχει συγκεντρωτικά στατιστικά στοιχεία και πληροφορίες σχετικά με τις σελίδες μας στα μέσα κοινωνικής δικτύωσης, επιτρέποντάς μας να κατανοήσουμε τα είδη των ενεργειών που πραγματοποιούν οι χρήστες στις σελίδες τους. Σας ενημερώνουμε, ωστόσο, ότι σε καμία περίπτωση δεν μπορούμε να αποδώσουμε οποιαδήποτε επίσκεψη σελίδας ή άλλη αλληλεπίδραση σε μεμονωμένα προφίλ μέσων κοινωνικής δικτύωσης.
Όσον αφορά στη συλλογή των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων στις σελίδες μας στα μέσα κοινωνικής δικτύωσης και την ανάλυση των αλληλεπιδράσεων των χρηστών, τόσο εμείς όσο και οι αντίστοιχοι διαχειριστές των πλατφορμών κοινωνικής δικτύωσης (όπως η Meta) ενεργούμε ως από κοινού υπεύθυνοι επεξεργασίας. Για την τυπική διαμόρφωση της συγκεκριμένης συμφωνίας έχουμε συνάψει συμβάσεις από κοινού υπεύθυνων επεξεργασίας με τους εν λόγω παρόχους.
Για το Facebook και το Instagram, οι ακόλουθοι σύνδεσμοι θα σας δείξουν ακριβώς ποια δεδομένα συλλέγονται από τη Meta και πώς μπορείτε να ασκήσετε τα δικαιώματα σας σε σχέση με τις προσωπικές σας πληροφορίες:
Meta Privacy Policy
Meta Controller Addendum
Εκτός από τη Meta, διατηρούμε προφίλ σε διάφορες άλλες πλατφόρμες κοινωνικής δικτύωσης μέσω των οποίων διαφημίζουμε τα προϊόντα μας και επικοινωνούμε με τους χρήστες μας. Τέτοιες πλατφόρμες κοινωνικής δικτύωσης είναι το TikTok, το X, το Youtube και το Linkedin. Για το Tiktok ο υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας δεδομένων είναι η TikTok Technology Limited. Για το X ο υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας δεδομένων είναι η X Corp. Για το Youtube ο υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας δεδομένων είναι η Google Ireland Limited και για το Linkedin ο υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας δεδομένων είναι η LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, θυγατρική της Microsoft.
Για τις TikTok, X, Youtube και Linkedin, οι ακόλουθοι σύνδεσμοι θα σας δείξουν ακριβώς ποια από τα δεδομένα σας συλλέγονται και πώς μπορείτε να ασκήσετε τα δικαιώματά σας σε σχέση με τις προσωπικές σας πληροφορίες:
TikTok Privacy Policy
X Privacy Policy
Youtube Help Center
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας με σκοπό την επικοινωνία με τους χρήστες και την αξιοποίηση των πληροφοριών των χρηστών είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
ΣΤ. Όταν διασφαλίζουμε την ασφάλεια της πλατφόρμας μας
Υποδομές πληροφορικής, φιλοξενία βάσεων δεδομένων και ασφάλεια συστημάτων
Χρησιμοποιούμε τελευταίας τεχνολογίας διακομιστές, εξοπλισμό δικτύου και υπηρεσίες cloud για την παροχή της πλατφόρμας μας, ώστε να εξασφαλίσουμε υψηλές επιδόσεις και αδιάλειπτη εξυπηρέτηση. Όλοι οι τύποι προσωπικών πληροφοριών που παρέχετε και οι πληροφορίες που συλλέγουμε για εσάς αποθηκεύονται και προστατεύονται στο ασφαλές περιβάλλον της πλατφόρμας μας. Χρησιμοποιούμε επίσης εργαλεία όπως, ανίχνευση ασφάλειας τελικών σημείων, παρακολούθηση της κυκλοφορίας στην ιστοσελίδα και την εφαρμογή μας, συστήματα αντίγραφων ασφαλείας και λύσεις πρόληψης απώλειας δεδομένων για να διατηρούμε τα δεδομένα σας ασφαλή ανά πάσα στιγμή.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τους σκοπούς της φιλοξενίας και της διασφάλισης της ασφάλειας των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Εντοπισμός και πρόληψη απάτης
Μια από τις κύριες προτεραιότητές μας είναι να σας παρέχουμε μια ασφαλή πλατφόρμα και εμπειρία παραγγελίας. Μέρος της επίτευξης αυτού του στόχου περιλαμβάνει την εφαρμογή προληπτικών μέτρων για τον εντοπισμό και την πρόληψη δόλιων δραστηριοτήτων.
Για τον σκοπό αυτό, επεξεργαζόμαστε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα πληρωμής, τα δεδομένα τοποθεσίας, τις πληροφορίες συσκευής και τα δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης
, όπως αποδείξεις πληρωμής, αναγνωριστικά παραγγελίας, επιτυχημένες και ακυρωμένες παραγγελίες.
Για την επίτευξη αποτελεσματικής ανίχνευσης και πρόληψης της απάτης, χρησιμοποιούμε αυτά τα δεδομένα για να εφαρμόσουμε τα πλέον σύγχρονα μέτρα εντοπισμού και πρόληψης της απάτης, τα οποία μπορεί να περιλαμβάνουν αλγοριθμική λήψη αποφάσεων και διαδικασίες μηχανικής μάθησης. Αυτά τα μέτρα περιλαμβάνουν τη διαβάθμιση και επισήμανση απάτης, ανάλυση συναλλαγών, μοντελοποίηση της συμπεριφοράς των χρηστών και, σε επιβεβαιωμένες περιπτώσεις, αναστολή και αποκλεισμό από την υπηρεσία. Οι εκτιμήσεις μας θα βασίζονται στην υπάρχουσα ιστορική συμπεριφορά σας και μερικές φορές σε πληροφορίες που λαμβάνονται από τρίτους (π.χ. όταν χρησιμοποιείτε μια πιστωτική κάρτα η οποία έχει δηλωθεί ως κλεμμένη από τον ιδιοκτήτη της).
Εάν οποιαδήποτε τέτοια απόφαση (i) έχει αρνητικό, νομικά δεσμευτικό αποτέλεσμα για εσάς, (ii) επηρεάζει σημαντικά με παρόμοιο τρόπο ή (iii) πιστεύετε ότι έχει γίνει λάθος, μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε με την ομάδα εξυπηρέτησης πελατών μας. Σε αυτή την περίπτωση, θα αξιολογήσουμε τις συνθήκες κατά περίπτωση.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τους σκοπούς του εντοπισμού και της πρόληψης της απάτης είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Θα διατηρήσουμε τα δεδομένα που επεξεργαζόμαστε για σκοπούς εντοπισμού και πρόληψης της απάτης για τη διάρκεια του ενεργού λογαριασμού σας και, μετά το κλείσιμο, για όσο χρονικό διάστημα απαιτείται για να αποσαφηνίσουμε εάν ο λογαριασμός σας συνδέεται με οποιαδήποτε άλλη δόλια δραστηριότητα στην πλατφόρμα μας. Αυτή η χρονική περίοδος θα ποικίλλει ανάλογα με τη δραστηριότητα του λογαριασμού σας. Εάν τελικά αποδειχθεί πως ο λογαριασμός σας ανήκει στους “έμπιστους” πελάτες, θα διαγράψουμε τα δεδομένα σας, καθώς δεν απαιτούνται πλέον για τον συγκεκριμένο σκοπό.
Ζ. Όταν βελτιώνουμε τις υπηρεσίας μας
Έρευνες και δημοσκοπήσεις χρηστών
Στόχος μας είναι πάντα να βελτιώνουμε τις υπηρεσίες μας και τα πολύτιμα σχόλιά σας αποτελούν σημαντικό μέρος αυτής της διαδικασίας. Ως εκ τούτου, μερικές φορές συμπεριλαμβάνουμε έρευνες στα ενημερωτικά μας δελτία, ζητώντας τα σχόλιά σας ή καλώντας σας σε δημοσκόπηση εμπειρίας χρήστη.
Για τον σκοπό της έρευνας και δημοσκόπησης επεξεργαζόμαστε τα
δεδομένα του λογαριασμού σας, τα δεδομένα παραγγελίας και παράδοσης, τις πληροφορίες συσκευής και το περιεχόμενο της ανατροφοδότησής σας
. Καταγράφουμε επίσης τη συμπεριφορά χρήσης της υπηρεσίας ως μέρος των ερευνών χρηστών.
Η συμμετοχή στις έρευνες και τις δημοσκοπήσεις απαιτεί τη «συγκατάθεσή» σας σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(α) ΓΚΠΔ. Αφού δώσετε τη συγκατάθεσή σας για τη συμμετοχή σας στις έρευνες χρηστών μας, θα επικοινωνήσουμε μαζί σας μέσω των προτιμώμενων καναλιών επικοινωνίας, τα οποία μπορεί να περιλαμβάνουν ηλεκτρονικό ταχυδρομείο, τηλέφωνο ή πλατφόρμες κοινωνικής δικτύωσης.
Εάν έχετε ήδη δώσει τη συγκατάθεσή σας και επιθυμείτε να την ανακαλέσετε για το μέλλον, παρακαλούμε να μας ενημερώσετε επικοινωνώντας μαζί μας. Σε αυτή την περίπτωση θα σας αποκλείσουμε από τη συμμετοχή σε έρευνες και δημοσκοπήσεις και θα διασφαλίσουμε ότι δεν θα λάβετε περαιτέρω προσκλήσεις.
Θα διατηρήσουμε τα δεδομένα που επεξεργαζόμαστε στο πλαίσιο ερευνών και συνεντεύξεων χρηστών για όσο χρονικό διάστημα μας δίνετε τη συγκατάθεσή σας. Όταν διαγράψετε τον λογαριασμό σας, θα θεωρήσουμε ότι η δήλωση συγκατάθεσής σας έχει ανακληθεί.
Ανάλυση δεδομένων
Πραγματοποιούμε αναλύσεις δεδομένων για να βελτιώσουμε την υπηρεσία μας όσον αφορά την εμπειρία των χρηστών, την ανάπτυξη προϊόντων, την τιμολόγηση, τις προωθητικές ενέργειες και την αλληλεπίδραση των χρηστών μας. Για παράδειγμα, για να αναλύσουμε και να βελτιστοποιήσουμε την εμπειρία χρήστη, ενδέχεται να παρουσιάσουμε στους χρήστες μας διαφορετικές εκδόσεις του περιβάλλοντος της πλατφόρμας μας στο πλαίσιο των λεγόμενων δοκιμών A/B. Η ανάλυση του τρόπου αλληλεπίδρασης των χρηστών με τις διάφορες εκδόσεις μάς επιτρέπει να καθορίσουμε ποια έκδοση αποδίδει καλύτερα. Ομοίως, αναλύοντας τις αντιδράσεις των χρηστών σε διαφορετικά μοντέλα τιμολόγησης, είμαστε σε θέση να καθορίσουμε τις σωστές στρατηγικές τιμολόγησης.
Για να το επιτύχουμε αυτό, επεξεργαζόμαστε
δεδομένα παραγγελιών και παράδοσης, καθώς και πληροφορίες συσκευών
. Αυτές οι πληροφορίες είναι συνήθως συγκεντρωτικές (δηλαδή η επεξεργασία γίνεται πλήρως ανώνυμα, ώστε να μην μπορείτε ποτέ να αναγνωριστείτε ως πρόσωπο από κανέναν) ή ψευδωνυμοποιημένες (δηλαδή θα είναι πολύ δύσκολο να σας αναγνωρίσουμε ως πρόσωπο).
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τον σκοπό αυτό είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Επιχειρηματική ευφυΐα, insights & στατιστικές αναφορές σε επίπεδο ομίλου
Επεξεργαζόμαστε δεδομένα χρηστών σε συγκεντρωτική μορφή για να εντοπίζουμε τις τάσεις της αγοράς και να λαμβάνουμε τεκμηριωμένες αποφάσεις σχετικά με τη στρατηγική μας στην αγορά. Η ανάλυση αυτή περιλαμβάνει την επεξεργασία διαφόρων τύπων δεδομένων, συμπεριλαμβανομένων των δεδομένων λογαριασμού, των πληροφοριών συσκευής, καθώς και των δεδομένων παραγγελιών και παραδόσεων.
Αξιοποιώντας αυτά τα δεδομένα, δημιουργούμε στατιστικές αναφορές σε επίπεδο ομίλου, όπως οι έρευνες αγοράς. Η δημιουργία επιχειρηματικών πληροφοριών και στατιστικών αναφορών μας επιτρέπει να εξάγουμε ουσιαστικά συμπεράσματα από ένα ευρύ φάσμα αλληλεπιδράσεων με τους χρήστες.
Ομοίως, στο πλαίσιο των επιχειρηματικών πληροφοριών μας, παρέχουμε στα συνεργαζόμενα καταστήματα μας (π.χ. εστιατόρια) πρόσβαση σε ορισμένες γενικές πληροφορίες σχετικά με τις πωλήσεις και τα ποσοστά δέσμευσης (τα λεγόμενα vendor insights). Αυτές οι πληροφορίες δημιουργούνται από τη συγκεντρωτική ανάλυση των
δεδομένων παραγγελιών και παραδόσεων και των πληροφοριών συσκευών
των χρηστών μας. Σκοπός αυτής της ανάλυσης είναι να παρέχονται στους συνεργάτες μας προτάσεις για τη βελτίωση των υπηρεσιών τους. Για παράδειγμα, τα vendor insights παρέχουν πληροφορίες σχετικά με πιθανούς λόγους για τους οποίους οι χρήστες μπορεί να έχουν επιλέξει διαφορετικό κατάστημα. Οι ιδέες είναι συγκεντρωτικές και ανώνυμες, πράγμα που σημαίνει ότι τα συνεργαζόμενα καταστήματα δεν μπορούν να ταυτοποιήσουν τους χρήστες μας μεμονωμένα.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τον σκοπό αυτό είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Η. Όταν υποχρεούμαστε να συμμορφωθούμε με νόμους και κανονισμούς
Νομικές διαδικασίες και αιτήματα αρχών
Όπως συμβαίνει με κάθε οργανισμό, υπάρχουν περιπτώσεις όπου απαιτείται να μοιραστούμε προσωπικά δεδομένα με δημόσιες αρχές. Επιπλέον, ενδέχεται να υπάρξουν περιπτώσεις στις οποίες θα πρέπει να επεξεργαστούμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα για να κινήσουμε ή να υπερασπιστούμε νομικές αξιώσεις και να προασπίσουμε τα δικαιώματα και τα συμφέροντά μας. Για το σκοπό αυτό, ενδέχεται να αποκαλύψουμε και να επεξεργαστούμε ορισμένα δεδομένα που διατηρούμε για εσάς, στο βαθμό που είναι απολύτως απαραίτητο για την ολοκλήρωση αυτών των νομικών διαδικασιών και ερευνών.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τη συμμόρφωση με αιτήματα δημόσιων αρχών είναι η «νομική υποχρέωση» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(γ) ΓΚΠΔ- και για την κίνηση και υπεράσπιση νομικών αξιώσεων είναι το «έννομο συμφέρον» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6 (1)(στ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Διατηρούμε αυτές τις πληροφορίες για όσο χρονικό διάστημα είναι απαραίτητο για να συμμορφωθούμε με τις νομικές υποχρεώσεις που σχετίζονται με εν εξελίξει διαδικασίες και έρευνες. Μετά την οριστική περάτωση των αντίστοιχων νομικών διαδικασιών θα διαγράψουμε τα δεδομένα σας αμέσως.
Ανταπόκριση σε αιτήματα των υποκειμένων των δεδομένων
Οι νόμοι περί προστασίας δεδομένων σας παρέχουν διάφορα νομικά δικαιώματα. Δεσμευόμαστε να τα σεβόμαστε ανά πάσα στιγμή. Όταν ασκείτε αυτά τα δικαιώματα, πρέπει να επεξεργαζόμαστε τα δεδομένα σας για την αποτελεσματική αντιμετώπιση του αιτήματός σας. Για παράδειγμα, εάν επιλέξετε να ασκήσετε το δικαίωμά σας για πρόσβαση, πρέπει να συγκεντρώσουμε όλες τις πληροφορίες που έχουμε στη διάθεσή μας για να ανταποκριθούμε στην υποχρέωσή μας να σας παρέχουμε απάντηση. Για να το επιτύχουμε αυτό, μπορούμε να επεξεργαστούμε κάθε είδους δεδομένα που έχουμε στην κατοχή μας για εσάς, μόνο στο βαθμό που είναι απαραίτητο για να συμμορφωθούμε με τις νομικές υποχρεώσεις μας.
Η νομική βάση για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων σας για τη συμμόρφωση με τα αιτήματα των υποκειμένων των δεδομένων είναι η «νομική υποχρέωση» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(γ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Διατηρούμε αυτές τις πληροφορίες για όσο χρονικό διάστημα είναι απαραίτητο για τη συμμόρφωση με τις νομικές μας υποχρεώσεις.
Κανονιστική συμμόρφωση στην Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση (ΕΕ)
Σύμφωνα με διάφορα ρυθμιστικά πλαίσια στην ΕΕ, όπως οι κανονισμοί για τις χρηματοπιστωτικές υπηρεσίες, οι νόμοι περί αντιμονοπωλιακής νομοθεσίας και ανταγωνισμού, ο νόμος για τις ψηφιακές υπηρεσίες (DSA) ή ο κανονισμός για την προώθηση της δίκαιης μεταχείρισης και της διαφάνειας για τους επιχειρηματικούς χρήστες επιγραμμικών υπηρεσιών διαμεσολάβησης (Platform-to-Business), είμαστε υποχρεωμένοι να μοιραζόμαστε ορισμένα συγκεντρωτικά δεδομένα με τα μέρη που ορίζονται σε αυτούς τους νόμους (για παράδειγμα, τα συνεργαζόμενα καταστήματα στην πλατφόρμα μας ή τους ρυθμιστικούς φορείς σύμφωνα με τον DSA). Παρόλο που τα δεδομένα αυτά θα προέρχονται από προσωπικά αναγνωρίσιμα δεδομένα χρηστών, γενικά δεν υποχρεούμαστε να μοιραζόμαστε προσωπικά δεδομένα με τρίτους βάσει αυτών των νόμων. Η επεξεργασία των δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα βασίζεται στη νομική βάση της «νομικής υποχρέωσης» σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 6(1)(γ) ΓΚΠΔ.
Ποιος θα λάβει τα δεδομένα σας και υπό ποιες συνθήκες;
Μπορείτε να μας εμπιστευτείτε στο ότι, εντός της εταιρείας μας, θα έχουν πρόσβαση στα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα, μόνο οι υπάλληλοι που τα χρειάζονται για να εκπληρώσουν τα επαγγελματικά τους καθήκοντα, όπως για παράδειγμα να σας παρέχουν μια εξαιρετική διαδικτυακή εμπειρία ή να εξετάσουν το αίτημά σας για υποστήριξη. Σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις, πρέπει επίσης να μοιραστούμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα με αποδέκτες εκτός της εταιρείας μας. Σας διαβεβαιώνουμε ότι τα δεδομένα σας κοινοποιούνται σε αυτούς τους παραλήπτες μόνο στο βαθμό που είναι απαραίτητο για τους καθορισμένους σκοπούς και μόνο εφόσον επιτρέπεται από το νόμο.
Εκτός από την κοινοποίηση των δεδομένων με τα μέρη που έχουν ήδη καθοριστεί παραπάνω, θα κοινοποιήσουμε τα δεδομένα σας αποκλειστικά ως εξής
Α. Εταιρείες του ομίλου Delivery Hero
Είμαστε μέρος ενός διεθνούς ομίλου εταιρειών με νομικές οντότητες σε πολλά μέρη του κόσμου, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της έδρας του ομίλου μας που βρίσκεται με την Delivery Hero SE στο Βερολίνο της Γερμανίας. Προκειμένου να αξιοποιήσουμε αποτελεσματικά τους πόρους μας και να διασφαλίσουμε την ορθή λειτουργία των επιχειρηματικών μας διαδικασιών, χρησιμοποιούμε τις κοινές υπηρεσίες τεχνολογικής υποστήριξης σε επίπεδο ομίλου, οι οποίες ενίοτε καθιστούν αναγκαία την κοινή χρήση προσωπικών δεδομένων με τη μητρική μας εταιρεία, την Delivery Hero SE, ή με τις τοποθεσίες των παγκόσμιων τεχνολογικών μας κόμβων. Σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις, ενδέχεται επίσης να μοιραζόμαστε περιορισμένα δεδομένα με άλλες εταιρείες του ομίλου, για παράδειγμα, για να βοηθήσουμε με την είσπραξη πληρωμών ή να εφαρμόσουμε μέτρα ασφαλείας της πλατφόρμας.
Οι εταιρείες του ομίλου Delivery Hero δεσμεύονται από αυστηρές συμφωνίες μεταφοράς δεδομένων εντός του ομίλου, οι οποίες διασφαλίζουν τη συμμόρφωση με τις απαιτήσεις προστασίας των δεδομένων κάθε φορά που μοιράζονται προσωπικά δεδομένα με εταιρείες του ομίλου.
Β. Εκτελούντες την επεξεργασία
Χρησιμοποιούμε διάφορους τρίτους παρόχους υπηρεσιών για την εκτέλεση των δραστηριοτήτων μας. Πολλοί από αυτούς τους παρόχους επεξεργάζονται τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα ως οι λεγόμενοι «εκτελούντες την επεξεργασία δεδομένων». Αυτό σημαίνει ότι επιτρέπεται να επεξεργάζονται τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα μόνο υπό τις οδηγίες μας και δεν έχουν καμία αξίωση να επεξεργάζονται τα προσωπικά δεδομένα σας για δικούς τους, ανεξάρτητους σκοπούς. Οι εκτελούντες την επεξεργασία μας ελέγχονται αυστηρά και αναθέτουμε την επεξεργασία μόνο σε εκτελούντες που πληρούν τα υψηλά πρότυπα προστασίας δεδομένων που εφαρμόζουμε. Ο κύριος εκτελών την επεξεργασία δεδομένων για την τεχνολογία υπηρεσιών cloud στην πλατφόρμα μας είναι η μητρική εταιρία του ομίλου μας Delivery Hero SE στο Βερολίνο. Η Delivery Hero SE μας παρέχει ένα ευρύ φάσμα υπηρεσιών τεχνολογίας, όπως φιλοξενία στο cloud, ασφάλεια της πλατφόρμας, εργαλεία μάρκετινγκ ή διαχείρισης χρηστών.
Η Delivery Hero SE θα χρησιμοποιεί επίσης άλλους εκτελούντες την επεξεργασία δεδομένων (τους λεγόμενους «υπεργολάβους»), ως εξής:
Οι πλατφόρμες και οι βάσεις δεδομένων των χρηστών μας βρίσκονται σε υπηρεσίες cloud που παρέχονται από τις θυγατρικές της Google Cloud Platform και της Amazon Web Services στην ΕυρωπαΪκή Ένωση. Χρησιμοποιούμε εργαλεία μάρκετινγκ και επικοινωνίας από εταιρείες όπως η SalesForce ή η Braze. Οι οικονομικές και λογιστικές μας πλατφόρμες παρέχονται από την SAP. Μπορείτε ανά πάσα στιγμή να ζητήσετε τον πλήρη κατάλογο των αποδεκτών των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων.
Γ. Άλλα τρίτα μέρη και πάροχοι υπηρεσιών
Εκτός από τους εκτελούντες την επεξεργασία δεδομένων, συνεργαζόμαστε επίσης με τρίτους, στους οποίους κοινοποιούμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα, οι οποίοι όμως δεν δεσμεύονται από τις οδηγίες μας και επεξεργάζονται τα δεδομένα σας ανεξάρτητα. Αυτοί μπορεί να είναι οι σύμβουλοι, οι δικηγόροι ή οι λογιστές μας, οι οποίοι λαμβάνουν τα δεδομένα σας από εμάς βάσει σύμβασης και επεξεργάζονται τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα για νομικούς σκοπούς ή για την προστασία των δικών μας συμφερόντων. Σε καμία περίπτωση δεν θα πουλήσουμε ή θα ενοικιάσουμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα σε τρίτους χωρίς τη ρητή και ενημερωμένη συγκατάθεσή σας.
Δ. Συγχωνεύσεις & εξαγορές, αλλαγή ιδιοκτησίας
Σε περίπτωση συγχώνευσης με ή εξαγοράς από άλλη εταιρεία ή όμιλο επιχειρήσεων, ενδέχεται να χρειαστεί να αποκαλύψουμε περιορισμένες πληροφορίες στην εν λόγω εταιρεία και στους συμβούλους της, οι οποίοι δεσμεύονται να διατηρήσουν την εμπιστευτικότητα των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων. Αυτό μπορεί να συμβεί σε περιπτώσεις όπως οι διαδικασίες δέουσας επιμέλειας και οι γνωστοποιήσεις υπό τις κανονιστικές απαιτήσεις.
Σε κάθε περίπτωση, θα διασφαλίσουμε ότι αποκαλύπτουμε μόνο τον ελάχιστο αριθμό πληροφοριών που απαιτούνται για τη διενέργεια της συναλλαγής, ενώ παράλληλα θα εξετάζουμε προσεκτικά τη δυνατότητα αφαίρεσης ή ανωνυμοποίησης οποιωνδήποτε δεδομένων που θα μπορούσαν να ταυτοποιήσουν πρόσωπα.
Ε. Εισαγγελικές αρχές, δικαστήρια και άλλες δημόσιες αρχές
Κατά καιρούς μπορεί να μας ζητηθεί να αποκαλύψουμε προσωπικά δεδομένα σε δημόσιες αρχές. Σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις, ενδέχεται να αποκαλύψουμε δεδομένα προσωπικού χαρακτήρα σε δημόσιες αρχές προκειμένου να εγείρουμε ή να υπερασπιστούμε νομικές αξιώσεις, να προστατεύσουμε τα δικαιώματα και τα συμφέροντά μας ή να αντιμετωπίσουμε ζητήματα ασφάλειας.
Παραδείγματα τέτοιων καταστάσεων περιλαμβάνουν τη συνεργασία για την ανίχνευση και την πρόληψη διαφόρων μορφών εγκλημάτων, την ανταπόκριση σε νομικές διαδικασίες, όπως δικαστικές αποφάσεις ή κλητεύσεις, ή την ανταλλαγή δεδομένων με τις φορολογικές αρχές για σκοπούς που σχετίζονται με τη φορολογική νομοθεσία. Τέτοιες δημόσιες αρχές μπορεί να περιλαμβάνουν αστυνομικές αρχες, δικαστήρια, φορολογικές αρχές ή άλλους κυβερνητικούς φορείς.
Πώς διαβιβάζουμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα σε άλλες χώρες;
Εμείς και οι τρίτοι με τους οποίους μοιραζόμαστε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα ενδέχεται να διαβιβάζουμε δεδομένα σε χώρες διαφορετικές από τη χώρα στην οποία χρησιμοποιείτε τις υπηρεσίες μας. Όπου πραγματοποιούνται τέτοιες διαβιβάσεις, λαμβάνουμε τα κατάλληλα μέτρα για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι τα δεδομένα σας έχουν πάντοτε επαρκές επίπεδο προστασίας στις χώρες στις οποίες διαβιβάζονται.
Για παράδειγμα, εάν διαβιβάζουμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα από χώρα εντός του Ευρωπαϊκού Οικονομικού Χώρου (ΕΟΧ) σε χώρα εκτός του ΕΟΧ, λαμβάνουμε κατάλληλα μέτρα προστασίας για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι οι διαβιβάσεις αυτές παρέχουν επίπεδο προστασίας που συμμορφώνεται με τις απαιτήσεις προστασίας δεδομένων. Εάν υπάρχουν ειδικές περαιτέρω απαιτήσεις της νομοθεσίας της χώρας στην οποία χρησιμοποιείτε τις υπηρεσίες μας, θα τις τηρούμε και αυτές. Συγκεκριμένα, όσον αφορά τις διαβιβάσεις από τον ΕΟΧ σε χώρες εκτός ΕΟΧ, βασιζόμαστε σε μια σειρά διασφαλίσεων:
Αποφάσεις επάρκειας
από την Επιτροπή της ΕΕ (συμπεριλαμβανομένων και των Ηνωμένων Πολιτειών, στο βαθμό που οι αποδέκτες έχουν πιστοποιηθεί βάσει του πλαισίου προστασίας ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ (Privacy Framework) ή άλλης ισχύουσας αμοιβαίας συμφωνίας μεταξύ της ΕΕ και των ΗΠΑ),
Τυποποιημένες συμβατικές ρήτρες
που συμφωνούνται αμοιβαία στη σύμβασή μας με τον αποδέκτη των δεδομένων (συμπεριλαμβανομένων τυχόν συμπληρωματικών μέτρων, εάν απαιτείται).
Περαιτέρω κατάλληλες διασφαλίσεις
σύμφωνα με το άρθρο 46 ΓΚΠΔ (για παράδειγμα δεσμευτικοί εταιρικοί κανόνες).
Εάν επιθυμείτε να λάβετε αντίγραφο των κατάλληλων εγγυήσεων που διασφαλίζουν τη διαβίβαση δεδομένων, παρακαλούμε επικοινωνήστε μαζί μας.
Ποια είναι τα νομικά σας δικαιώματα;
Σύμφωνα με τους νόμους περί προστασίας δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα, έχετε τα ακόλουθα δικαιώματα:
Δικαίωμα Πρόσβασης
Έχετε το δικαίωμα να έχετε πρόσβαση στα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα και να
λάβετε πρόσθετες πληροφορίες σχετικά με τον τρόπο με τον οποίο τα
επεξεργαζόμαστε. Μπορείτε επίσης να ζητήσετε αντίγραφο των προσωπικών
σας δεδομένων.
Δικαίωμα διόρθωσης
Εάν παρατηρήσετε ότι τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα είναι εσφαλμένα, μπορείτε
πάντα να ζητήσετε να τα διορθώσουμε.
Δικαίωμα διαγραφής
Έχετε το δικαίωμα να μας ζητήσετε να διαγράψουμε τα προσωπικά σας
δεδομένα. Σημειώστε ότι, ακόμη και αν ασκήσετε αυτό το δικαίωμα,
ενδέχεται να είμαστε υποχρεωμένοι να διατηρήσουμε ορισμένα από τα
δεδομένα σας, εάν τα επεξεργαζόμαστε στο πλαίσιο των νομικών μας
υποχρεώσεων ή για την επιδίωξη των δικών μας (ή τρίτων) νόμιμων
συμφερόντων, όπως η διεκδίκηση ή η υπεράσπιση νομικών αξιώσεων, η
ολοκλήρωση ερωτημάτων εξυπηρέτησης πελατών, η πρόληψη της απάτης ή η
προστασία μας ή άλλων από καταχρηστική συμπεριφορά.
Δικαίωμα περιορισμού της επεξεργασίας
Εάν έχετε ζητήσει τη διαγραφή των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων, αλλά μας
απαγορεύει ο νόμος να τα διαγράψουμε αμέσως, θα αποθηκεύσουμε τα
δεδομένα σας στα αρχεία μας και θα τα διατηρήσουμε για τον αποκλειστικό
σκοπό της εκπλήρωσης των νομικών μας υποχρεώσεων. Ωστόσο, δεν θα
μπορείτε να χρησιμοποιήσετε τις υπηρεσίες μας κατά τη διάρκεια αυτού του
χρονικού διαστήματος, καθώς αυτό θα απαιτούσε να αποαρχειοθετήσουμε τα
προσωπικά σας δεδομένα.
Δικαίωμα στη φορητότητα δεδομένων
Μπορείτε να μας ζητήσετε να σας παράσχουμε ή σε άλλον υπεύθυνο
επεξεργασίας τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα σε μορφή αναγνώσιμη από
μηχανήματα. Ωστόσο, σημειώστε ότι αυτό το δικαίωμα ισχύει μόνο για
δεδομένα που επεξεργαζόμαστε βάσει της συγκατάθεσής σας
Δικαίωμα ένστασης κατά της επεξεργασίας των δεδομένων σας
Έχετε το δικαίωμα, για λόγους που απορρέουν από την ιδιαίτερη κατάστασή
σας, να αντιταχθείτε ανά πάσα στιγμή σε οποιαδήποτε επεξεργασία των
προσωπικών σας δεδομένων, που υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία βάσει των
νόμιμων συμφερόντων μας. Εάν αντιταχθείτε, δεν θα επεξεργαζόμαστε πλέον
τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα, εκτός εάν μπορούμε να αποδείξουμε
επιτακτικούς λόγους για την επεξεργασία που υπερισχύουν των συμφερόντων,
των δικαιωμάτων και των ελευθεριών σας ή η επεξεργασία εξυπηρετεί τη
διεκδίκηση, άσκηση ή υπεράσπιση νομικών αξιώσεων.
Έχετε επίσης το δικαίωμα να αντιταχθείτε ανά πάσα στιγμή, χωρίς να
δώσετε καμία εξήγηση, στην επεξεργασία των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων για
σκοπούς άμεσης εμπορικής προώθησης (συμπεριλαμβανομένης οποιασδήποτε
σχετικής κατάρτισης προφίλ). Μπορείτε να το κάνετε αυτό, μέσω των
ρυθμίσεων του λογαριασμού σας στο efood.
Δικαίωμα καταγγελίας
Μπορείτε να υποβάλετε καταγγελία σχετικά με την επεξεργασία των
προσωπικών σας δεδομένων από το efood στην αρχή προστασίας δεδομένων στη
χώρα της συνήθους διαμονής σας, του τόπου εργασίας ή του τόπου όπου
πιστεύετε ότι έχει σημειωθεί παραβίαση της νομοθεσίας περί προστασίας
δεδομένων. Σε περίπτωση διασυνοριακής επεξεργασίας δεδομένων, μπορείτε
επίσης να υποβάλετε καταγγελία στην κύρια εποπτική αρχή μας στο Βερολίνο
της Γερμανίας.
Η Εποπτική Αρχή που είναι αρμόδια για την Ελλάδα είναι:
Ελληνική Αρχή Προστασίας Δεδομένων Προσωπικού Χαρακτήρα
Τηλέφωνο: +30-210 6475600
Φαξ: +30-210 6475628
E-mail:
contact@dpa.gr
Δικαίωμα να μην υπόκειστε σε απόφαση που βασίζεται αποκλειστικά στην
αυτοματοποιημένη επεξεργασία
Έχετε το δικαίωμα να αντιταχθείτε σε μια πλήρως αυτοματοποιημένη απόφαση
(δηλαδή χωρίς ανθρώπινη παρέμβαση στη διαδικασία λήψης αποφάσεων) που
έχει νομικά αποτελέσματα ή σας επηρεάζει σημαντικά.
Για να ασκήσετε τα δικαιώματά σας, σας ενθαρρύνουμε να χρησιμοποιήσετε τις λειτουργίες που είναι διαθέσιμες στον λογαριασμό σας ανά πάσα στιγμή. Για παράδειγμα, εάν θέλετε να διαγράψετε τα δεδομένα σας, μπορείτε να το κάνετε απευθείας ακολουθώντας τα σχετικά βήματα στο προφίλ σας. Αυτές οι μέθοδοι αυτοεξυπηρέτησης έχουν σχεδιαστεί για να επιταχύνουν τη διαδικασία εκπλήρωσης των δικαιωμάτων σας. Εναλλακτικά, μπορείτε επίσης να επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας μέσω email στο
privacy@e-food.gr
για περαιτέρω βοήθεια.
Πόσο καιρό διατηρούμε τα δεδομένα σας;
Διατηρούμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα για όσο διάστημα είναι απαραίτητο για την επίτευξη των σκοπών που περιγράψαμε παραπάνω. Η διάρκεια για την οποία διατηρούμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα καθορίζεται από παράγοντες όπως το εύρος, η φύση και οι σκοποί της επεξεργασίας των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων και αν έχουμε έννομα συμφέροντα ή νομικές υποχρεώσεις που απαιτούν από εμάς να διατηρήσουμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα.
Πώς χρησιμοποιούμε την αλγοριθμική λήψη αποφάσεων;
Ορισμένες από τις διαδικασίες μας περιλαμβάνουν τη χρήση αλγοριθμικής λήψης αποφάσεων και μηχανικής μάθησης. Προσπαθούμε συνεχώς να εφαρμόζουμε μεθόδους που διασφαλίζουν σημαντικό επίπεδο ανθρώπινης επίβλεψης στη διαδικασία λήψης αποφάσεων, επιτρέποντάς μας να τροποποιούμε ή να αντιστρέψουμε τις αποφάσεις όπως απαιτείται.
Σε πολλές περιπτώσεις, οι αλγοριθμικές διαδικασίες λήψης αποφάσεων χωρίς ανθρώπινη επίβλεψη δεν θα έχουν νομικά ή παρόμοια σημαντικά αποτελέσματα για εσάς. Όπου το κάνουν, θα διασφαλίσουμε ότι έχετε το δικαίωμα να μην υπόκειστε στις αλγοριθμικές διαδικασίες λήψης αποφάσεων, εκτός εάν αυτές οι διαδικασίες είναι εξουσιοδοτημένες από την ισχύουσα νομοθεσία ή είναι απαραίτητες για τη σύναψη ή την εκτέλεση μιας σύμβασης. Σε αυτές τις περιπτώσεις, μπορείτε πάντα να αντιταχθείτε στην απόφαση και να ζητήσετε ανθρώπινη αξιολόγηση επικοινωνώντας μαζί μας.
Για λεπτομερείς πληροφορίες σχετικά με τις συγκεκριμένες περιπτώσεις στις οποίες χρησιμοποιούνται αλγοριθμικές διαδικασίες λήψης αποφάσεων, επισκεφτείτε τις παραπάνω ενότητες που εξηγούν πώς χρησιμοποιούμε τα προσωπικά σας στοιχεία.
Τροποποιήσεις στην παρούσα Δήλωση Απορρήτου
Ενδέχεται να ενημερώνουμε κατά καιρούς αυτήν τη Δήλωση Απορρήτου για να αντικατοπτρίζει τις νέες διαδικασίες, τις νέες τεχνολογίες και τις νομικές υποχρεώσεις μας. Δεσμευόμαστε να σας κρατάμε ενήμερους μέσω της παρούσας δήλωσης για τυχόν αλλαγές στις πρακτικές απορρήτου μας, επομένως σας ενθαρρύνουμε να επισκέπτεστε συχνά αυτήν τη σελίδα προκειμένου να παρακολουθείτε όλες τις τροποποιήσεις.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/row/privacy-policy/en:
What information we collect
How we use your information
How we share your information
Where we store your information
Your rights and choices
The security of your information
How long we keep your information
Information relating to children and teens
Privacy Policy update
Contact
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
Other regions
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Sep 30, 2024
What information we collect
How we use your information
How we share your information
Where we store your information
Your rights and choices
The security of your information
How long we keep your information
Information relating to children and teens
Privacy Policy update
Contact
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
Welcome to TikTok. This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Pte. Ltd., with its registered address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583 (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”).
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users, and other individuals in connection with our Platform. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
What information we collect
We may collect the following information about you:
Information You Provide
Your profile information.
You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username, password, date of birth (where applicable), email address and/or telephone number, information you disclose in your user profile, and your photograph or profile video.
User content.
We process the content you generate on the Platform, including photographs, audios and videos you upload or create, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and livestreams you make, and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created (“User Content”). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content, in order to recommend audio options and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Messages.
We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
We may access content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s
clipboard
, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate content sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Purchase information.
When you make a purchase or payment on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase goods through our shopping features, we collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and items you purchased.
Your phone and social network contacts.
If you choose to sync your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to share your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
Proof of your identity or age.
We sometimes ask you to provide proof of identity or age in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Business Account, ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform, or in other instances where verification may be required.
Information in
correspondence
you send to us, including when you contact us for support or feedback.
Information through surveys, research, promotion, contests, marketing campaigns, challenges, competitions or events conducted or sponsored by us, in which you participate.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage Information.
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform,
e.g.
, how you engage with the Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, the advertisements you view, videos you watch and problems encountered, browsing and search history, the content you like, the content you save to ‘My Favourites’, the users you follow and how you engage with mutual followers.
Inferred Information.
We also infer your attributes, including your interests, gender and age range for the purpose of personalising content.
Technical Information we collect about you.
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
Location Information.
We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect precise location data (such as GPS). In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add location information to your User Content.
Image and Audio Information.
We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations.
Cookies.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “
Your rights and choices
” section below.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
If you choose to register or use the Platform using a third-party social network account details (
e.g.
, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google) or login service, you will provide us or allow to provide us with your username, public profile, and other possible information related to such account. We will likewise share certain information with your social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you link your TikTok account to another service, we may receive information about your use of that service.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel).
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platforms.
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
We may receive information from merchants and payment and transaction fulfillment providers about you, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
How we use your information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, personalise content you see on the Platform, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience. We generally use the information we collect in the following ways:
To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
To provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
To personalise the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
To send promotional materials, including by instant messaging or email, from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements and other content we serve to you and others, and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function) and to share whether you are active on the Platform (and other information which you choose to share) with your friends, to provide our messaging service if you choose to use this function, to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
To enable you to participate in the virtual items program.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, to invite you to participate in an event, and to promote popular topics, hashtags and campaigns on the Platform.
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age range, gender, and interests.
To help us detect and combat abuse, harmful activity, fraud, spam, and illegal activity on the Platform.
To ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
To promote the safety, security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
To facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
To verify your identity or age.
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To facilitate and fulfill sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.
How we share your information
We share your information with the following parties:
Business Partners
If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (
e.g.
, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your phone number, email address, username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.
Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the content will be shared.
Service Providers
We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the Platform.
Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers
: If you choose to buy Coins or conduct other payment related transactions, we will share data with the relevant payment provider to facilitate this transaction. For Coin transactions, we share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your account with the correct value in coins once you have made the payment.
Analytics providers:
We use analytics providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform. Our third-party analytics providers also help us serve targeted advertisements.
Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Measurement Partners
We share information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement.
If you use the TikTok Lite version of TikTok, we share information with advertising networks to display personalised advertisements to you on the TikTok Lite app and elsewhere online. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Independent Researchers
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria.
Our Corporate Group
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide the Platform, to improve and optimise the Platform, to prevent illegal use and to support users.
For Legal Reasons
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
Public Profiles
Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings.
Sale, Merger or Other Business Transactions
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers, and Other Service Providers
When you make a purchase through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers. For example, we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so your order can be processed. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.
Where we store your information
Your information may be stored on servers located outside the country where you live, such as in Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland and the United States. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously.
Your rights and choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. You may be afforded certain rights under applicable laws, which may include the right to access, delete, update, or rectify your data, to be informed of the processing of your data, to file complaints with authorities, and potentially other rights. You may submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable laws at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. Please also see the Supplemental Terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country.
You can access and edit most of your profile information by signing into TikTok. You can delete the User Content you uploaded. We also provide a number of tools in Settings that allow you to control, among others, who can view your videos, send you messages, or post comments to your videos. Should you choose to do so, you may delete your entire account in Settings.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your device browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
The security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will use reasonable measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.
We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
How long we keep your information
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile and User Content from public view immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
Information relating to children and teens
TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 13. In certain cases this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local supplemental terms for more information. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
If you are a parent or guardian, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use.
Privacy Policy update
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy or providing any other notice required by applicable law. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Please also see the supplemental terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country.
We will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to make a complaint with a relevant data protection authority, where applicable.
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control.
Argentina
If you are using our services in Argentina, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Your rights and options
According to Law No. 25,326, Regulatory Decree No. 1558/2001 and the provisions and/or binding resolutions issued by the Agency for Access to Public Information ("AAIP"), you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification and deletion regarding data protection. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
free of charge.
We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the AAIP. You can contact AAIP through the site:
https://www.argentina.gob.ar/aaip/datospersonales/derechos
.
Australia
If you are using the Platform in Australia, the following additional terms shall apply.
Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are given limited remote access to your information so that they can provide certain functions, as described in the section on "
How we share your information
". Please see
here
for further information on the countries in which our corporate group entities which receive personal information from Australia are located.
Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Exercise of data protection rights.
Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
X. request a review of decisions made solely based on automated processing of personal data affecting your interests, including decisions made to define your personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD).
Verifying your identity
: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights
: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us through the form "Contact". If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
DPO: If you wish to reach the TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/DPO
Access Logs
. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment for at least 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
Language
. The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in the Portuguese language. If you are a user located in Brazil, you shall refer to the Portuguese version, which shall prevail.
International Transfers. International data transfers are necessary for us to provide our services. If you are located in Brazil, we will always rely on one of the international data transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Canada
If you are using the Platform in Canada, the following additional terms apply.
Information Relating to Children and Teens.
Please note that if you are a resident of the Province of Quebec, you are only permitted to use the Platform if you are at least 14 years old.
Your Rights
. Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may contact us using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request or that they are authorized to act on behalf of another individual in such matters.
Your Choices
. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email we send. You can also adjust your preferences regarding certain types of personalized advertising by using the Ads tools in Settings. For more information about managing your account and privacy settings, please visit our Account and Privacy Settings page at
https://support.tiktok.com/en/account-and-privacy
.
Internal Policies and Access Controls.
We implement and maintain internal policies and technical measures to restrict access to your personal information within our organization. Access to personal information within our organization is limited to employees who need the information to perform their job functions. For example, our customer support team may have access to certain types of information during our interactions with you, such as responding to complaints and inquiries. Similarly, our content moderators may access certain information in order to enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Data Retention Practices.
We have procedures in place to limit the retention periods as set out in the “
How Long We Keep Your Information
” section above. When personal information is no longer needed for these purposes or is no longer required to be retained by law, we take appropriate steps to dispose of it securely in accordance with our internal procedures.
Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction
. We and our service providers (including members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group) may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada (and, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States, Malaysia, Ireland, Singapore, and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our service providers are located. For information about how we or our service providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal information, please contact us using the contact information set out below. We and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate.
Contact
. If you are a resident of Canada, you can contact our Privacy Office at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Privacy-Office-Canada
Egypt
If you are using our services in Egypt, the following additional terms apply.
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
India
If you are using our services in India, the Platform is provided and controlled by ByteDance (India) Technology Private Limited. TikTok is our brand for providing and promoting the services. When using these services from India, please accordingly read “TikTok”, “we” or “us” in this policy to refer to Bytedance (India) Technology India Private Limited.
Indonesia
If you are using our services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall apply.
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent.
By accessing and/or using this Platform, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform.
Your Choices
. You may withdraw your consent to TikTok's disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your request, we will cease to display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of TikTok features and functionality.
You may request TikTok to (i) disclose the history of personal data that we have collected; and/or (ii) erase and dispose of your personal data that we have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to erase and dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of TikTok’s features and functionality.
To exercise any of your rights, contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
Notification.
In the event of any breach of personal data, we will notify you and provide you with information regarding such breach of personal data.
Data retention
. We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for five (5) years (or longer if required) in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform and the five (5) years retention period has lapsed, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format. Non-personally identifiable information may be retained indefinitely for analytics.
Israel
If you are using our services in Israel, the following additional terms apply.
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
Japan
If you are using our services in Japan, the following additional terms and our
Japanese language Privacy Policy
apply:
If you are under the age of 15, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform.
If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 15, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account, as well as TikTok's processing of your child's personal data in accordance with TikTok's Privacy Policy.
Kenya
If you are using our services in Kenya, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail.
The legal bases we rely on to process data: We collect and use personal data to offer the Platform as described above. We do so under the lawful basis that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract in which you are entering or have entered. In some circumstances, we may have to process data for other purposes that are not necessary for the performance of the contract. In such cases, the processing may be based upon (i) our legitimate interests; (ii) compliance with our legal obligations; and/or (iii) consent you may have provided to us.
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent: You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are below 18 years old:
you must obtain consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) shall be responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; and (ii) your compliance with this Policy.
If you are not at least 18 years of age and you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are not willing to open an account under their name(s), you must cease accessing the Platform.
Consequences for Failing to Provide Certain Personal Data: You will be asked to provide certain information (as described above under the ‘What information we collect’ section) before using the Platform or certain functions. Failure to provide all or any part of such information may limit your access to the Platform or some of its features and functionalities.
Mexico
If you are using our services in Mexico, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
How we use your personal data.
Almost all purposes of processing stated in this section of the main Privacy Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes:
Provide you with personalized advertising.
The above purposes are not necessary for us to provide the Platform but allows us to provide you with a better experience. We offer you the possibility to take decisions regarding how we use and disclose your personal data. You can always limit the secondary purposes of personalised advertising by using the tools in Settings that allow you to limit certain functions.
We use both human and automated means to process your data.
How we share your personal data.
We may share your personal data to a third party for purposes other than processing on behalf of us. We will obtain your consent for such sharing as required by applicable laws.
By providing us with your personal data and using our Platform you agree to the transfers that require your consent. You can always revoke your consent and exercise your rights, as stated below.
Your Rights.
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification, cancellation, opposition, consent withdrawal, limitation to the use and disclosure of your data. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. To know more about the applicable requirements and procedure to exercise your rights, contact us to the mentioned email address. If you are under 18 years, you may exercise your rights through a parent or guardian. Your rights requests will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request.
Information relating to children.
You may review our parental consent section in the Terms of Service.
Philippines
If you are using our services in the Philippines, the following additional terms shall apply pursuant to the relevant laws, rules and regulations and issuances by the Philippines National Privacy Commission (“NPC”) on data privacy.
Your Rights.
To the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Russia
What are legal grounds for data processing.
When we process your personal data, we rely on the grounds of your consent, performance of a contract, our legitimate interest and obligations to process personal data, or when we are so required by law.
By signing up and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Where we store your personal data.
Your personal data may be transferred from Russia to Singapore and stored in that location, outside of the country where you live.
Public profiles.
We rely on your consent to public distribution of personal data, when your account settings are 'Public Profile'. You can change your profile to private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings.
Singapore
If you are using our services in Singapore, the following additional terms apply:
Data Protection Officer
: If you wish to reach TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, please contact us at:
Contact the Data Protection Officer | TikTok
South Africa
If you are using our services in South Africa, the following additional terms apply.
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
TikTok's legal entity in South Africa, TikTok South Africa (Pty) Limited (
TikTok SA
), is required by the terms of section 51 of the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2000 (
PAIA
) to compile an information manual (
PAIA Manual
) that provides details: (i) on its processing of personal information activities in terms of the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013 (
POPIA
); (ii) the process that must be followed for relevant individuals to exercise their data subject rights as provided for in POPIA; (iii) the records held by TikTok SA in terms of PAIA; and (iv) the process that needs to be followed by relevant individuals to request access to such records in terms of PAIA.
TikTok SA's PAIA Manual can be accessed
here
.
South Korea
If you are using our services in South Korea, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
How we share your personal data
. In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content.
Customized Ads
. We may from time to time provide customized ads on our Platform to provide you our Platform for free.
Data retention
. We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in this privacy policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:
Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce
. Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years; Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years; Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months.
Protection of Communications Secrets Act
. Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
Destruction of Personal data
. We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department.
Data rights
. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.
Data Security
. We work hard to protect TikTok and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed.
Information Relating to Children
. TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 14.
Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data.
To provide you with our Services, we directly collect and process your personal data overseas in Singapore. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers and IT service providers, some of whom are located abroad (
See the Addendum to the Privacy Policy (South Korea)
) subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. Where appropriate, we ensure that such entities which receive and process your data are subject to contractual obligations to store and use personal data in compliance with applicable domestic and international regulations and take appropriate physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer by contacting us
here
, provided that, you may be restricted from the use of certain Services if you refuse to such transfer.
Local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Please send your inquiries concerning privacy issues in South Korea to our local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Contact details are as follows.
Bae, Kim and Lee LLC
Representative: Soonik Kwon
Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro
Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea
Phone: +82-2-3404-0108
Email: privacytiktok@bkl.co.kr
Local representative pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Etc.
Bae, Kim and Lee LLC
Representative: Soonik Kwon
Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro
Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea
Phone: +82-2-3404-0108
Email: tiktok.kr.itnetwork@bkl.co.kr
Türkiye
If you are using our services in Türkiye, please refer to the
Turkish language Privacy Policy
for further information on our compliance with Law No. 6698 on the Protection of Personal Data.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law and dispute resolution
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE. In the event of a dispute arising between the parties in connection with this Privacy Policy:
where the dispute relates to a claim for a sum within the limits specified by the DIFC Small Claims Tribunal from time to time, then the dispute shall be referred by either party to the said Tribunal; and
for all other disputes, the parties shall seek settlement of that dispute by mediation in accordance with the Mediation Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. If the dispute is not settled by mediation within 30 days of the commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. The language to be used in the mediation and in the arbitration, shall be English. In any arbitration commenced pursuant to this clause the number of arbitrators shall be one and the arbitration shall be conducted in Dubai.
Vietnam
If you are using our services in Vietnam, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Methods of processing your personal data
. We may process your personal data by manual or automated methods.
Data subject's rights and obligations.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have statutory rights and obligations under applicable laws. In particular, you have the following statutory rights:
Right to know;
Right to consent and withdraw consent;
Right to access;
Right to delete data;
Right to restrict data processing;
Right to be provided with data;
Right to object data processing;
Right to complain, denounce or initiate lawsuits;
Right to claim for damages; and
Right to self-protection.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us through the details in the Contact section, and we will respond to your requests regardless of the location in which your data is stored.
You have the following statutory obligations:
Protect your own personal data;
Request other relevant organizations and individuals to protect your personal data;
Respect and protect personal data of others;
Provide complete and accurate personal data upon giving consent to the processing of your personal data; and
Other obligations under applicable laws.
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent.
If you are below 16 years old or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform if you are not at least 16 years of age.
Other Jurisdictions
In jurisdictions where the national or official language is not English, the version of the TikTok Privacy Policy in your local language may set out additional terms specific to your jurisdiction. Please also refer to the version of this Privacy Policy in your local language for further information.
Sub-policy 3
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.