Privacy Policy -
Fairmead Communications Ltd
1. Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data Fairmead Communications may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
Fairmead Communications Ltd is the publisher of Seahorse Magazine and the Seahorse websites
https://www.seahorsemagazine.com
and
https://www.seahorse.co.uk/
. Fairmead Communications is also the publisher of the Eurosail News newsletter and the website
https://www.eurosailnews.com/
.
2. When do we collect your personal data?
When you visit our website to subscribe to the magazine.
When you visit our website to claim a free digital copy of the magazine
When you visit our website to vote in the Sailor of the Month Competition.
When you subscribe to the Eurosail News newsletter.
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
3. What sort of personal data do we collect?
If you have a subscription with us: your name, billing/delivery address, email, and telephone number and payment card details.
If you have voted for Sailor of the Month: your name and email
4. How and why do we use your personal data?
To process subscription orders that you make by using our website. If we don’t collect your personal data during checkout, we won’t be able to process your order and comply with our legal obligations.
We will also use your data:
To remind you when your subscription is due for renewal.
To offer you a chance to subscribe to the magazine or newsletter.
To inform you of the winner of the Sailor of the Month competition.
To inform you of any articles we think would be if interest to you.
You are free to opt out from hearing from us at all by using the unsubscribe button.
5. How we protect your personal data
We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We do not your hold payment card details, all payments are made through Worldpay. Please click link for Worldpay’s privacy policy:
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/worldpay-privacy-notice
Access to any other personal data is fully password-protected.
6. How long will we keep your personal data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
At the end of that retention period your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised in the normal manner, for example by aggregation with other data so that it becomes unidentifiable and can only ever be used for statistical analysis and business planning.
7. Who do we share your personal data with?
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties including our mailing house to ensure delivery of your magazine
,
Here’s the policy we apply to those organisations to keep your data safe and protect your privacy:
We provide only the minimum of information they need to perform their specific service
They are contracted to only ever use your data for the exact purposes that we specify
We work closely with them to ensure your privacy is respected and protected at all times
If we cease using their services, any data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous to our satisfaction
Sharing your data with third parties for their own purposes:
We will only ever do this with your consent and in very specific circumstances. If your consent was given at the time you supply your personal data then we may pass that data securely to a third party for their direct marketing purposes.  This may include third parties outside of the European Economic Area such as the USA. Any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws and we will treat the information under the guiding principles of this Privacy Notice.
8. What are your rights over your personal data
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you (normally free of charge)
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete
The deletion of the data we hold about you, in specific circumstances. For example, when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has come to an end (e.g. the end of a warranty)
A computer file in a common format (e.g. CSV or similar) containing the personal data that you have previously provided to us and the right to have your information transferred to another entity where this is technically possible
Restriction of the use of your personal data, in specific circumstances, generally while we are deciding on an objection you may have made
That we stop processing your personal data in specific circumstances; for example, when you have withdrawn consent, or object for reasons related to your individual circumstances
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels)
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent
You can contact us to request to exercise these rights at any time by emailing:
subscriptions@seahorse.co.uk
If we choose not to action your request we will always explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation.
We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice.
If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.
9. How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails from us.
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are updated.
10. Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113
Or go online to
www.ico.org.uk/concerns
If you are based outside the UK you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/worldpay-privacy-notice:
English (US)
Careers
Sign In
Products
Take
Make
Manage
Do more
Online
Accept payments online
In store
Accept payments in person
Omnichannel
Accept payments across channels
Embedded
Embedded payments for software platforms
Payouts
Disburse funds all over the world
Optimize
Enhance your payments and authorization rates
Protect
Safeguard your payments
Understand
Analyze your payments data to improve performance
Loyalty and gift
Additional offerings for your customers
Embedded Finance
Embedded Finance technology for software companies
Who we serve
By business type
By industry
By partner type
Small business
Helping SMBs thrive and grow
Enterprise
Delivering on a massive scale to big businesses
Software platforms
Embedded solutions for software companies
Marketplaces
Where sellers get paid and make payouts
Crypto
Digital content and subscriptions
Field services for software platforms
Financial services
Gaming
Practice management for software platforms
Public sector
Restaurants
Retail
Software platforms
Travel and airlines
Financial institutions
Empower your bank customers with cutting-edge payment solutions
Independent sales organizations
Growing ISO revenue through innovative solutions and dedicated service
Software platforms
Embedded solutions for software companies
Customer stories
Read how our customers have solved their most pressing problems with Worldpay products
Insights
Insights
Articles
Read our insights about payments-related topics
Guides
Learn from our industry expertise
Customer stories
Discover how Worldpay helps all types of businesses
Resources
For customers
For developers
Support
Get the help you need
Account login
Find your login link
Developer Hub
Startup, SMB, software company, or large enterprise – we’ve got you covered with developer resources.
About
Company
About us
Details about Worldpay as a company
Executive team
See who is shaping Worldpay strategically
Careers
As a Worldpayer, you own your career
Newsroom
Get up to date on recent Worldpay news
Legal
Your hub for all of our legal documentation
Contact us
404 - Page Not Found
The page you were looking for could not be found.
Back to Home