Privacy policy
Your Privacy
Gill Education is totally committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors, customers and business contacts. Gill Education staff members are customers themselves of other businesses and Internet sites, and fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet and in general.
We will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is a necessary part of providing a service to you, e.g. arranging for a product to be sent to you.
Our website
When you visit our website, you are accepting the Gill Education website
terms and conditions
, as well as the terms of this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites that may link to or be linked to from the Gill Education website. Any external links to other websites are clearly identified as such.
Information we collect
We collect information, which includes Personal Data, about customers and about employees, agents and representatives of our customers, suppliers, service providers, other commercial partners and media contacts. This information is collected for the purposes of and in connection with our dealings with our customers and those other organisations and businesses. You may be such an individual.
Personal Data
means any information which Gill Education has or obtains, or which you provide, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number(s) and title or position, from which you can be directly or indirectly personally identified. This includes information such as IP addresses and online identifiers.
We may also collect certain statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis relating to all visitors to our website. This
Non-Personal Data
comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website. We collect this information to help us monitor traffic and enhance users’ experience of our website.
We may disclose aggregate statistics about the number of visitors to our site or the number of purchases made on the site, including for management purposes. However, you will not be identified personally in any of these statistics.
How we obtain your information
We will obtain your Personal Data directly from you, where we interact directly with you in the course of our business. This may be when you complete an order form for our books and services, including through our website, or where you otherwise contact us to request that we contact you in relation to a customer query or business interaction. We may also obtain some of your information indirectly, including from your employer, where you are employed by one of our customers, suppliers, service providers or other commercial partners.
Why we may request other information about you - Customers
Our aim when you visit
gilleducation.ie
is to provide you with the best and most efficient shopping experience possible. To do this, we may ask you for feedback and ask questions about your preferences, in order to understand your needs and provide you and our other visitors with a website that will be exciting, interesting and useful.
Children’s personal data
If you are under the age of 16 years, we are required to confirm that your parent or guardian has consented to our processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement. By agreeing to the
terms and conditions
and this privacy policy, you are confirming that your parent or guardian consented to our processing of your Personal Data.
Why we hold and use your information
We will use your Personal Data, but only to the extent necessary:
for the purposes of performing the contract you have entered into with us where you have ordered a book or services from us, including via this website, such as to contact you if required in connection with, or to deal with queries, complaints or suggestions in relation to, your purchases from us;
for compliance with our legal obligations or where we are ordered to disclose information by a court with appropriate jurisdiction;
where our use is for a legitimate purpose of Gill Education, including:
for day to day operational and business purposes, including board and business reporting and management purposes;
managing our contracts and relationships with our customers, suppliers, service providers and other commercial partners;
taking advice from our external legal and other advisors;
to help us improve our services and systems, and to improve your experience on our web and online services;
to undertake market research, statistical and product development analyses, and in deciding what marketing information to send to you and to make it more relevant to you;
the reorganisation or sale of the whole or part of our business;
where necessary to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights or for the purpose of legal proceedings;
where you have consented to our use for a particular purpose, such as for direct marketing or where you enter a competition on the website or at an event. If you do enter a competition, we will store your details in order to administer the competition and notify winners, and for marketing in accordance with any permissions you have given us.
If you do give your consent for us to use your Personal Data for a particular purpose, you have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to our future use of your Personal Data for some or all of those purposes by writing to us at the address set out under "
Contact Us
" below; and
for such other purposes as were notified to you at the time you provide the information to us.
When we disclose your information
We will not disclose any of your Personal Data to any third party, except as outlined above and / or as follows:
where the disclosure is necessary to enable us to carry out our obligations under our contract with you, or to carry out the obligations under and enforce our contracts with our customers, suppliers, service providers and other commercial partners;
to anyone providing a service to us or acting as our agents, which may include third party service providers, on the understanding that they will keep the Personal Data confidential;
where we need to share your Personal Data with our auditors, and our legal and other advisors;
to any (or any proposed) assignee, transferee, or successor in title to the whole or any relevant part of our business, and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers; and
if the disclosure is required by law or regulation, or court or administrative order having force of law, or is required to be made to any of our regulators.
We do not process your payment account or card details.
Our payment processor will ask you for your credit card number and expiry date; this will allow you to pay for the items you have ordered and ensure that they are delivered to you at the correct address.
In any case where we share your Personal Data with a third party data controller, such as our payment processor, the use by that third party of the Personal Data will be subject to the third party’s own privacy policies.
We do not sell, rent or trade information about you.
Keeping in touch...
Where you have purchased a book or service from us, or where you have given us permission, we may use the information you have submitted to contact you if we feel you may be interested in another product or service offered by Gill Education. You will be given the option to delete your personal details from our marketing database if you do not want to be contacted again.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer from a website and is stored on your hard drive.
If you have registered with us then your computer will store an identifying cookie. We use cookies to help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service to you. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.
Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to protect against your personal data being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. Third parties to which we disclose Personal Data for the purposes of processing it on our behalf will only process your Personal Data on our written instructions, and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to implement security measures to protect it.
Where you are transmitting information to us over the internet, this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. For any payments which we take from you or pay to you online we will use a recognised third party online secure payment system, and we are not responsible for the security of this system.
International transfers
Personal Data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area (the “
EEA
”) in connection with your interactions with us, in accordance with your instructions, where you have explicitly consented, and / or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Many of the countries will be within the EEA, or will be ones which the European Commission has approved, and will have data protection laws which are the same as or broadly equivalent to those in Ireland.
However, some transfers may be to countries which do not have equivalent protections, and in that case, we will use reasonable efforts to implement contractual protections for the Personal Data. While this will not always be possible where we are required to transfer information in order to comply with and perform our contract with you, or where we have a legal obligation to transfer the Personal Data, all transfers will be done in accordance with applicable data protection laws. This includes the implementation of appropriate or suitable safeguards in accordance with such applicable data protection laws, which may include where our service providers are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield or if they have implemented approved binding corporate rules. If you require further details on these transfers, please to
contact us
.
Retention of your information
We will retain certain of your information to ensure accuracy, to help maintain quality of service, for legal purposes, and for legitimate business purposes. Information will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was obtained by Gill Education or as required or permitted for legal purposes, and for legitimate business purposes. Gill Education (or its service providers on its behalf) will retain your Personal Data in accordance with our record retention policy, unless we are obliged to hold it for a longer period under law or applicable regulations. For further information in relation to our retention policy in relation to your Personal Data, please
contact us
.
Checking your Details
While we will use reasonable efforts to keep Personal Data up to date, you will need to notify Gill Education without delay in the event of any change in your personal circumstances, or those of the others mentioned above, so that Gill Education can keep the Personal Data up to date.
If you wish to verify the details you have submitted to Gill Education you may do so by contacting us via the
contact us
page, telephone or the address given below. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information.
Your Rights in relation to your Personal Data
You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Gill Education. This right can be exercised by writing to Gill Education at the address specified below.
You also have the right to correct any inaccuracies in, and in certain circumstances, to request erasure, or restriction on the use, of your Personal Data, and to object to certain uses of your Personal Data, in each case subject to the restrictions set out in applicable data protection laws. Further information on these rights, and the circumstances in which they may arise in connection with Gill Education’ processing of Personal Data, can be obtained by writing to us at the address specified below.
In any case where Gill Education is relying on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to change your mind and withdraw consent by writing to the address specified below.
Where Gill Education is relying on a legitimate purpose of Gill Education or a third party recipient of the Personal Data, in order to use and disclose Personal Data, you are entitled to object to such use or disclosure of your Personal Data, and if you do so, Gill Education will cease to use and process the Personal Data for that purpose unless Gill Education can show there are compelling legitimate reasons for it to continue or it needs to use the Personal Data for the purposes of legal claims.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your Personal Data by Gill Education with the Data Protection Commission at info@dataprotection.ie or by writing to:
Data Protection Commissioner
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Contacting Us
We are always pleased to hear from our customers (even if it is a complaint!). If you have any questions or comments about this statement please do not hesitate to
contact us
and we will be delighted to answer any questions you may have.
You can send a message using the
contact us
page,
telephone us at +353 (01) 500 9555
Or, fax us at +353 (01) 500 9599
Or, write to us at:
M.H. Gill & Co.
Hume Avenue
Park West
D12 YV96
Dublin
Ireland
Any changes to this privacy policy will appear on this page, keeping you up to date with our privacy policy whenever it may change.
Can’t find what you’re looking for?
Read more
Visit our Support Page
We're here to make things easy. Our support page is just a click away.
Read more
Read more
View our FAQs
Got a question? Find the answers to the questions we get asked the most.
Read more
Read more
Find your local sales rep
Your dedicated rep is ready to help with your questions and queries
Read more