Privacy Policy
Bikemap takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data with confidentiality in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
When using Bikemap services, personal data is collected and processed. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This privacy policy clarifies the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as “data”) within the online offering of Bikemap GmbH. The online offering includes related websites, applications (including apps for iOS and Android), features and content, also external online presences, such as social media profiles (collectively referred to as “online offering”). With regard to the terminology used, e.g., “Processing” or “Responsible Officer,” we refer to the definitions in Article 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. Data Collection at Bikemap
🚲
1.1. Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The party responsible for data processing on this website and related sites is:
Bikemap GmbH
Postgasse 8b
A-1010 Vienna
Represented by Managing Director: Heiko Riekenberg.
For questions regarding the handling of your personal data, you can contact our User Support or our Data Protection Coordinator at
privacy@bikemap.net
or
support@bikemap.net
.
The controller is the natural or legal person who, alone or jointly with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data.
1.2. How do we collect your data?
Your data is collected by communicating it to us, including by:
Creating a user account;
Creating a route, saving it and adding pictures and descriptions;
By choosing a premium model and sharing your credit card or account information with our payment providers;
Interacting with Bikemap social media accounts;
Interacting with our in-app advertisements;
Sending us an email or support request; and,
If you are applying for a job with us.
1.3. What do we use your data for?
We need your data to be able to create your user account in order to provide our services, as well as to store and manage your created routes. You can decide for yourself whether these will be publicly accessible when creating routes or afterwards via the privacy configuration in your account. Please keep in mind that if you publish your routes for public access, your profile information could appear in a Google search. Some of the data is collected in order to ensure an error-free provision of
Bikemap.net
. In addition, other data may be used to analyse your user behaviour in order to improve our offer, such as the route editor.
In this case, the processing takes place on the legal basis of contract performance according to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.b GDPR).
1.4. Automated data collection 🔁
Other data is collected automatically when accessing our website for technical reasons by our IT systems. These are mainly technical data (e.g., IP address, Internet browser, operating system, or time of the page call). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website, anonymised and stored separately from other data that you may transmit to us for only 90 days.
In this case, the processing takes place on the basis of our predominantly legitimate interests mentioned above (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR).
1.5. What rights do you have regarding your data? ⚖️
You are the owner of your data; thus, you have the right at any time to request information free of charge about the origin, recipient, and purpose of your stored personal data. You also have a right to request the correction or deletion of this data. If you have given your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time in the future. In addition, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with us or the competent supervisory authority. You can find a more detailed list of your rights in point 6 of this privacy policy.
1.6. Third-party analysis tools  🛠️
When visiting this website and when using
Bikemap.net
or related apps, your surfing behaviour can be statistically evaluated. This is done primarily with so-called analysis programs. Detailed information about these analysis programs can be found in point 11 of this privacy policy.
2. Registration Data
When creating an account with Bikemap, you must provide the following necessary information:
Email 📧
Full name
Password.
Your registration data is required to set up and manage a user account for you so that you can use all the features of our service. In this case, you conclude a (free) usage contract with us on the basis of which we collect this data (Art. 6 Para. 1 b GDPR). In order to conclude the contract, you have to provide us with this data. However, you are neither contractually nor legally obliged to conclude the contract and thus provide the data. When you log in to Bikemap, we also save your IP address for a short period of time in order to be able to detect and prevent possible attacks and mass misuse of logins to Bikemap (e.g., so-called brute force attacks) by blocking these IP addresses temporarily if necessary.
The processing takes place in order to ensure the security of the processing, according to Art. 32 GDPR and based on our legitimate interest in protecting us from misuse of our service (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR). Data is only stored for as long as it is necessary for these purposes.
2.1. Registration with Google 📐
Instead of registering directly on this website, you can register with Google. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. To register with Google, you only need to enter your Google name and password. Google will identify you and confirm your identity on our website.
When you sign in with Google, we can use certain information from your account to complete your profile with us, such as email address, name and profile picture. You decide whether and which information this is within the scope of your Google security settings, which you can find here:
https://myaccount.google.com/security
and
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
.
The data processing associated with Google registration is based on our legitimate interest in providing our users with the simplest possible registration process (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Since the use of the registration function is voluntary and the users themselves can decide on the respective access options, no conflicting overriding rights of the data subjects are apparent.
2.2. Registration with Facebook Connect  👤
Instead of registering directly on this website, you can register with Facebook Connect. The provider of this service is Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. However, according to Facebook, the collected data is also transferred to the USA and other third countries.
If you decide to register with Facebook Connect and click on the “Login with Facebook”/”Connect with Facebook” button, you will automatically be redirected to the Facebook platform. There you can log in with your user data. This will link your Facebook profile to our services. Through this link, we gain access to your data stored on Facebook. These are mainly:
Facebook name;
Facebook profile picture and cover picture;
Facebook stored email address;
Facebook ID;
Facebook friend list;
Facebook likes;
Birthday;
Gender;
Country; and,
Language.
This data is used to set up, provide and personalise your account.
The registration with Facebook Connect and the associated data processing operations are based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke this consent at any time with effect in the future.
Insofar as personal data is collected on our website with the help of the tool described here and forwarded to Facebook, we and Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, are jointly responsible for this data processing (Art. 26 GDPR). The joint responsibility is limited exclusively to the collection of the data and its forwarding to Facebook. The processing by Facebook that takes place after the onward transfer is not part of the joint responsibility. The obligations incumbent on us jointly have been set out in a joint processing agreement. You can find the text of the agreement on
Facebook
. According to this agreement, we are responsible for providing private information when using the Facebook tool and for the privacy-secure implementation of the tool on our website. Facebook is responsible for the data security of Facebook products. You can assert data subject rights (e.g., requests for information) regarding the data processed by Facebook directly with Facebook. If you assert data subject rights with us, we are obliged to forward them to Facebook.
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. You can find details here:
Facebook
,
What are Standard Contractual Clauses? | Facebook Help Center
and
Meta Privacy Policy – How Meta collects and uses user data
For more information, see the Facebook Terms of Use and the Facebook Privacy Policy. You can find them at
Meta Privacy Policy – How Meta collects and uses user data
and
Facebook
.
The data processing associated with Facebook registration is based on our legitimate interest in providing our users with the simplest possible registration process (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
2.3. Registration with Apple 🍎
The Sign in with Apple option allows you to sign in to Bikemap while maintaining your privacy. Apple knows that you have enabled the “Sign in with Apple” option for an app or website but does not track which apps or websites you sign in to or when. When you first sign in to an app using Sign in with Apple, Apple uses information about your account and your experience with Apple, along with information about your device and device usage patterns, to prevent fraud.
When you sign in using the “Sign in with Apple” option, Apple provides us with a unique ID instead of your email address. Because we may have legitimate reasons to collect more information about you (such as to contact you via email), we may ask you for your name or email address when you use Sign in with Apple. By default, we use the name associated with your Apple ID. If you choose to hide your email address, Apple generates a unique email address for us to use to communicate with you. Apple forwards emails received from this address to an email address associated with your Apple ID. Apple then deletes these messages after they are sent or after a short period of time if they are undeliverable. In iOS or iPadOS, you can change the email address to which messages are forwarded or disable message forwarding.
The first time you use Sign in with Apple for a new app, for fraud prevention and security reasons, Apple tells Bikemap a simple numeric code so it can trust that you are a real person. This code is derived from your current Apple account activity and combined with information extracted from your device and device usage patterns. Neither Apple nor the developer receives any specific information about how you use your device.
Apple uses your information as required by law and for fraud prevention. By using “Sign in with Apple,” you consent to Apple, its affiliates and agents transferring, collecting, managing, processing and using this information as described above.
Information collected by Apple will be used in accordance with Apple’s
Privacy Policy
.
The data processing associated with the Apple registration is based on our legitimate interest in providing our users with the simplest possible registration process (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
3. Web Hosting 🕸️
The provider is Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg (hereinafter: AWS). When you visit our website, your personal data is processed on the AWS servers. Personal data may also be transferred to the parent company of AWS in the USA. Data transmission to the USA is based on the EU standard contractual clauses. Details can be found here:
https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/security/aws-gdpr-data-processing-addendum/
. For more information, please refer to the AWS Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr
.
The use of AWS is based on Article 6, paragraph 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in the most reliable presentation of our website. If a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent is revocable at any time.
4. Retention period 🗓️
If no special storage period has been specified within this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for data processing no longer applies. If you make a subject request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (for example, retention periods under tax or commercial law); in the latter case, the deletion takes place after these reasons have ceased.
5. International Data Transfers  🌎
We may use tools from companies based in the USA or other third countries that might not count with an EU adequacy decision. If these tools are active, your personal data might be transferred to these third countries and processed there. Although the level of data protection in these countries is not comparable to the EU, all companies that Bikemap contracts with are previously assessed through a Transfer Impact Assessment (TIA) to ensure that they implement good privacy practices. In countries such as the US, companies might be required to disclose personal data to governmental authorities without you, as a data subject, being able to take legal action against this. It can, therefore, not be excluded that US authorities (such as secret services) process, evaluate, and permanently store your data on US servers for monitoring purposes. We have no influence on these processing activities.
However, we refer to these services below and implement the standard data protection clauses approved by the EU Commission in accordance with Art. 46 para 2 lit. c GDPR.
6. Rights of Data Subjects
6.1. Right to information
As a Data Subject, you have the right to request information from us at any time about the personal data processed by us in the scope and under the conditions of Art. 15 GDPR and § 44 DSG. To do this, you can submit your request through your account, email at
privacy@bikemap.net
or
support@bikemap.net
, or postal service to the address specified in our
Imprint
.
6.2. Revocation of consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
6.3. Right to rectification and erasure
As a Data Subject, you have the right to request Bikemap for the immediate correction of your personal data if it is incorrect. You also have the right to request the erasure of your data in the scope and under the conditions of Art. 17 GDPR and § 45 DSG. For this, please get in touch with the contact addresses given above.
6.4. Right to object (Article 21 GDPR)
Suppose the data processing is based on Article 6 para 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right at any time to object to the processing of your personal data for reasons arising from your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on which processing is based can be found in this privacy policy. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling, legitimate reasons for the processing that are your interests, Rights and freedoms predominate or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims (objection pursuant to Article 21 paragraph 1 GDPR).
If your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling, as far as it is connected with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will no longer be used for direct marketing purposes (objection pursuant to Article 21 paragraph 2 GDPR).
6.5. Right to lodge complaints
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. The right of appeal is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
6.6. Right to data portability
You have the right to have data that we process on the basis of your consent or in fulfilment of a contract automatically handed over to you or to a third party in a commonly used, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only be done as far as it is technically feasible.
6.7. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data by contacting us at any time. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:
If you contest the accuracy of your personal data stored by us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the examination, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data;
If the processing of your personal data was/is unlawful, you could request the restriction of data processing instead of deletion;
If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of deletion, and
If you have filed an objection under Article 21 Paragraph 1 GDPR, a balance must be made between you and our interests. As long as it still needs to be made clear whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data – apart from its storage – may only be used with your consent or for asserting, the exercise or defence of legal claims or the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or on the grounds of an important public interest of the European Union or of a Member State.
7. SSL or TLS encryption  🔐
Bikemap uses for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as the creation of an account with an email address and password, which you send to us as the site operator, an SSL or. TLS encryption. An encrypted connection is recognised by the fact that the browser’s address bar changes from http://” to https:/” and the lock icon in your browser bar. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
7.1. Encrypted payment transactions on our website
After the conclusion of a fee-based contract, you are obliged to provide payment information (for example, the account number for direct debit authorisation), for the processing of the payment. In order to ensure all users’ confidentiality and safety in their payments, we implement the use of payment providers such as described in point 14.3 of this privacy policy. At no time will we process payment information directly from you nor store it in our systems. This is always done via the below-mentioned payment providers.
8. Data Collection on this Website
8.1. Cookies 🍪
Cookies are small text files that do not cause any damage to your device. They are either temporarily stored on your device for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently stored(permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them yourself or your web browser automatically deletes them.
We use cookies on our website, among other things, to keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimised provision of its services. If consent to the storage of cookies has been requested, the storage of the cookies in question takes place exclusively on the basis of this consent (Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR); the consent can be revoked at any time.
In some cases, third-party cookies can also be stored on your device when you enter our website (third-party cookies). These enable you or us to use certain third-party services (such as payment cookies).
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, accept cookies for certain cases, or generally exclude them and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of the website may be restricted.
If cookies are used by third parties or for analysis purposes, we will inform you separately within the scope of this privacy policy and, if necessary, request consent.
To learn about how cookies are used at Bikemap, please visit our
Cookie Declaration
.
You can change your cookie settings at any time by accessing the “Privacy Controls” at the end of this page.
8.2. Comments and contributions 💬
When users contribute with community reports, leave comments or make other contributions, their IP addresses may be stored for up to seven (7) days on the basis of our legitimate interests as defined in Art. 6 (1) lit. f. GDPR. This is done for the security of Bikemap GmbH and our users in case someone leaves illegal content in comments and posts (insults, forbidden political propaganda, etc.), and further administrative or legal steps of Bikemap GmbH, against the user(s) or third parties, become necessary.
I
n addition, we reserve the right, on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR, to process the users’ data for the purpose of spam detection.
9. Server log files  🗂️
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and version;
Operating system;
Referrer URL;
Hostname of the accessing computer;
Time of the server request; and,
IP address.
This data is not combined with other data sources.
This data is collected on the basis of Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimisation of its website. For this purpose, the server log files must be recorded.
10. Inquiries❓
When contacting us with inquiries, your request, including anything related to personal data (name, request type, etc.), will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass on this data without your consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of inquiries addressed to us (Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your consent (Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR) if this has been requested.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (for example, after the complete processing of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions – in particular statutory retention periods – remain unaffected.
11. Analysis tools and advertisements
11.1. Google Analytics Stack
This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyse the behaviour of website visitors. In doing so, the website operator receives various usage data, such as page views, duration of visit, operating systems used and origin of the user. This data may be summarised by Google in a profile that is assigned to the respective user or their end device.
Furthermore, Google Analytics can record your mouse and scroll movements and clicks, among other things. Furthermore, Google Analytics uses various modelling approaches to complement the collected data sets and uses machine learning technologies in data analysis.
Google Analytics uses technologies that enable the recognition of the user for the purpose of analysing user behaviour (e.g., cookies or device fingerprinting). Some of the technologies that Bikemap implements are Firebase, BigQuery and Google Tag. The information collected by Google about the use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
For a compliant use of Google Analytics, Bikemap applies the recommendations provided by the European Data Protection Board (EDPB). We also implement the Standard Contractual Clauses as required by the GDPR.
The use of this analysis tool is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in analysing user behaviour in order to optimise both our website and our advertising. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g., consent to the storage of cookies), the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. You can find details here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
11.2. Google Ads
Bikemap uses Google Ads to draw website visitors’ attention to our Bikemap App. Google Ads is an online advertising program of Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Ads enables us to display advertisements in the Google search engine or on third-party websites when the user enters certain search terms on Google (keyword targeting). Furthermore, targeted advertisements can be played on the basis of user data available at Google (e.g. location data and interests) (target group targeting). As the website operator, we can evaluate this data quantitatively by analysing, for example, which search terms led to the display of our advertisements and how many ads resulted in corresponding clicks.
T
he use of Google Ads is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in marketing our services and products as effectively as possible
.
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. You can find details here:
Data transfer frameworks – Privacy & Terms – Google
and
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
11.3. Google Conversion Tracking
Bikemap uses Google Conversion Tracking. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
With the help of Google conversion tracking, Google and we can recognise whether the user has performed certain actions. For example, we can evaluate which buttons on our website were clicked how often and which products were viewed or purchased particularly frequently. This information is used to create conversion statistics. We learn the total number of users who clicked on our ads and what actions they took. We do not receive any information with which we can personally identify the user. Google itself uses cookies or comparable recognition technologies for identification.
The use of Google conversion tracking is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in analysing user behaviour in order to optimise both our website and our advertising. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to store cookies), the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
You can find more information about Google conversion tracking in Google’s privacy policy:
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
11.4. Browser Plugin
You can prevent the collection and processing of your data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on Download Page
You can find more information about the handling of user data at Google Analytics in the Privacy
statement from Google:
Safeguarding your data – Analytics Help
Data stored by Google at user and event level that is linked to cookies, user identifiers (e.g. User ID) or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) is anonymised or deleted after two (2) months. Details on this can be found under the following link:
Data retention – Analytics Help
11.5. App Store Connect
Bikemap uses App store Connect’s services to work with the Apple app store. The provider is Apple Inc. With the help of App Store Connect, we can keep monitoring our App’s sales and downloads, reply to App Store Review, get notified of new reviews, respond to reviews, etc.
The use of App Store Connect is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in keeping track of app store activity and behaviour in order to optimise both our App and our advertising. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to store cookies), the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
Information collected by Apple will be used in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy
Apple Legal – Legal – Apple Privacy Policy – Apple
12. Newsletter and email communication  🗞️
12.1. Newsletter data
If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on
Bikemap.net
, we require an email address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and agree to receive the newsletter. Further data will not be collected or only on a voluntary basis. For the handling of the newsletter, we use newsletter service providers, which are described below.
12.1.1. MailChimp 🐒
Bikemap uses the services of MailChimp for sending system-generated emails and newsletters. The provider is Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA.
MailChimp is a service with which, among other things, the sending of emails and newsletters can be organised and analysed. If you create an account with Bikemap or enter data for the purpose of receiving newsletters (e.g. email address), this data will be stored on MailChimp’s servers in the USA.
With the help of MailChimp, we can analyse our newsletter campaigns. When you open an email sent with MailChimp, a file contained in the email (so-called web beacon) connects to the servers of MailChimp in the USA. This makes it possible to determine whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links, if any, have been clicked. In addition, technical information is recorded (e.g. time of retrieval, IP address, browser type and operating system). This information cannot be assigned to the respective newsletter recipient.
They are used exclusively for the statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns. The results of these analyses can be used better to adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients.
If you do not want any analysis by MailChimp, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message.
The data processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke this consent at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you provide for the purpose of receiving the newsletter will be stored by the newsletter service provider or us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data that has been stored by us for other purposes remains unaffected by this.
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here:
Mailchimp’s Approach to International Data Transfers after Privacy Shield | Mailchimp
and
Mailchimp Data Processing Addendum Preview | Mailchimp
After you have unsubscribed from the newsletter distribution list, your email address will be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist, if necessary, to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist will only be used for this purpose and will not be merged with other data.
This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements for sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1), lit. f GDPR). The storage in the blacklist is not limited in time. You can object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interests.
You can find more details in the privacy policy of MailChimp at
Mailchimp’s Standard Terms of Use | Mailchimp
13. Plugins and tools 🛠️
13.1. Google maps  🗺️
This site uses the map service Google Maps. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
To use the functions of Google Maps, your IP address must be stored. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transmission. If Google Maps is activated, Google may use Google Web Fonts for the purpose of the uniform display of fonts. When calling up Google Maps, your browser loads the required web fonts into its browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy location of the places indicated by us on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
13.2. Google Drive  📐
We have integrated Google Drive into this website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Drive allows us to include an upload area on our website where you can upload content. When you upload content, it is stored on Google Drive’s servers. When you enter our website, a connection to Google Drive is also established so that Google Drive can determine that you have visited our website.
The use of Google Drive is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in a reliable upload area on its website. If a corresponding consent was requested, the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
13.3. New Relic
We use NewRelic, a service provided by NewRelic, Inc. 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105 (“NewRelic”), which we use as a processor. This allows us to monitor the proper operation of our website, detect errors and correct them in a timely manner. NewRelic collects your IP address and determines the approximate geographic region in which you are located so that we can detect when our website is not functioning properly in certain regions (e.g., due to network problems). After the region has been assigned, your IP address is deleted by NewRelic.
No other personal data is processed. This processing is necessary to ensure the smooth operation of our contractual services (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and to safeguard our legitimate interest in the proper and secure operation of our website (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
The processing is carried out by NewRelic in the USA. There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. Therefore, we have concluded the standard data protection clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c GDPR with NewRelic.
13.4. Typeform
We use Typeform for occasional user surveys. The provider is TYPEFORM S.L., Carrer Bac de Roda, 163, 08018 Barcelona, Spain (hereinafter Typeform).
Typeform allows us to create online forms and embed them on our website or send them as surveys. The data you enter in our Typeform forms are stored on Typeform’s servers until you request us to delete it, revoke any consent you have given to store it, or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies (e.g. after we have finished processing your request). Mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods – remain unaffected.
The use of Typeform is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in a functioning user survey. If a corresponding consent was requested, the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
13.5. Maptier
We integrate the mapping tools of the “Maptier” service of Maptier AG, Höfnerstrasse 98, Unterägeri, Zug 6314, Switzerland (
Maps for developers | MapTiler
). User data is used by Maptier exclusively for the purpose of displaying map functions and temporary storage of selected settings. This data may include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of users, which, however, will not be collected without their consent (usually executed within the settings of their mobile devices). For more information, please refer to Maptier’s privacy policy:
Privacy policy | MapTiler
The use of Maptier is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, this ensures the operation of our contractual services.
13.6. Canny
To receive and analyse user feedback, we integrate “Canny” tools from Canny Inc., 831 N Tatnall St Suite M #140 Wilmington, DE 19801, USA. (
Canny: Customer Feedback Management Tool
) User data is used by Canny exclusively for the purpose of optimising the quality of service we provide to our users. This data may include, in particular, personal information such as names and email addresses, potential users and other users and visitors of its websites, applications, and other properties. The data may be processed in the United States. For more information, please see Canny’s privacy policy:
https://canny.io/privacy
The use of Canny is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Bikemap has a legitimate interest in optimising the quality of its services. If a corresponding consent was requested, the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time
13.7. Google reCAPTCHA
We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on this website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to check whether the data input on this website (e.g. in a contact form) is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyses the behaviour of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g., IP address, time spent by the website visitor on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to Google.
The reCAPTCHA analyses run completely in the background. Website visitors are not notified that an analysis is taking place.
The storage and analysis of the data are based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its web offers from abusive automated spying and from spam. If a corresponding consent was requested, the processing is based exclusively on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
13.8. Zendesk
We use the CRM system Zendesk to process user requests. The provider is Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street in San Francisco, CA 94103 USA.
We use Zendesk to be able to process your requests quickly and efficiently. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The messages sent to us remain with us until you request us to delete them or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies (e.g. after processing your request has been completed). Mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods – remain unaffected.
Zendesk has Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) that have been approved by the Irish Data Protection Authority. These are binding corporate rules that legitimise corporate data transfers to third countries outside the EU and EEA. Details can be found here:
Binding Corporate Rules (BCR)
If you are not comfortable with us processing your request through Zendesk, you may alternatively communicate with us by email, phone, or fax.
For more information, see Zendesk’s privacy policy:
Privacy Policy – Zendesk
14. eCommerce and payment providers  💸
14.1. Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process and use personal data only to the extent that they are necessary for the establishment, content or modification of the legal relationship (inventory data).
This is done on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR,
which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures. We collect, process and use personal data about the use of this website (usage data) only to the extent necessary to enable the user to use the service or to bill the user.
The collected customer data will be deleted after the completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
14.2. Data transfer upon conclusion of a contract for services and digital content
We transmit personal data to third parties only if this is necessary for the processing of the contract, for example, to the credit institution entrusted with the processing of payments.
A further transmission of the data does not take place or only if you have expressly consented to the transmission. Your data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent, for example, for advertising purposes.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
14.3. Payment services
We integrate payment services from third-party companies on our website. When you make a purchase from us, your payment data (e.g., name, payment amount, account details, credit card number) is processed by the payment service provider for the purpose of processing the payment. For these transactions, the respective contract and data protection provisions of the respective providers apply. The payment service providers are used on the basis of
Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR (contract processing) and in the interest of a smooth, convenient and secure payment process (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). Insofar as your consent is requested for certain actions, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR is a legal basis for data processing; consents can be revoked at any time in the future.
We use the following payment services/payment service providers within the scope of this website:
14.3.1. Paypal
The provider of this payment service is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (hereinafter “PayPal”).
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.paypal.com/at/webapps/mpp/ua/pocpsa-full?locale.x=en_AT
For details, please refer to PayPal’s privacy policy:
https://www.paypal.com/at/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_AT
14.3.2. Stripe
The provider for customers within the EU is Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd.,1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland (hereinafter “Stripe”).
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here:
Privacy Policy – Stripe
and
https://stripe.com/en-nl/guides/general-data-protection-regulation
15. Bikemap Social Media  🤳
Bikemap uses pages or profiles on different social media platforms to promote its content, new features, and interact with its users. In this context, the processing of personal data described below takes place.
If you interact with us via our social media pages or our posts, we could collect and process the data you have provided, including your username and your profile photo (if applicable). The relevant processing takes place regularly on the basis of our legitimate interest in making the corresponding functions available on our social media pages
(Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) and, if necessary, on the basis of your consent to the operator of the respective network (Art . 6 (1) (a) GDPR) or your contractual relationship with the operator (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
Please also note that this content will be published on our relevant social media pages according to your account settings and may be accessible by anyone worldwide.
Further data processing by us can be carried out in order to be able to receive and process inquiries or messages via our social media pages (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
Uploaded content can be stored for an unlimited period of time. If you would like us to remove content you have uploaded to our social media site, please send us an email with your request to the contact details given under point 6.1 of this privacy policy.
In addition, the respective operators collect and process personal data from you under their own data protection responsibility when you visit our social media pages and/or interact with them or our contributions. This applies in particular if you are registered or logged in to the relevant social media network. Even if you are not logged into a social media network, the operators collect certain personal data when you visit the site, such as unique identifiers that are linked to your browser or your device. Please note that this data may be merged across different platforms and services if they are operated by the same operator. Further information can be found in the data protection notices of the respective operators, to which we refer below.
Specifically, we operate the following social media presences:
15.1. Facebook App Page  👥
You can also find us on Facebook at
Bikemap
.
For users outside of the USA and Canada, Facebook is operated by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. For users in the USA and Canada, Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 9402, USA, operates Facebook.
Even if you are not registered with Facebook and visit our Facebook fan page, Meta Platforms can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. You can find more information in the Meta Platforms data policy at
Meta Privacy Policy – How Meta collects and uses user data
and at
Facebook
. In the data policy, you will also find information about the setting options for your Facebook account.
Meta Platforms may share your data within the Meta group of companies and with other third parties. This can lead to a transfer of personal data to the USA and other third countries for which there is no adequacy decision by the EU Commission. In this case, Facebook Ireland will use the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 46(2)(c) GDPR. You can also refer to the Meta Platforms Data Policy for more information.
In addition, together with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, we are responsible for the processing of so-called insights data when you visit our Facebook fan page. With the help of this insight data, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited analyses the behaviour on our Facebook fan page and makes this data available to us in an anonymous form. To this end, we have entered into a joint data controllership agreement with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can view
here
. Among other things, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited undertakes the primary responsibility under the GDPR for the processing of Insights data and to fulfil all obligations according to all GDPR regulations regarding the processing of Insights data. The processing serves our legitimate economic interests in the optimisation and needs-based design of our Facebook fan page, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit f. GDPR. Additionally, we also draw your attention to the following:
If you visit or like our Facebook page as a registered Facebook user, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited collects personal data from you. If you are not registered with Facebook and visit the Facebook page, Meta Platforms can collect pseudonymous usage data from you.
In detail, the following information is collected by Meta Platforms:
Going to a page, post or video from a page
Subscribing or unsubscribing to/from a page
Liking or unliking a page or post
Recommending a page in a post or comment
Commenting, sharing, or reacting to a page post (including how you react)
Hiding a page post or reporting it as spam
Clicking a link that leads to the page from another page on Facebook or from a website outside of Facebook
Hovering over a page’s name or profile picture to see a preview of the page’s contents
Clicking the website, phone number, “Get Directions” button, or any other button on a page
Information about whether you are logged in from a computer or mobile device while visiting or interacting with a site or its content.
You can find more information in Meta’s privacy policy. This includes further information on how Meta Platforms uses your data when you like our Facebook page. Meta’s privacy policy:
Facebook
15.2. Instagram Bikemap Account  📸
You can also find us on Instagram at
https://www.instagram.com/bikemap/?hl=en
For users outside of the USA and Canada, Instagram is operated by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. For users in the USA and Canada, Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 9402, USA, operates Facebook.
Even if you are not registered with Instagram and visit our Instagram fan page, Meta Platforms can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. You can find more information in the Meta Platforms data policy at
Meta Privacy Policy – How Meta collects and uses user data
. In the data policy, you will also find information about the setting options for your Instagram account.
Meta Platforms may share your data within the Meta group of companies and with other third parties. This can lead to a transfer of personal data to the USA and other third countries for which there is no adequacy decision by the EU Commission. In this case, Facebook Ireland will use the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 46(2)(c) GDPR. You can also refer to the Meta Platforms Data Policy for more information.
Additionally, If you visit or like our Instagram account as a registered Instagram user, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited collects personal data from you. If you are not registered with Instagram and visit the Instagram page, Meta Platforms can collect pseudonymous usage data from you.
In detail, the following information is collected by Meta Platforms:
Going to a profile, post or upload from an account
Following or unfollowing an account
Liking or unliking a page or post
Tagging an account in a post or comment
Commenting, sharing, or reacting to a post
Hiding a page post or reporting it as spam
Clicking a link that leads to a website outside of Facebook
Clicking the website, phone number, “Get Directions” button, or any other button on a page
Information about whether you are logged in from a computer or mobile device while visiting or interacting with a site or its content.
You can find more information in Meta’s privacy policy. This includes further information on how Meta Platforms uses your data when you like our Instagram account. Meta’s privacy policy:
Meta Privacy Policy – How Meta collects and uses user data
.
15.3. LinkedIn Account  🔗
You can also find us on LinkedIn at
https://www.linkedin.com/company/bikemap/
If you are outside of the US and Canada, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, collected by or for, or processed in connection with their Services. If you are based in the US or Canada, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with their Services.
Even if you are not registered with LinkedIn and visit our business page, LinkedIn can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. You can find more information in the LinkedIn data policy at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
. In the data policy, you will also find information about the setting options for your LinkedIn account.
Additionally, If you visit or follow our LinkedIn business page account as a registered LinkedIn user, LinkedIn Ireland collects personal data from you. If you are not registered with LinkedIn and visit the business page, LinkedIn Ireland can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. To control privacy settings as a guest on LinkedIn, you can access the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls
16. Job Openings and Applicants Pool
16.1. Handling of applicant data
We offer you the opportunity to apply to us either by mail at
join@bikemap.net
or through the application form available on our webpage. In the following, we inform you about the scope, purpose and use of your personal data collected as part of the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will be carried out in accordance with applicable data protection law and all other statutory provisions and that your data will be treated in strict confidence.
16.1.1. Personio  🫂
The application form provided on our webpage is powered by Personio.
Bikemap uses Personio’s services to maintain and improve its human resource management. The provider is Personio SE & Co. KG., Seidlstraße 3 80335 Munich, Germany. With the help of Personio, we can efficiently receive applications, track on and off-boarding processes and manage and generally have an overall good human resource management process in the company. The use of Personio is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. When applying with us, you acknowledge that Bikemap has a legitimate interest in processing your information for the position you applied for with us or in keeping you in our applicants’ pool for other positions that might be a better fit for you. The consent can be revoked at any time.
You can find more information about the handling of user data at Personio in their privacy policy
Privacy Policy | Personio
16.1.2. LinkedIn
It is also possible for you to apply to open positions through our LinkedIn business page, which you can find at
https://www.linkedin.com/company/bikemap/
.
If you are outside of the US and Canada, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with their Services. If you are based in the US or Canada, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with their Services.
Even if you are not registered with LinkedIn and visit our business page, LinkedIn can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. You can find more information in the LinkedIn data policy at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
. In the data policy, you will also find information about the setting options for your LinkedIn account.
Additionally, If you visit or follow our LinkedIn business page account as a registered LinkedIn user, LinkedIn Ireland collects personal data from you. Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. If you are not registered with LinkedIn and visit the business page, LinkedIn Ireland can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. To control privacy settings as a guest on LinkedIn, you can access the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls
16.2. Scope and purpose of data collection
If you send us an application, we will process your associated personal data (e.g., contact and communication data, application documents, notes taken during interviews, etc.) insofar as this is necessary to decide on the establishment of an employment relationship. The legal basis for this is Article 88 GDPR (initiation of an employment relationship), Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR (general contract initiation) and – if you have given your consent – Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time. Your personal data will only be passed on within our company to persons who are involved in processing your application.
If the application is successful, the data submitted by you will be stored in our data processing systems on
the basis of Article 88 GDPR and Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship.
16.3. Retention period
f we are unable to make you a job offer, if you reject a job offer or withdraw your application, we reserve the right to retain the data you have provided on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) for up to six (6) months from the end of the application process (rejection or withdrawal of the application). The data will then be deleted and the physical application documents destroyed. This storage serves in particular as evidence in the event of a legal dispute. If it is apparent that the data will be required after the 6-month period has expired (e.g. due to an impending or pending legal dispute), it will not be deleted until the purpose for continued storage no longer applies.
Longer storage can also take place if you have given corresponding consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR) or if legal storage obligations oppose the deletion.
16.4. Inclusion in the applicants’ pool
If we do not make you a job offer, we may include you in our applicant pool. In the event of inclusion, all documents and details from the application will be transferred to the applicant pool in order to contact you in the event of suitable vacancies.
Inclusion in the applicant pool takes place exclusively on the basis of your express consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). The provision of consent is voluntary and is not related to the current application process. The data subject may revoke their consent at any time. In this case, the data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted, unless there are legal reasons for retention. The data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted no later than two years after consent has been given.
Last update: 19 December, 2024.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Startseite des Privacy Centers
Suchen
Informationen zu Datenschutz und Privatsphäre
Zusätzliche Privatsphäre-Ressourcen
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Was ist die Datenschutzrichtlinie und was behandelt sie?
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
Wie verwenden wir deine Informationen?
Wie werden deine Informationen auf Meta-Produkten bzw. mit integrierten Partnern geteilt?
Wie teilen wir Informationen mit Dritten?
Wie arbeiten die Meta-Unternehmen zusammen?
Was ist unsere Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung deiner Informationen? Was sind deine Rechte?
Wie lange behalten wir deine Informationen?
Wie übermitteln wir Informationen?
Wie reagieren wir auf rechtliche Anfragen, wie halten wir geltendes Recht ein bzw. wie verhindern wir Schäden?
Wie erfährst du, dass sich die Richtlinie geändert hat?
So kontaktierst du Meta bei Fragen
Informationen zur Rechtsgrundlage
Weitere Richtlinien und Artikel
Einstellungen
Datenschutzrichtlinie
So verwenden wir Informationen für KI bei Meta
Aufgrund des Feedbacks von Aufsichtsbehörden verschieben wir weiterhin unsere Pläne bezüglich der Verwendung deiner Informationen aus Meta-Produkten zur Weiterentwicklung und Verbesserung von
KI bei Meta
. Wir werden dich informieren, bevor wir mit der Verwendung dieser Informationen zu diesem Zweck beginnen, und dir mitteilen, wie du dein Recht auf Widerspruch ausüben kannst.
Sonstige Aktualisierungen
Wir aktualisieren unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie. Die Änderungen treten am 7. April 2025 in Kraft.
Die neue Richtlinie findest du hier.
Was ist die Datenschutzrichtlinie und was behandelt sie?
Gültig ab 14. November 2024
|
Druckversion ansehen
|
Frühere Versionen ansehen
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Wir bei Meta möchten, dass du verstehst, welche Informationen wir erheben und wie wir sie verwenden und teilen. Deshalb empfehlen wir dir, unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie zu lesen. Auf diese Weise kannst du die
Meta-Produkte
ganz nach deinen Wünschen nutzen.
In der Datenschutzrichtlinie erläutern wir, wie wir Informationen erheben, verwenden, teilen, speichern und übermitteln. Wir informieren dich außerdem über deine Rechte. Jeder Abschnitt der Richtlinie enthält hilfreiche Beispiele und eine vereinfachte Sprache, um unsere Praktiken leichter verständlich zu machen. Außerdem haben wir Links zu den Ressourcen hinzugefügt, über die du mehr zu den Datenschutzthemen erfahren kannst, die dich interessieren.
Es ist uns wichtig, dass du weißt, wie du deine Privatsphäre kontrollierst. Deshalb zeigen wir dir auch, wo du deine Informationen in den Einstellungen der von dir genutzten Meta-Produkte verwalten kannst. Du kannst
diese Einstellungen aktualisieren
, um dein Nutzungserlebnis anzupassen.
Die vollständige Richtlinie findest du nachstehend.
Welche Produkte behandelt diese Richtlinie?
Mehr zur Verwaltung deiner Privatsphäre erfährst du im Privacy Center
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Welche Informationen wir über dich erheben und verarbeiten, hängt davon ab, wie du unsere
Produkte
nutzt. Zum Beispiel erheben wir andere Informationen, wenn du Möbel im Marketplace verkaufst, als wenn du ein Reel auf Instagram postest. Wenn du unsere Produkte nutzt, erheben wir einige Informationen über dich,
auch wenn du kein Konto hast
.
Diese Informationen erheben wir:
Deine Aktivität und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und sonstigen Dritten:
Was ist, wenn du uns die Erhebung bestimmter Informationen nicht gestattest?
Einige Informationen sind erforderlich, damit unsere Produkte funktionieren. Andere Informationen sind optional, ohne sie könnte jedoch die Qualität deines Erlebnisses beeinträchtigt werden.
Mehr dazu
Was ist, wenn die von uns erhobenen Informationen keine Rückschlüsse auf Einzelpersonen zulassen?
In einigen Fällen werden die Daten – bevor sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt werden – von Dritten aggregiert oder anonymisiert, sodass sie nicht mehr zur Identifizierung von Einzelpersonen dienen können. Wir verwenden diese Informationen wie nachstehend beschrieben, ohne zu versuchen, Einzelpersonen wieder identifizierbar zu machen.
Übernimm die Kontrolle
Verwalte die Informationen, die wir über dich erheben
Privacy Center
Wie verwenden wir deine Informationen?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Wir verwenden
Informationen, die wir erheben
, um dir personalisierte Erlebnisse, einschließlich Werbeanzeigen, zur Verfügung zu stellen (wenn wir dir Werbung auf Meta-Produkten zeigen) sowie für die anderen Zwecke, die wir unten ausführlich darlegen.
Für einige dieser Zwecke verwenden wir Informationen
in unseren Produkten
von den Konten, die du zu deiner Kontenübersicht hinzufügst, und
allen deinen Geräten
. Die von uns für diese Zwecke verwendeten Informationen werden automatisch von unseren Systemen verarbeitet. In einigen Fällen nutzen wir jedoch auch eine
manuelle Überprüfung
, um auf deine Informationen zuzugreifen und sie zu überprüfen.
Um weniger Informationen zu verwenden, die mit einzelnen Nutzern verknüpft sind, de-identifizieren wir Informationen in einigen Fällen, fassen sie zusammen oder anonymisieren sie, sodass du damit nicht mehr identifizierbar bist. Wir verwenden diese Informationen auf dieselbe Art und Weise, wie wir deine Informationen wie in diesem Abschnitt beschrieben verwenden.
So verwenden wir deine Informationen:
Zur Bereitstellung, Personalisierung und Verbesserung unserer Produkte
Wir verwenden die uns zur Verfügung stehenden Informationen, um unsere
Produkte
bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Dies umfasst das Personalisieren von Funktionen, Inhalten und
Empfehlungen
, z. B. deinen
Facebook Feed
, deinen
Instagram-Feed
, deine Stories und Werbeanzeigen (wenn wir dir Werbung auf Meta-Produkten zeigen). Wir verwenden die von dir für diese Zwecke freiwillig bereitgestellten
Informationen mit besonderem Schutz
, aber nicht, um dir Werbeanzeigen zu zeigen.
Weitere Infos dazu, wie wir Informationen verwenden, um unsere Produkte bereitzustellen, zu personalisieren und zu verbessern:
So zeigen wir dir Werbeanzeigen (wenn wir dir Werbung auf Meta-Produkten zeigen)
So verwenden wir Informationen, um unsere Produkte zu verbessern
So verwenden wir standortbezogene Informationen
Um Schutz, Sicherheit und Integrität zu fördern
Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Informationen, um unsere Nutzer vor Schaden zu schützen und um sichere und geschützte Produkte bereitzustellen.
Mehr dazu
Zur Bereitstellung von Messungs- und Analysediensten sowie Unternehmens-Services
Viele Menschen setzen auf unsere Produkte, um ihre Unternehmen zu betreiben bzw. um Inhalte zu teilen. Wir unterstützen sie dabei, zu messen, wie gut ihre Werbeanzeigen und sonstigen Inhalte, Produkte und Dienste funktionieren.
Mehr dazu
Für die Kommunikation mit dir
Wir kommunizieren mit dir unter Verwendung der Informationen, die du uns bereitgestellt hast, wie z. B. Kontaktinformationen, die du in deinem Profil angegeben hast.
Mehr dazu
Für Forschung und Innovation für soziale Zwecke
Wir verwenden uns zur Verfügung stehende Informationen, Informationen von Forschern sowie Datensätze aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen, von Berufsgruppen und von gemeinnützigen Gruppen, um Forschung durchzuführen und zu unterstützen.
Mehr dazu
Wie werden deine Informationen auf Meta-Produkten bzw. mit integrierten Partnern geteilt?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Auf Meta-Produkten
Erfahre mehr über die verschiedenen Fälle, in denen deine Informationen auf unseren
Produkten
geteilt werden können:
Personen und Konten, mit denen du Inhalte teilst bzw. kommunizierst
Inhalte, die andere über dich (erneut) teilen
Öffentliche Inhalte
Mit integrierten Partnern
Du kannst dich freiwillig mit
integrierten Partnern
verbinden, die unsere Produkte nutzen. Wenn du dies tust, erhalten diese integrierten Partner Informationen über dich und deine Aktivität.
Diese integrierten Partner können immer auf die Informationen zugreifen, die auf unseren Produkten öffentlich sind. Weitere Infos zu sonstigen Informationen, die sie erhalten, und dazu, wie sie mit deinen Informationen umgehen:
Wenn du das Produkt bzw. den Dienst eines integrierten Partners nutzt
Wenn du in einem Produkt oder Dienst eines integrierten Partners mit Inhalten anderer Personen interagierst
So gehen integrierte Partner mit deinen Informationen um
Übernimm die Kontrolle
Erfahre mehr über Zielgruppen.
Privacy Center
Apps und Websites verwalten
Wie teilen wir Informationen mit Dritten?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Wir verkaufen keine deiner Informationen an irgendjemanden und werden das auch in Zukunft niemals tun. Außerdem verpflichten wir
Partner
und sonstige
Dritte
, Regeln dazu einzuhalten, wie sie die Informationen, die wir bereitstellen, verwenden und offenlegen dürfen und wie nicht.
Weitere Einzelheiten dazu, an wen wir Informationen weitergeben:
Partner
Werbetreibende und Audience Network-Publisher (wenn wir dir Werbeanzeigen auf Meta-Produkten zeigen)
Partner, die unsere Analysedienste nutzen
Partner, die Waren und Dienstleistungen in unseren Produkten und auf unseren Plattformen für E-Commerce-Dienste anbieten
Integrierte Partner
Anbieter
Anbieter für Messlösungen
Anbieter für Marketinglösungen
Dienstleister
Dienstleister
Dritte
Externe Forscher
KI-Integrationen
Sonstige Dritte
Wir teilen außerdem Informationen mit sonstigen
Dritten
als Reaktion auf rechtliche Anfragen, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten oder um Schäden zu verhindern.
Lies die Richtlinie
.
Wenn wir unser gesamtes Unternehmen bzw. Teile davon an jemand anderen verkaufen oder übertragen, geben wir in einigen Fällen deine Informationen im Rahmen dieser Transaktion an den neuen Eigentümer weiter, jedoch nur im gesetzlich zulässigen Rahmen.
Wie arbeiten die Meta-Unternehmen zusammen?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Wir sind Teil der
Meta-Unternehmen
, die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen bereitstellen. Zu den
Produkten der Meta-Unternehmen
zählen alle
Meta-Produkte
, für die diese Richtlinie gilt, sowie weitere Produkte wie u. a. WhatsApp.
Wir teilen die von uns erhobenen Informationen sowie die Infrastruktur, die Systeme und die Technologie mit den anderen Meta-Unternehmen.
Erfahre mehr dazu
, wie wir Informationen in andere Länder übermitteln.
Außerdem verarbeiten wir Informationen, die wir über dich von anderen Meta-Unternehmen erhalten, gemäß deren Nutzungsbedingungen und Richtlinien und soweit dies nach anwendbarem Recht zulässig ist. In einigen Fällen fungiert Meta als
Dienstleister
für andere Meta-Unternehmen. Wir handeln in deren Auftrag und im Einklang mit deren Anweisungen und Nutzungsbedingungen.
Warum wir Informationen innerhalb der Meta-Unternehmen weitergeben
Meta-Produkte geben Informationen an andere Meta-Unternehmen weiter:
um Schutz, Sicherheit und Integrität zu fördern sowie das anwendbare Recht einzuhalten
um optionale Features und Integrationen bereitzustellen
um herauszufinden, wie Personen Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Einige Beispiele
dazu, warum wir Informationen teilen.
Weitere Ressourcen
Die Datenschutzrichtlinien der anderen Meta-Unternehmen lesen
Facebook-Hilfebereich
Was ist unsere Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung deiner Informationen? Was sind deine Rechte?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht benötigen Unternehmen eine Rechtsgrundlage zur Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten. Mit „Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten“ meinen wir die Arten, auf die wir deine Informationen so erfassen, verwenden und teilen, wie wir es in den anderen Abschnitten dieser Richtlinie oben beschrieben haben.
Was ist unsere Rechtsgrundlage?
Gemäß der DSGVO und anderen relevanten Datenschutzgesetzen stehen dir folgende Rechte zu:
Auskunftsrecht und Recht auf Berichtigung
Recht auf Widerruf der Einwilligung
Deine Informationen übertragen
Recht auf Herunterladen deiner Informationen
Recht auf Löschung von Informationen
Widerspruchsrecht
Recht auf Einreichen einer Beschwerde
Wie lange behalten wir deine Informationen?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Wir behalten deine Informationen so lange, wie wir sie brauchen, um unsere Produkte bereitzustellen, rechtliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen oder unsere Interessen oder die Interessen anderer zu schützen. Wir entscheiden von Fall zu Fall, wie lange wir Informationen benötigen. Bei dieser Entscheidung berücksichtigen wir folgende Faktoren:
ob wir sie benötigen, um unsere Produkte zu betreiben oder bereitzustellen. Beispielsweise müssen wir einige deiner Informationen aufbewahren, um dein Konto beizubehalten.
Mehr dazu
.
Für welches Feature wir sie verwenden und wie dieses Feature funktioniert. Beispielsweise werden Nachrichten, die mit dem Selbstlöschmodus von Messenger gesendet werden, weniger lang als normale Nachrichten aufbewahrt.
Mehr dazu
.
Wie lange wir die Informationen zur Erfüllung bestimmter rechtlicher Verpflichtungen aufbewahren müssen.
Einige Beispiele
.
Ob wir sie für andere berechtigte Zwecke benötigen, z. B. um Schaden zu verhindern, mögliche Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu untersuchen, den Schutz, die Sicherheit und Integrität zu fördern oder uns selbst zu schützen, darunter unsere Rechte, unser Eigentum und unsere Produkte.
In einigen Fällen und aus bestimmten Gründen bewahren wir Informationen für einen längeren Zeitraum auf. In
unserer Richtlinie
erfährst du, wann wir deine Informationen aufbewahren dürfen.
Wie übermitteln wir Informationen?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Warum werden Informationen in andere Länder übermittelt?
Wohin werden Informationen übermittelt?
Wie schützen wir deine Informationen?
Wie reagieren wir auf rechtliche Anfragen, wie halten wir geltendes Recht ein bzw. wie verhindern wir Schäden?
Das Wichtigste in Kürze
Aus folgenden Gründen greifen wir auf deine Informationen zu und speichern, verwenden und teilen sie:
als Reaktion auf rechtliche Anfragen wie Durchsuchungsbeschlüsse, gerichtliche Entscheidungen, gerichtliche Aufträge zur Herausgabe von Informationen („production order“) oder Vorladungen. Diese Anfragen stammen von
Dritten
wie zum Beispiel von Prozessführenden in Zivilprozessen oder von Strafverfolgungs- und anderen Behörden.
Mehr dazu
, wie wir auf rechtliche Anfragen reagieren.
Im Einklang mit geltendem Recht
Um den Schutz, die Sicherheit und die Integrität von
Meta-Produkten
, der Nutzer, der Mitarbeiter, des Eigentums und der Öffentlichkeit sicherzustellen.
Mehr dazu
.
Möglicherweise können wir für einen längeren Zeitraum auf deine Informationen zugreifen oder sie speichern.
Mehr dazu
.
Wie erfährst du, dass sich die Richtlinie geändert hat?
Wir benachrichtigen dich, bevor wir wesentliche Änderungen an dieser Richtlinie vornehmen. Du erhältst dann die Gelegenheit, die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu lesen, bevor du dich dazu entscheidest, unsere Produkte weiterhin zu nutzen.
So kontaktierst du Meta bei Fragen
Weitere Informationen zur Funktionsweise des Datenschutzes findest du auf
Facebook
, auf
Instagram
und im
Facebook-Hilfebereich
. Bei Fragen zu dieser Richtlinie oder bei Fragen, Beschwerden oder Anfragen bezüglich deiner Informationen kannst du uns wie unten beschrieben kontaktieren.
Der Datenverantwortliche bezüglich deiner Informationen ist Meta Platforms Ireland Limited. Dieses Unternehmen kannst du
online kontaktieren
oder per Post unter:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Irland
Kontaktaufnahme mit dem Datenschutzbeauftragten
für Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
Du hast außerdem das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der federführenden Aufsichtsbehörde für Meta Platforms Ireland, der irischen Datenschutzkommission, oder bei deiner lokalen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen.
Informationen zur Rechtsgrundlage
Einwilligung
Wir verarbeiten Informationen wie im Folgenden beschrieben, wenn du uns deine Einwilligung dazu erteilt hast. Diese Einwilligung können wir über produktinterne Erlebnisse, zur Aktivierung bestimmter Funktionen oder zur Aktivierung gerätebasierter Einstellungen einholen. Welche Informationskategorien wir nutzen sowie warum und wie sie verarbeitet werden, wird nachstehend erläutert:
Warum und wie wir deine Informationen verarbeiten
Informationskategorien, die wir verwenden (mehr über die einzelnen Informationskategorien erfährst du unter „
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
“). Welche Informationen wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von deinen tatsächlichen Umständen ab, könnte aber Folgendes umfassen:
Verarbeitung von Informationen mit besonderem Schutz, die du zur Verfügung stellst, damit wir sie mit den von dir Ausgewählten teilen können, um unsere Produkte bereitzustellen, zu personalisieren und zu verbessern sowie Analysen durchzuführen. Zu diesen Zwecken erheben, speichern, veröffentlichen und nutzen wir automatisierte oder manchmal auch manuelle Verarbeitungen.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Informationen mit besonderem Schutz, die du freiwillig bereitstellst (wie zum Beispiel deine religiösen Ansichten, sexuelle Orientierung, politische Einstellung, Gesundheitszustand, ethnische Zugehörigkeit, philosophische Weltanschauung oder Mitgliedschaft in einer Gewerkschaft) oder im Rahmen von Umfragen angibst, an denen du freiwillig teilnimmst, und dort, wo du deine ausdrückliche Einwilligung erteilt hast
Personalisierung von Werbeanzeigen auf den Meta-Produkten:
Wenn wir dir je nach deinen
Einstellungen
Werbung auf Meta-Produkten zeigen, einschließlich Meta Audience Network, verwenden wir deine Informationen über das Konto bzw. die Konten hinweg in deiner Kontoübersicht, einschließlich der Verwendung von Cookies, um deine Werbeanzeigen zu personalisieren und ihre Performance zu messen.
Wenn wir dir Werbung auf den Meta-Produkten zeigen, verarbeitet unser Anzeigensystem automatisch Informationen, die wir über dich erhoben und gespeichert haben. In Übereinstimmung mit deinen Einstellungen für Werbung verarbeitet unser Anzeigensystem diese Informationen, um deine Interessen und Präferenzen zu verstehen und personalisierte Werbung auf den Meta-Produkten für dich zu schalten.
Erfahre mehr
über deine Einstellungen für Werbung.
Unser Anzeigensystem priorisiert, welche Werbung dir angezeigt wird. Grundlage dafür ist die von den Werbetreibenden gewünschte Zielgruppe. Im Anschluss zeigen wir die Werbung den Personen, die daran interessiert sein könnten.
Erfahre mehr
darüber, wie unser Anzeigensystem funktioniert.
Erfahre mehr
darüber, wie wir die Werbeanzeigen auswählen, die du siehst.
Du kannst deine Auswahl jederzeit in den „Werbepräferenzen“ ändern.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge oder Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, einschließlich Werbeanzeigen, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst, und wie du mit ihnen interagierst
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden)
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast (z. B. GPS-Standort)
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest
Standortbezogene Informationen
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Nutzung von Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und anderen Dritten, um die Werbeanzeigen, die du siehst, auf dich zuzuschneiden: Wenn wir dir Werbung auf Meta-Produkten zeigen, verwenden wir mit deiner Zustimmung Informationen, die Partner, Anbieter und andere Dritte uns bezüglich Aktivitäten außerhalb der Meta-Produkte bereitstellen und die wir mit dir verknüpft haben, um Werbeanzeigen zu personalisieren, die wir dir auf den Meta-Produkten sowie auf Websites, Apps und Geräten, die unsere Werbedienste nutzen, zeigen. Wir erhalten diese Informationen unabhängig davon, ob du bei unseren Produkten angemeldet bist bzw. ein Konto auf ihnen hast oder nicht. Mehr dazu erfährst du in der
Cookie-Richtlinie
.
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Weitergabe deiner Kontakt-, Profil- oder sonstiger Informationen an Dritte auf Antrag von dir, wenn du bestimmte Produkte von uns verwendest. Wenn du uns beispielsweise dazu anweist, teilen wir deine E-Mail-Adresse oder andere Informationen, die du gegebenenfalls freiwillig teilst, mit einem Werbetreibenden, damit dieser dich mit zusätzlichen Informationen über ein beworbenes Produkt kontaktieren kann. Um welche Art von Dritten es sich handelt und welche Informationskategorien wir weitergeben, hängt davon ab, unter welchen Umständen du uns bittest, deine Informationen weiterzugeben.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie deine Kontakt-, Profil- oder sonstige Informationen wie Beiträge oder Kommentare
Erheben von Informationen, deren Erhalt du uns durch die von dir aktivierten gerätebasierten Einstellungen gestattest (wie den Zugriff auf deinen GPS-Standort, deine Kamera oder Fotos), damit wir diese nutzen können, um die bei der Aktivierung der Einstellung beschriebenen Funktionen oder Dienste bereitzustellen.
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Informationen aus den Geräteeinstellungen
Überprüfung deiner Identität oder deines Kontos oder Hilfe beim Schutz vor verdächtigen Aktivitäten, einschließlich Nachahmung und Identitätsmissbrauch, mithilfe von Gesichtsanalyse, die auf Wunsch auch Gesichtserkennungstechnologie umfassen kann.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Deine Kontodaten, dein Profilbild oder
dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es bereitstellen möchtest
Wenn wir Informationen verarbeiten, die du uns auf Grundlage deiner Einwilligung bereitgestellt hast, hast du das Recht, die Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass die Rechtmäßigkeit der aufgrund deiner Einwilligung bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Verarbeitung berührt wird. Du hast auch das Recht, die Informationen, die du uns auf der Grundlage deiner Einwilligung zur Verfügung stellst, zu übertragen. Um deine Rechte auszuüben, nutze deine gerätebasierten Einstellungen sowie die Facebook-Einstellungen, die Instagram-Einstellungen und unsere Hilfebereiche.
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
In Bezug auf alle Personen, die die Geschäftsfähigkeit zum Abschluss eines durchsetzbaren Vertrags haben (z. B. weil sie im Land ihres Wohnsitzes volljährig sind), verarbeiten wir die Informationen in dem für den Abschluss und die Erfüllung unserer Verträge mit dir erforderlichen Maß (die
Meta-Nutzungsbedingungen
und
Instagram-Nutzungsbedingungen
, die
ergänzenden Nutzungsbedingungen von Meta Platforms Technologies
, die
ergänzenden Portal-Nutzungsbedingungen
, die
Meta AI-Nutzungsbedingungen
und die
ergänzenden Meta View-Nutzungsbedingungen
, zusammen „die Nutzungsbedingungen“). Die Zwecke, für die wir Informationen zur Erfüllung unserer Verträge verarbeiten, die von uns verwendeten Informationskategorien und wie die Informationen verarbeitet werden, werden nachstehend erläutert:
Warum und wie wir deine Informationen verarbeiten
Informationskategorien, die wir verwenden (mehr über die einzelnen Informationskategorien erfährst du unter „
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
“). Welche Informationen wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von deinen tatsächlichen Umständen ab, könnte aber Folgendes umfassen:
Personalisierung der Meta-Produkte (mit Ausnahme von Werbeanzeigen): Unsere Systeme verarbeiten automatisch Informationen, die wir im Zusammenhang mit dir und anderen Personen erhoben und gespeichert haben, um deine Interessen und Präferenzen zu bewerten und zu verstehen und dir über die Meta-Produkte hinweg gemäß unseren Nutzungsbedingungen personalisierte Erlebnisse zu bieten. Auf diese Weise:
personalisieren wir Funktionen und Inhalte (wie deinen
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram-Feed
und Stories); und
können wir dir auf unseren Produkten bzw. außerhalb dieser Vorschläge unterbreiten (z. B. Personen, die du kennen könntest, Gruppen oder Veranstaltungen, für die du dich interessieren könntest, oder Themen, die du eventuell abonnieren möchtest).
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast (wie GPS-Standort)
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Bereitstellung und Verbesserung unserer Meta-Produkte: Die Bereitstellung der Meta-Produkte umfasst die Erhebung, das Speichern und ggf. Teilen, Profiling, Überprüfen und Kuratieren und in einigen Fällen nicht nur die automatisierte Verarbeitung, sondern auch manuelle Reviews (durch einen Mitarbeiter), um:
dein Konto und Profil zu erstellen und zu verwalten,
dein Konto für Meta-Produkte (einschließlich deiner öffentlichen Profilinformationen) zur Anmeldung oder Weitergabe deiner Informationen mit einem integrierten Partner zu verknüpfen,
das Teilen von Inhalten und Statusmeldungen zu ermöglichen,
Funktionen bereitzustellen und zu kuratieren,
Messaging-Dienste bereitzustellen sowie die Möglichkeit, Sprach- und Videoanrufe zu tätigen und sich mit anderen zu verbinden,
Technologie der künstlichen Intelligenz
in unseren Produkten bereitzustellen und einzupflegen, um die Erstellung von Inhalten wie Text, Audio, Bildern und Videos zu ermöglichen, auch indem deine Nutzung von Inhalten in den Funktionen verstanden und erkannt wird,
Analysen durchzuführen und
deine Käufe und Zahlungen mithilfe von Meta Pay oder anderen Meta-Checkout-Funktionen zu ermöglichen.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die uns vorliegen, auch, um Verbesserungen an unseren Produkten zu entwickeln, zu erforschen und zu testen. Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Informationen zu folgenden Zwecken:
Sehen, ob ein Produkt ordnungsgemäß funktioniert
Nach Fehlern suchen und diese gegebenenfalls beheben
Neue Produkte und Funktionen testen, um deren Funktionalität zu prüfen
Feedback zu unseren Ideen für Produkte oder Funktionen einholen
Durchführung von Umfragen und anderer Forschung dazu, was dir an unseren Produkten und Marken gefällt und was wir noch besser machen können
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Deine öffentlichen Informationen (darunter Name, Benutzername und Profilbild)
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Nachrichten, die du sendest und empfängst, einschließlich ihrer Inhalte, vorbehaltlich des
anwendbaren Rechts
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Förderung von Schutz, Integrität und Sicherheit in und auf den Meta-Produkten: Die Meta-Produkte sollen dazu beitragen, den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit dieser Dienste und der Menschen, die sie nutzen, sicherzustellen. Wir verarbeiten Informationen, die wir mit dir verknüpft haben, und wenden dabei automatisierte Verarbeitungstechniken an und führen in einigen Fällen einen manuellen Review (durch einen Mitarbeiter) durch, um:
Konten, Identität und Aktivität zu verifizieren,
Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu ermitteln und zu verfolgen. In einigen Fällen werden die von uns zu Verstößen getroffenen Entscheidungen vom
Oversight Board
überprüft, um
verdächtige Aktivitäten zu untersuchen,
schädliches oder rechtswidriges Verhalten zu erkennen, zu verhindern und zu bekämpfen, z. B. durch Überprüfen und in einigen Fällen Entfernen von Inhalten, die uns gemeldet wurden,
Spam und andere negative Erlebnisse aufzudecken und zu verhindern,
Bedrohungen unseres Personals bzw. Eigentums aufzudecken und zu unterbinden, und
die Integrität unserer Produkte zu wahren.
Um weitere Informationen zu Schutz, Integrität und Sicherheit im Allgemeinen im Zusammenhang mit Meta-Produkten zu erhalten, besuche den Facebook-Sicherheitsbereich und die Instagram-Sicherheitstipps.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Für die Kommunikation mit dir: Wir verwenden die Informationen, die du uns zur Verfügung gestellt hast (wie Kontaktinformationen in deinem Profil), um dir eine Mitteilung zu senden, wie eine E-Mail oder einen Hinweis in einem Produkt, zum Beispiel in folgenden Fällen:
Wir kontaktieren dich per E-Mail oder per Benachrichtigung innerhalb der Produkte im Zusammenhang mit den Meta-Produkten, produktbezogenen Angelegenheiten, Forschung oder um dich über unsere Nutzungsbedingungen und Richtlinien zu informieren.
Wir verwenden auch Kontaktinformationen wie deine E-Mail-Adresse, um zu antworten, wenn du uns kontaktierst.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Kontaktinformationen in deinem Profil und deine Kommunikation mit uns
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Übermittlung, Speicherung oder Verarbeitung deiner Informationen weltweit. Wir teilen von uns erhobene Informationen weltweit, sowohl intern zwischen unseren Niederlassungen und Rechenzentren als auch extern mit unseren Partnern, Dritten und Dienstleistern. Da Meta global tätig ist und Nutzer, Partner sowie Mitarbeiter auf der ganzen Welt hat, sind Übermittlungen für folgende Zwecke notwendig:
um die Dienste zu betreiben und bereitzustellen, die in den Nutzungsbedingungen beschrieben werden, die für das/die von dir genutzte(n) Meta-Produkt(e) gelten. Hierzu gehört auch, es dir zu ermöglichen, weltweit Informationen zu teilen und dich mit deiner Familie und deinen Freunden zu vernetzen; und
damit wir unsere Produkte reparieren, analysieren und verbessern können.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Wir werden die uns zur Verfügung stehenden Informationen verwenden, um diese Dienste bereitzustellen; wenn du bestimmte Informationen nicht angeben möchtest (abgesehen von den begrenzten Kontoinformationen, die erforderlich sind, um ein
Facebook-Konto
oder ein
Instagram-Konto
zu erstellen), kann dein Erlebnis bei der Nutzung der Meta-Produkte beeinträchtigt werden. Zum Beispiel siehst du möglicherweise weniger relevante Empfehlungen in den Produkten oder deine Nutzung der Produkte kann eingeschränkt sein.
Wenn wir Informationen verarbeiten, die du uns als für den Abschluss und die Erfüllung unserer Verträge mit dir erforderlich bereitstellst, hast du gemäß der DSGVO das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit. Um deine Rechte auszuüben, gehe bitte zu den Facebook-Einstellungen, den Instagram-Einstellungen oder informiere dich in unseren Hilfebereichen.
Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung
Welche Informationskategorien wir verwenden, warum wir deine Informationen Daten aufgrund der Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung verarbeiten und wie die Verarbeitung erfolgt, ist nachstehend dargelegt:
Warum und wie wir deine Informationen verarbeiten
Informationskategorien, die wir verwenden (mehr über die einzelnen Informationskategorien erfährst du unter „
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
“). Welche Informationen wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von deinen tatsächlichen Umständen ab, könnte aber Folgendes umfassen:
Für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, wenn dies nach dem Gesetz erforderlich ist: Wenn wir zur Offenlegung von Informationen verpflichtet sind, beispielsweise wenn wir eine gültige rechtliche Anfrage für bestimmte Informationen erhalten (etwa einen irischen Durchsuchungsbeschluss) werden wir auf deine Informationen zugreifen, sie aufbewahren und/oder sie an Aufsichtsbehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden oder andere weitergeben.
Die Art und Weise, wie die Informationen verarbeitet werden, hängt von den jeweiligen Umständen hab. Mehr dazu erfährst du unter
Wie antworten wir auf rechtliche Anfragen, verhindern Schäden und fördern die Sicherheit und Integrität?
. Unter
Informationen für Strafverfolgungsbehörden
geben wir Informationen zu den operativen Richtlinien, die die Strafverfolgungsbehörden befolgen müssen.
Beispiele für irische Gesetze und in Irland durchsetzbare EU-Gesetze, durch die eine Verpflichtung entstehen könnte, sodass wir zur Verarbeitung der Informationen, die wir über dich gespeichert haben, verpflichtet sind:
Zivil- und Handelssachen: wenn wir eine gerichtliche Entscheidung erhalten oder anderweitig verpflichtet sind, Informationen für die Zwecke von Gerichtsverfahren offenzulegen, z. B. im Rahmen der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1215/2012 über die gerichtliche Zuständigkeit und die Anerkennung und Vollstreckung von Entscheidungen in Zivil- und Handelssachen.
Strafsachen: zur Erfüllung von Anfragen von irischen Strafverfolgungsbehörden zur Bereitstellung von Informationen im Zusammenhang mit einer Ermittlung, z. B. im Rahmen von Section 10 des Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 wie durch 6(1)(a) des Criminal Justice Act 2006 geändert, oder zur Ergreifung von Maßnahmen, um Strafverfolgungsbehörden Informationen zu melden, sofern erforderlich.
Verbraucherangelegenheiten: zur Erfüllung unserer Verpflichtungen im Rahmen von Verbrauchergesetzen wie dem Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Unternehmens- und Steuerangelegenheiten: zur Erfüllung unserer Verpflichtungen wie dem Companies Act 2014.
Aufsichtsrechtliche Angelegenheiten: zur Erfüllung unserer Verpflichtungen zur Interaktion mit Aufsichtsbehörden, z. B. dem Data Protection Commission, im Rahmen der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und des Data Protection Act 2018.
Finanzangelegenheiten: zur Erfüllung unserer Verpflichtungen im Rahmen geltender Gesetze für Finanzdienstleistungen wie der European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
Sieh die
aktuelle Liste der Gesetze
an, die in Irland durchsetzbar sind und durch die eine rechtliche Verpflichtung für Meta entsteht, welche zur Verarbeitung von Informationen führt. Durch neue Gesetze, die erlassen werden, oder andere Verpflichtungen, die für unsere Verarbeitung deiner Informationen verbindlich werden, sind wir unter Umständen zur Verarbeitung deiner Informationen verpflichtet, und wir werden diese Liste von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren.
Die Informationskategorien hängen von den jeweiligen Umständen jeder verpflichtenden Anfrage oder Verpflichtung ab. Es werden nur die Informationen verarbeitet, die zur Erfüllung der entsprechenden rechtlichen Verpflichtungen erforderlich sind. Zum Beispiel: Bei Zivilsachen sind dies in der Regel eingeschränkte Informationen (wie Kontaktdaten und Login-Informationen). Je nach den Umständen können jedoch auch folgende Kategorien dazugehören:
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Nachrichten, die du sendest und empfängst, einschließlich ihrer Inhalte, vorbehaltlich des
anwendbaren Rechts
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Berechtigte Interessen
Wir stützen uns auf unsere berechtigten Interessen bzw. die berechtigten Interessen eines Dritten, sofern nicht deine Interessen oder Grundrechte und Grundfreiheiten überwiegen („berechtigte Interessen“). Im Folgenden werden die verwendeten Informationskategorien dargelegt, auf welche berechtigten Interessen wir uns stützen sowie warum und wie die Informationen verarbeitet werden:
Warum und wie wir deine Informationen verarbeiten
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Informationskategorien, die wir verwenden (mehr über die einzelnen Informationskategorien erfährst du unter „
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
“). Welche Informationen wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von deinen tatsächlichen Umständen ab, könnte aber Folgendes umfassen:
Wenn du ein registrierter Nutzer der Meta-Produkte bist
In Bezug auf Personen, die nicht volljährig (in den meisten betreffenden Ländern unter 18 Jahre) sind und nur beschränkt geschäftsfähig in Bezug auf den Abschluss eines durchsetzbaren Vertrags sind, können wir deine Informationen möglicherweise nicht aus Gründen der Erforderlichkeit für die Vertragserfüllung verarbeiten.
Personalisierung der Meta-Produkte: Unsere Systeme verarbeiten automatisch Informationen, die wir im Zusammenhang mit dir und anderen Personen erhoben und gespeichert haben, um deine Interessen und Präferenzen zu bewerten und zu verstehen und dir über die Meta-Produkte hinweg gemäß unseren Nutzungsbedingungen personalisierte Erlebnisse zu bieten. Auf diese Weise:
personalisieren wir Funktionen und Inhalte (wie deinen
News Feed
,
Instagram-Feed
und Stories),
können wir dir auf unseren Produkten bzw. außerhalb dieser Vorschläge unterbreiten (z. B. Personen, die du kennen könntest, Gruppen oder Veranstaltungen, für die du dich interessieren könntest, oder Themen, die du eventuell abonnieren möchtest).
Erfahre mehr dazu
, wie wir Informationen über dich verwenden, um dein Erlebnis in und auf den Meta-Produkten zu personalisieren, und wie wir die Werbeanzeigen auswählen, die dir angezeigt werden.
Um innovative Produkte und Funktionen zu erstellen, bereitzustellen, zu unterstützen und zu erhalten, die es Minderjährigen ermöglichen, sich auszudrücken, zu kommunizieren und für sie interessante Informationen und Gemeinschaften zu entdecken und damit zu interagieren, Gemeinschaften zu bilden und Tools und Funktionen zu nutzen, die ihr Wohlbefinden fördern.
Um wichtige Updates im Zusammenhang mit unseren Produkten mit unseren minderjährigen Nutzern zu teilen und unsere Produkte zu bewerben.
Um die Meta-Produkte auf einheitliche Weise bereitzustellen, zu personalisieren und zu verbessern und gleichzeitig zusätzliche Schutzmaßnahmen für Personen bereitzustellen, die noch nicht das Mündigkeitsalter des jeweiligen Mitgliedsstaats erreicht haben.
Das berechtigte Interesse unserer Nutzer, in der Lage zu sein, auf die Meta-Produkte zuzugreifen und dass diese Produkte für jeden Nutzer personalisiert werden.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast (wie GPS-Standort)
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
(außer Verwendung von Partnerdaten, um Werbeanzeigen auf dich zuzuschneiden)
Bereitstellung und Verbesserung unserer Meta-Produkte: Die Bereitstellung der Meta-Produkte umfasst die Erhebung, das Speichern und ggf. Teilen, Profiling, Überprüfen und Kuratieren, die automatisierte Verarbeitung und in einigen Fällen das manuelle (menschliche) Überprüfen, um:
dein Konto und Profil zu erstellen und zu verwalten,
dein Konto für Meta-Produkte (einschließlich deiner öffentlichen Profilinformationen) zur Anmeldung oder Weitergabe deiner Informationen mit einem integrierten Partner zu verknüpfen,
das Teilen von Inhalten und Statusmeldungen zu ermöglichen,
Funktionen bereitzustellen und zu kuratieren,
Messaging-Dienste bereitzustellen sowie die Möglichkeit, Sprach- und Videoanrufe zu tätigen und sich mit anderen zu verbinden,
Werbeprodukte bereitzustellen,
Technologie der künstlichen Intelligenz
in unseren Produkten bereitzustellen und einzupflegen, um die Erstellung von Inhalten wie Text, Audio, Bildern und Videos zu ermöglichen, auch indem deine Nutzung von Inhalten in den Funktionen verstanden und erkannt wird, und
Analysen durchzuführen.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die uns vorliegen, auch, um Verbesserungen an unseren Produkten zu entwickeln, zu erforschen und zu testen. Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Informationen zu folgenden Zwecken:
Sehen, ob ein Produkt ordnungsgemäß funktioniert
Nach Fehlern suchen und diese gegebenenfalls beheben
Neue Produkte und Funktionen testen, um deren Funktionalität zu prüfen
Feedback zu unseren Ideen für Produkte oder Funktionen einholen
Durchführung von Umfragen und anderer Forschung dazu, was dir an unseren Produkten und Marken gefällt und was wir noch besser machen können
Um innovative Produkte und Funktionen zu erstellen, bereitzustellen, zu unterstützen und zu erhalten, die es Minderjährigen ermöglichen, sich auszudrücken, zu kommunizieren und für sie interessante Informationen und Gemeinschaften zu entdecken und damit zu interagieren, Gemeinschaften zu bilden und Tools und Funktionen zu nutzen, die ihr Wohlbefinden fördern.
Um es nicht volljährigen Personen zu ermöglichen, die Meta-Produkte auf eine einfache und intuitive Weise zu nutzen und sich mit ihnen zu verbinden.
Um die Meta-Produkte auf einheitliche Weise bereitzustellen, zu personalisieren und zu verbessern und gleichzeitig zusätzliche Schutzmaßnahmen für Personen bereitzustellen, die noch nicht das Mündigkeitsalter des jeweiligen Mitgliedsstaats erreicht haben.
Das berechtigte Interesse unserer Nutzer, in der Lage zu sein, auf die Meta-Produkte zuzugreifen und dass diese Produkte für jeden Nutzer personalisiert werden.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Deine öffentlichen Profilinformationen (darunter Name, Benutzername und Profilbild)
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Nachrichten, die du sendest und empfängst, einschließlich ihrer Inhalte, vorbehaltlich des
anwendbaren Rechts
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Förderung von Schutz, Integrität und Sicherheit in und auf den Meta-Produkten: Die Meta-Produkte sollen dazu beitragen, den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit dieser Dienste und der Menschen, die sie nutzen, sicherzustellen. Wir verarbeiten Informationen, die wir mit dir verknüpft haben, und wenden dabei automatisierte Verarbeitungstechniken an und führen in einigen Fällen einen manuellen Review (durch einen Mitarbeiter) durch, um:
Konten und Aktivitäten zu verifizieren,
Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien ermitteln und verfolgen. In einigen Fällen werden die von uns zu Verstößen getroffenen Entscheidungen vom Oversight Board überprüft,
verdächtige Aktivitäten zu untersuchen,
schädliches oder rechtswidriges Verhalten zu erkennen, zu verhindern und zu bekämpfen, z. B. durch Überprüfen und in einigen Fällen Entfernen von Inhalten, die uns gemeldet wurden,
Spam und andere negative Erlebnisse aufzudecken und zu verhindern,
Bedrohungen unseres Personals bzw. Eigentums aufzudecken und zu unterbinden, und
die Integrität unserer Produkte zu wahren.
Um weitere Informationen zu Schutz, Integrität und Sicherheit im Allgemeinen im Zusammenhang mit den Meta-Produkten zu erhalten, besuche den Facebook-Sicherheitsbereich und die Instagram-Sicherheitstipps.
Um unsere Plattform und unser Netzwerk zu sichern, Konten und Aktivitäten zu verifizieren, schädliches Verhalten zu bekämpfen, Spam und andere negative Erlebnisse aufzudecken, zu verhindern und zu beheben, die Meta-Produkte von schädlichen oder unangemessenen Inhalten freizuhalten, verdächtige Aktivitäten oder Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu untersuchen und um den Schutz von Minderjährigen sicherzustellen, u. a., um sie vor Ausbeutung oder sonstigen Schäden zu schützen, für die solche Personen eventuell besonders anfällig sind.
Im Interesse unserer Nutzer und der breiten Öffentlichkeit, um negative Erlebnisse zu verhindern und den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit zu fördern.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Nachrichten, die du sendest und empfängst, einschließlich ihrer Inhalte, vorbehaltlich des
anwendbaren Rechts
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Kommunikation mit dir:
Wir verwenden die Informationen, die du uns zur Verfügung gestellt hast (wie Kontaktinformationen, die du in deinem Profil eingegeben hast), um dir eine Mitteilung zu senden, wie eine E-Mail oder einen Hinweis in einem Produkt, zum Beispiel in folgenden Fällen:
Wir kontaktieren dich per E-Mail oder per Benachrichtigung innerhalb der Produkte im Zusammenhang mit den Meta-Produkten, produktbezogenen Angelegenheiten, Forschung oder um dich über unsere Nutzungsbedingungen und Richtlinien zu informieren.
Wir verwenden auch Kontaktinformationen wie deine E-Mail-Adresse, um dir zu antworten, wenn du uns kontaktierst.
Um wichtige Updates im Zusammenhang mit unseren Produkten mit unseren minderjährigen Nutzern zu teilen und unsere Produkte zu bewerben.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Kontaktinformationen in deinem Profil und deine Kommunikation mit uns
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
In Bezug auf alle Personen, einschließlich Minderjähriger
Bereitstellung von Messungen, Analysen und anderen Unternehmens-Services für Unternehmen und andere Partner:
Unsere Systeme verarbeiten automatisch, sowie teilweise durch manuelle (menschliche) Verarbeitung, Informationen, die wir über dich und andere erhoben und gespeichert haben. Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um:
Unternehmen und anderen Partnern Einblicke und Messberichte zur Verfügung zu stellen, um ihnen zu helfen, die Effektivität und Verbreitung ihrer Inhalte und Dienste oder der ihrer Kunden zu messen, um zu verstehen, welche Art von Personen ihre Inhalte sehen, und die Performance ihrer Inhalte auf und außerhalb der Meta-Produkte nachzuvollziehen, und
aggregierte Nutzeranalysen und Insights-Berichte bereitzustellen, die Nutzern, Unternehmen und anderen Partnern helfen, beispielsweise die Zielgruppen, mit denen sie in Verbindung treten möchten, besser zu verstehen, sowie die Personengruppen, die ihre Produkte und Dienste nutzen und wie Personen mit ihren Inhalten, Websites, Apps, Produkten und Diensten interagieren, einschließlich der Verbindung zu Meta-Produkten, der Leistung dieser Verbindung und Netzwerke sowie der Nutzererfahrung damit.
In unserem Interesse, um genaue und zuverlässige Berichte für unsere Unternehmen und sonstigen Partner bereitzustellen, um eine genaue Preisgestaltung und genaue Performancestatistiken sicherzustellen, um den Wert aufzuzeigen, den unsere Partner durch die Nutzung der Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen realisieren, und um unseren sonstigen Partnern angemessene Zahlungs- und Abrechnungsoptionen zur Verfügung zu stellen, und
im Interesse von Entwicklern und sonstigen Partnern, um ihnen zu helfen, Erkenntnisse über ihre Kunden zu erlangen und ihre Geschäfte zu verbessern, unsere Preismodelle zu validieren und die Effektivität ihrer Produkte, Dienste, Online-Inhalte auf und außerhalb von den Produkten der Meta-Unternehmen zu bewerten.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, und zu deiner Verbindung, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Wenn wir dir Werbung auf Meta-Produkten zeigen:
Bereitstellung von Messungen, Analysen und anderen Unternehmens-Services für Unternehmen, Werbetreibende und andere Partner:
Unsere Systeme verarbeiten automatisch, sowie teilweise durch manuelle (menschliche) Verarbeitung, Informationen, die wir über dich und andere erhoben und gespeichert haben. Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um:
Unternehmen, Werbetreibenden und anderen Partnern Einblicke und Messberichte zur Verfügung zu stellen, um ihnen zu helfen, die Effektivität und Verbreitung ihrer Werbeanzeigen, Inhalte und Dienste oder der ihrer Kunden zu messen, um zu verstehen, welche Art von Personen ihre Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen sehen, und die Performance ihrer Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb der Meta-Produkte nachzuvollziehen, und
aggregierte Nutzeranalysen und Insights-Berichte bereitzustellen, die Unternehmen, Werbetreibenden und anderen Partnern helfen, beispielsweise die Zielgruppen, mit denen sie in Verbindung treten möchten, besser zu verstehen, sowie die Personengruppen, die ihre Produkte und Dienste nutzen und wie Personen mit ihren Websites, Apps, Produkten und Diensten interagieren, einschließlich der Verbindung zu Meta-Produkten, der Leistung dieser Verbindung und Netzwerke sowie der Nutzererfahrung damit.
In unserem Interesse, um genaue und zuverlässige Berichte für unsere Unternehmen, Werbetreibenden, und sonstigen Partner bereitzustellen, um eine genaue Preisgestaltung und genaue Performancestatistiken sicherzustellen, um den Wert aufzuzeigen, den unsere Partner durch die Nutzung der Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen realisieren, und um unseren Werbetreibenden und sonstigen Partnern angemessene Zahlungs- und Abrechnungsoptionen zur Verfügung zu stellen, und
Im Interesse von Werbetreibenden, Entwicklern und sonstigen Partnern, um ihnen zu helfen, Erkenntnisse über ihre Kunden zu erlangen und ihre Geschäfte zu verbessern, unsere Preismodelle zu validieren und die Effektivität ihrer Produkte, Dienste, Online-Inhalte und Werbung auf und außerhalb von den Produkten der Meta-Unternehmen zu bewerten.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, und zu deiner Verbindung, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Kommunikation, Interaktion und Teilen von Inhalten über die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen hinweg:
Um ein nahtloses, einheitliches und reichhaltigeres, innovatives Erlebnis über die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen hinweg bereitzustellen und Interaktionen über verschiedene Apps hinweg sowie das Teilen, Anzeigen und Interagieren mit Inhalten, einschließlich Posts und Videos, zu ermöglichen.
In unserem Interesse, um nahtlose, einheitliche und reichhaltigere, innovative Kommunikation, Interaktion und Teilen von Erlebnissen über die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen hinweg zu ermöglichen.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, und zu deiner Verbindung, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Business Intelligence und Statistik:
Um in aggregierter Form deine Nutzung unserer Produkte und über diese hinweg zu verstehen, um Personen und Unternehmen richtig zählen zu können und
Kennzahlen im direkten Zusammenhang damit zu bestätigen, um zu informieren und die Produktrichtung und ‑entwicklung zu verbessern, und um Berichtspflichten (gegenüber Aktionären/hinsichtlich Gewinnen) nachzukommen.
In unserem Interesse, um die Nutzung unserer Produkte zu messen und die Personen zu zählen, die mit unseren Produkten interagieren, um zu informieren und die Produktrichtung und ‑entwicklung zu verbessern und um die Bereitstellung richtiger und zuverlässiger Berichte sicherzustellen.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Bereitstellen von Marketingmitteilungen für dich:
Je nach deinen Einstellungen senden wir dir von Zeit zu Zeit Marketingmitteilungen.
Wir erheben und speichern deine Informationen und verwenden sie, um dir Marketingmitteilungen zu senden, wie z. B. eine E-Mail.
In unserem Interesse, die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen zu bewerben und unser Direktmarketing zu versenden.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Informationen und Inhalte, die du zur Verfügung stellst, einschließlich deiner Kontaktinformationen wie z. B. deine E-Mail-Adresse
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Gerätekennungen
Forschung und Innovation für soziale Zwecke:
Wir führen Umfragen durch und verwenden Informationen (u. a. von Forschern, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten), um Forschung und Innovation zu Themen des sozialen Allgemeinwohls, des technologischen Fortschritts, des öffentlichen Interesses, der Gesundheit und des Wohlergehens durchzuführen und zu unterstützen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die uns über Migrationsmuster in Krisensituationen zur Verfügung stehenden Informationen. Dies unterstützt Hilfsorganisationen dabei, Hilfsmittel und Unterstützung an die richtigen Orte zu bringen.
Wir erheben, speichern, verknüpfen, analysieren und wenden automatische Verarbeitungstechniken wie Aggregation von Informationen sowie manuelle (menschliche) Überprüfungen an und teilen Informationen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um auf diese Weise Forschung zu betreiben und Innovationen für soziale Zwecke zu fördern.
Wir unterstützen die Forschung in Bereichen wie künstliche Intelligenz und maschinelles Lernen.
Erfahre mehr
zu unseren Forschungsprogrammen.
In unserem Interesse und im Interesse der allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit, um den Stand der Technik bzw. das wissenschaftliche Verständnis bezüglich wichtiger sozialer Themen zu fördern, die unsere Gesellschaft und Welt positiv beeinflussen.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Anonymisieren deiner Informationen
In einigen Fällen anonymisieren wir Informationen, die uns über dich vorliegen, z. B. deine Aktivität auf und außerhalb von unseren Produkten, und nutzen die daraus resultierenden Informationen beispielsweise, um unsere Meta-Produkte, einschließlich Werbeanzeigen, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern.
In unserem Interesse zur Finanzierung unserer Bereitstellung der Meta-Produkte, Bereitstellung relevanter Werbeanzeigen für Nutzer und Verbesserung der Anzeigenauslieferung und Meta-Produkte;
Im Interesse von Werbetreibenden, um ihnen zu helfen, relevante Zielgruppen, die an ihren Informationen, Produkten oder Diensten interessiert sein könnten, zu erreichen;
Im Interesse von Nutzern, damit Meta Datenminimierung und eingebauten Datenschutz in Bezug auf ihre Informationen praktizieren kann
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, und zu deiner Verbindung, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Berichte über die Performance unserer Produkte auf deinem Gerät
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Weitergabe von Informationen an andere, einschließlich Strafverfolgungsbehörden, und um auf rechtliche Anfragen zu reagieren.
Informationen darüber, wann wir Informationen an Strafverfolgungsbehörden und andere weitergeben, findest du unter
Wie reagieren wir auf rechtliche Anfragen, verhindern Schäden und fördern den Schutz und die Sicherheit?
Die Informationskategorien, auf die wir zugreifen, die wir aufbewahren, nutzen und teilen, hängen von den jeweiligen Umständen ab. Beispiel: Bei Reaktionen auf rechtliche Anfragen, zu denen wir gesetzlich nicht verpflichtet sind, sind dies in der Regel eingeschränkte Informationen (wie Kontaktdaten und Login-Informationen).
Die Informationen, die wir verarbeiten, hängen jedoch von den Verarbeitungszwecken ab, zu denen folgende gehören können:
als Reaktion auf
rechtliche Anfragen
von Dritten wie zum Beispiel von Prozessführenden in Zivilprozessen oder von Strafverfolgungs- und anderen Behörden.
um anwendbares Recht einzuhalten oder legitime rechtliche Zwecke zu erfüllen.
um den Schutz, die Sicherheit und die Integrität von Meta, Meta-Produkten, Produkten, der Nutzer, der Mitarbeiter, des Eigentums und der Öffentlichkeit zu fördern.
Erfahre mehr dazu
, wie wir Schutz, Sicherheit und Integrität fördern.
In unserem Interesse und im Interesse der allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit, um Betrug, eine unberechtigte Nutzung der Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen, Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien sowie sonstige schädliche oder illegale Aktivitäten zu verhindern und zu verfolgen; um uns (einschließlich unserer Rechte, des Personals und des Eigentums von Meta bzw. der Meta-Produkte), unsere Nutzer oder andere zu schützen, u. a. im Rahmen von Untersuchungen oder Anfragen von Behörden; oder um den Tod oder eine drohende Körperverletzung zu verhindern.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Förderung des Schutzes, der Integrität und der Sicherheit unter bestimmten Umständen außerhalb der Erfüllung unserer Verträge mit dir:
Unsere Meta-Produkte werden bereitgestellt, um den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit dieser Dienste und der Menschen, die sie nutzen, sicherzustellen.
Wir führen automatisierte Verarbeitungen sowie manuelle (menschliche) Überprüfungen durch, um Konten und Aktivitäten zu verifizieren, schädliches Verhalten zu bekämpfen, Spam und sonstige Sicherheitsangelegenheiten sowie negative Erlebnisse anderer Art aufzudecken und zu verhindern, die Integrität unserer Produkte aufrechtzuerhalten und den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit auf und außerhalb der Meta-Produkte zu fördern.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir uns zur Verfügung stehende Informationen, um verdächtige Aktivitäten oder Verletzungen unserer Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu untersuchen oder um zu erkennen, wenn jemand Hilfe benötigt.
Mehr dazu erfährst du im
Facebook-Sicherheitsbereich
und in den
Instagram-Sicherheitstipps
.
In unserem Interesse, unsere Plattform und unser Netzwerk zu sichern, Konten und Aktivitäten zu verifizieren, schädliches Verhalten zu bekämpfen, Spam und andere negative Erlebnisse aufzudecken, zu verhindern und zu verfolgen, die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen von schädlichen oder unangemessenen Inhalten freizuhalten und um verdächtige Aktivitäten oder Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu untersuchen und diesbezüglich Maßnahmen zu ergreifen; und
Im Interesse unserer Nutzer und der breiten Öffentlichkeit, um negative Erlebnisse zu verhindern und den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit zu fördern.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Weitergabe deiner Kontakt-, Profil- oder sonstiger Informationen an Dritte auf Antrag von dir:
Du kannst freiwillig deine Kontakt- und Profilinformationen und andere Daten mit unseren Partnern teilen: Die Arten von Partnern, mit denen die Informationen geteilt werden, hängt davon ab, welche Features unseres Dienstes du nutzt und wie du sie nutzt. Wenn du beispielsweise dein Facebook-Konto mit der App eines Partners verbindest, kannst du freiwillig deine E-Mail-Adresse, deinen Geburtstag, deine Freundesliste, deine Heimatstadt oder andere Informationen mit diesem Partner teilen.
Um Nutzern der Apps unserer Partner hochwertige Erfahrungen zu bieten, entsprechend unserem Interesse und dem Interesse unserer Nutzer.
Um Nutzererlebnisse in den Partner-Apps zu ermöglichen und zu verbessern, entsprechend dem Interesse unserer Partner, die Nutzererfahrungen in ihren Apps ermöglichen und verbessern möchten.
Informationen, die du bereitstellst (beispielsweise E-Mail-Adresse, Geburtstag, Freundesliste und Heimatstadt).
Wenn du ein Gerät benutzt, das wir nicht mit einem registrierten Nutzer der Meta-Produkte verknüpfen können
Förderung von Schutz, Integrität und Sicherheit:
Unsere Meta-Produkte werden in einer Weise bereitgestellt, die den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit dieser Dienste und der Menschen, die sie nutzen, sicherstellen soll.
Wir erheben und speichern Informationen, die uns für diesen Zweck zur Verfügung stehen und führen automatisierte Verarbeitungen und manuelle (d. h. menschliche) Überprüfungen durch, um Konten und Aktivitäten zu verifizieren, schädliches Verhalten zu bekämpfen, Spam und sonstige Sicherheitsangelegenheiten sowie negative Erlebnisse anderer Art aufzudecken und zu verhindern, die Integrität unserer Produkte aufrechtzuerhalten und den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit auf und außerhalb der Meta-Produkte zu untersuchen und zu fördern.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir uns zur Verfügung stehende Informationen, um verdächtige Aktivitäten oder Verletzungen unserer Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu untersuchen oder um zu erkennen, wenn jemand Hilfe benötigt.
Mehr dazu erfährst du im
Facebook-Sicherheitsbereich
und in den
Instagram-Sicherheitstipps
.
In unserem Interesse, unsere Plattform und unser Netzwerk zu sichern, Konten und Aktivitäten zu verifizieren, schädliches Verhalten zu bekämpfen, Spam und andere negative Erlebnisse aufzudecken, zu verhindern und zu verfolgen, die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen von schädlichen oder unangemessenen Inhalten freizuhalten und um verdächtige Aktivitäten oder Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien zu untersuchen und diesbezüglich Maßnahmen zu ergreifen; und
Im Interesse unserer Nutzer im Allgemeinen und der breiten Öffentlichkeit, um negative Erlebnisse zu verhindern und den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit zu fördern.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Bereitstellen von Marketingmitteilungen für dich: Wir erheben und speichern deine Informationen und verwenden sie, um dir Marketingmitteilungen zu senden, wie z. B. eine E-Mail.
In unserem Interesse, die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen zu bewerben und unser Direktmarketing zu versenden.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Informationen und Inhalte, die du zur Verfügung stellst, einschließlich deiner Kontaktinformationen wie z. B. deiner E-Mail-Adresse
Forschung und Innovation für soziale Zwecke:
Wir führen Umfragen durch und verwenden Informationen (u. a. von Forschungspartnern, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten), um Forschung und Innovation zu Themen des sozialen Allgemeinwohls, des technologischen Fortschritts, des öffentlichen Interesses, der Gesundheit und des Wohlergehens durchzuführen und zu unterstützen.
Wir erheben, speichern, verknüpfen, analysieren und wenden automatische Verarbeitungstechniken wie Aggregation auf Informationen sowie manuelle (menschliche) Überprüfungen im erforderlichen Maß an, um auf diese Weise Forschung zu betreiben und Innovationen für soziale Zwecke zu fördern.
Wir unterstützen die Forschung in Bereichen wie künstliche Intelligenz und maschinelles Lernen.
Erfahre mehr
zu unseren Forschungsprogrammen.
In unserem Interesse und im Interesse der allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit, um den Stand der Technik bzw. das wissenschaftliche Verständnis bezüglich wichtiger sozialer Themen zu fördern, die unsere Gesellschaft und Welt positiv beeinflussen.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Weitergabe von Informationen an andere, einschließlich Strafverfolgungsbehörden, und um auf
rechtliche Anfragen
zu reagieren.
Informationen darüber, wann wir Informationen an Strafverfolgungsbehörden und andere weitergeben, findest du unter
Wie reagieren wir auf rechtliche Anfragen, verhindern Schäden und fördern den Schutz und die Sicherheit?
.
Die Informationskategorien, auf die wir zugreifen, die wir aufbewahren, nutzen und teilen, hängen von den jeweiligen Umständen ab. Beispiel: Bei Reaktionen auf rechtliche Anfragen, zu denen wir gesetzlich nicht verpflichtet sind, sind dies in der Regel eingeschränkte Informationen (wie Kontaktdaten und Login-Informationen).
Die Informationen, die wir verarbeiten, hängen jedoch von den Verarbeitungszwecken ab, zu denen folgende gehören können:
als Reaktion auf
rechtliche Anfragen
von Dritten wie zum Beispiel von Prozessführenden in Zivilprozessen oder von Strafverfolgungs- und anderen Behörden.
um anwendbares Recht einzuhalten oder legitime rechtliche Zwecke zu erfüllen.
um den Schutz, die Sicherheit und die Integrität von Meta, Meta-Produkten, Produkten, der Nutzer, der Mitarbeiter, des Eigentums und der Öffentlichkeit zu fördern.
Erfahre mehr dazu
, wie wir Schutz, Sicherheit und Integrität fördern.
In unserem Interesse und im Interesse der allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit, um Betrug, eine unberechtigte Nutzung der Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen, Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien sowie sonstige schädliche oder illegale Aktivitäten zu verhindern und zu verfolgen; um uns (einschließlich unserer Rechte, des Personals und des Eigentums von Meta bzw. der Meta-Produkte), unsere Nutzer oder andere zu schützen, u. a. im Rahmen von Untersuchungen oder Anfragen von Behörden; oder um den Tod oder eine drohende Körperverletzung zu verhindern.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Um unsere Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verbessern:
Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Informationen zu folgenden Zwecken:
Produkte bereitstellen und Features kuratieren
Sehen, ob ein Produkt ordnungsgemäß funktioniert
Nach Fehlern suchen und diese gegebenenfalls beheben
Neue Produkte und Funktionen testen, um deren Funktionalität zu prüfen
Feedback zu unseren Ideen für Produkte oder Funktionen einholen
Durchführung von Umfragen und anderer Forschung dazu, was dir an unseren Produkten und Marken gefällt und was wir noch besser machen können
Um die Produkte der Meta-Unternehmen auf einheitliche Weise zu verbessern, um technische Funktionsstörungen zu beheben und um die Funktionalität zu optimieren
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Wenn wir deine Informationen verarbeiten, weil dies notwendig ist, um unsere berechtigten Interessen oder die eines Dritten zu verfolgen, hast du das Recht, Widerspruch einzulegen und die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung zu beantragen. Um dein Recht auszuüben, gehe zu den
Facebook-Einstellungen
, zum
Hilfebereich
und zu den Instagram-Einstellungen.
Wir werden verschiedene Faktoren berücksichtigen, wenn wir einen Widerspruch bewerten, wie unter anderem: die angemessenen Erwartungen unserer Nutzer; die Nutzen und Risiken für dich, uns, andere Nutzer oder Dritte; sowie sonstige verfügbare Mittel zur Erreichung desselben Zwecks, die möglicherweise weniger invasiv sind und keinen unverhältnismäßigen Aufwand erfordern. Sofern wir nicht feststellen, dass wir zwingende berechtigte Gründe für diese Verarbeitung haben, die deine Interessen oder Grundrechte und Grundfreiheiten überwiegen, oder sofern die Verarbeitung nicht aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, wird deinem Widerspruch stattgegeben und wir werden die Verarbeitung deiner Informationen einstellen. Weitere Informationen zu den Umständen, unter denen ein Widerspruch erfolgreich sein kann, findest du im
Hilfebereich
.
Wenn du in deinem Land minderjährig bist und kein durchsetzbarer Vertrag besteht, werden wir die Tatsache, dass du minderjährig bist, besonders berücksichtigen, wenn wir unsere Bewertung unserer berechtigten Interessen sowie die Abwägung deiner Interessen und Rechte durchführen. Wir stellen Minderjährigen einen besonderen Schutz bereit, um sicherzustellen, dass sie sich der Risiken, Folgen, Schutzmaßnahmen und Rechte bewusst sind, die mit der Verarbeitung ihrer Informationen verbunden sind.
Im öffentlichen Interesse durchgeführte Aufgaben
Die Zwecke, für die wir die Verarbeitung deiner Informationen als Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse erwarten, die Verarbeitung, die wir vornehmen, und die Informationen, die wir verwenden, werden nachstehend dargelegt:
Warum und wie wir deine Informationen verarbeiten
Informationskategorien, die wir verwenden (mehr über die einzelnen Informationskategorien erfährst du unter „
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
“). Welche Informationen wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von deinen tatsächlichen Umständen ab, könnte aber Folgendes umfassen:
Forschung für soziale Zwecke: Wir erheben, speichern, verknüpfen, analysieren und wenden automatische Verarbeitungstechniken wie Aggregation auf Informationen sowie manuelle (menschliche) Überprüfungen an, um auf diese Weise Forschung zu betreiben und andere Aufgaben zu erledigen, die im öffentlichen Interesse sind, beispielsweise Teilen relevanter Forschungsdaten mit Dritten wie internationalen Organisationen und Wissenschaftlern innerhalb und außerhalb des EWR. Das öffentliche Interesse muss im Unionsrecht oder im Recht der Mitgliedstaaten oder anderen anwendbaren Gesetzen, denen wir unterliegen, festgelegt sein. In diesem Fall stützen wir uns auf die Artikel 168 und 179 des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du ausführst
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Zur Förderung von Schutz, Integrität und Sicherheit: Unter spezifischen tatsächlichen Umständen greifen wir auf deine Daten zu, bewahren sie auf und geben sie an Aufsichtsbehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden oder andere weiter, wenn dies zur Erfüllung einer Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse erforderlich ist. So können wir beispielsweise Informationen mit anderen zum Zwecke der Bekämpfung rechtswidrigen oder schädlichen Verhaltens teilen, wenn dies im öffentlichen Interesse liegt und wenn das öffentliche Interesse im Unionsrecht oder im Recht der Mitgliedstaaten oder in anderen anwendbaren Gesetzen, denen wir unterliegen, festgelegt ist. In diesem Fall stützen wir uns auf Section 53 des Data Protection Act 2018 und auf die Verordnung (EU) 2021/1232.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Metadaten zu Inhalten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Wenn wir deine Informationen so verarbeiten, wie es für die Wahrnehmung einer im öffentlichen Interesse liegenden Aufgabe erforderlich ist, hast du das Recht, unserer Verarbeitung zu widersprechen und ihre Einschränkung zu verlangen. Um deine Rechte auszuüben, gehe zu den
Facebook-Einstellungen
, zum
Hilfebereich
und den Instagram-Einstellungen. Bei der Bewertung eines Widerspruchs werden wir verschiedene Faktoren berücksichtigen, wie unter anderem: die vernünftigen Erwartungen unserer Nutzer; Nutzen und Risiken für dich, uns, andere Nutzer oder Dritte; sowie sonstige verfügbare Mittel zur Erreichung desselben Zwecks, die möglicherweise weniger invasiv sind und keinen unverhältnismäßigen Aufwand erfordern.
Dein Widerspruch wird aufrechterhalten, und wir werden die Verarbeitung deiner Daten einstellen, es sei denn, wir stellen fest, dass wir zwingende berechtigte Gründe für diese Verarbeitung haben, die deine Interessen oder Grundrechte und -freiheiten überwiegen, oder dass die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Weitere Informationen zu den Umständen, unter denen ein Widerspruch erfolgreich sein kann, findest du im
Hilfebereich
.
Schutz deiner wesentlichen Interessen oder der einer anderen Person
Die verwendeten Informationskategorien, warum wir deine Informationen zum Schutz deiner wesentlichen Interessen oder der lebenswichtigen Interessen einer anderen Person verarbeiten, und wie die Verarbeitung erfolgt, werden im Folgenden aufgeführt.
Warum und wie wir deine Informationen verarbeiten
Informationskategorien, die wir verwenden (mehr über die einzelnen Informationskategorien erfährst du unter „
Welche Informationen erheben wir?
“). Welche Informationen wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von deinen tatsächlichen Umständen ab, könnte aber Folgendes umfassen:
Schutz deiner wesentlichen Interessen und/oder der wesentlichen Interessen einer anderen Person: Wir verwenden automatische Verarbeitungstechniken, führen manuelle (menschliche) Überprüfungen durch und geben Informationen in Situationen, in denen die wesentlichen Interessen von jemandem Schutz bedürfen, z. B. in Notfällen, weiter, unter anderem an Strafverfolgungsbehörden und andere. Zu diesen wesentlichen Interessen zählen der Schutz des Lebens, der körperlichen und psychischen Gesundheit, des Wohlbefindens oder der Integrität von dir oder anderen sowie das Erkennen, Entfernen und Melden illegaler Inhalte. Durch den Schutz dieser wesentlichen Interessen möchten wir schädliches Verhalten bekämpfen und den Schutz, die Integrität und die Sicherheit fördern, beispielsweise wenn wir Meldungen über schädliches Verhalten nachgehen oder geeignete Maßnahmen ergreifen, wie die Weitergabe von Informationen an zuständige Behörden, wenn jemand Hilfe benötigt.
Deine Aktivitäten und die von dir bereitgestellten Informationen
:
Inhalte, die du erstellst, wie Beiträge, Kommentare oder Audio
Inhalte, die du über unsere Kamerafunktion oder deine Einstellungen für Aufnahmen oder über unsere sprachgestützten Funktionen bereitstellst
Nachrichten, die du sendest und empfängst, einschließlich ihrer Inhalte,
vorbehaltlich des anwendbaren Rechts
Metadaten zu Inhalten und Nachrichten
Die Arten von Inhalten, die du dir ansiehst bzw. mit denen du interagierst und wie du mit ihnen interagierst.
Die Apps und Funktionen, die du nutzt, und welche Handlungen du in ihnen durchführst
Käufe oder andere Transaktionen, die du tätigst, einschließlich gekürzter Kreditkartendaten
Hashtags, die du verwendest
Zeitpunkt, Häufigkeit und Dauer deiner Aktivitäten auf unseren Produkten
Dein Foto- oder Video-Selfie, wenn du es uns zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du uns wegen Support für dein Konto kontaktierst
Freunde, Abonnenten und andere Kontakte
App-, Browser- und Geräteinformationen
:
Geräteeigenschaften und Gerätesoftware
Was du gerade auf deinem Gerät tust, z. B. ob sich unsere App im Vordergrund befindet oder ob sich deine Maus bewegt (dies kann dabei helfen, Menschen von Robotern zu unterscheiden).
Identifikatoren, die dein Gerät von dem/den Gerät(en) anderer Nutzer unterscheiden
Gerätesignale
Informationen, die du über deine Geräteeinstellungen geteilt hast
Standortbezogene Informationen
Informationen zum Netzwerk, mit dem du dein Gerät verbindest, einschließlich deiner IP-Adresse
Informationen von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
Informationen von Partnern, Anbietern und Dritten
Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben?
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in Facebook-Produkten bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern, sowie um Facebook-Produkte für Personen bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, die bereits ein Konto haben.
Weitere Informationen zu erforderlichen und optionalen Cookies
In unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie
erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern.
Alle Cookies erlauben
Nur erforderliche Cookies erlauben
Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben?
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in Facebook-Produkten bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern, sowie um Facebook-Produkte für Personen bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, die bereits ein Konto haben.
Weitere Informationen zu erforderlichen und optionalen Cookies
In unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie
erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern.
Alle Cookies erlauben
Nur erforderliche Cookies erlauben
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 3
https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr:
Wählen Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen aus
Wir verwenden essentielle Cookies und ähnliche Tools, die für die Bereitstellung unserer Website und Services erforderlich sind. Wir verwenden Performance-Cookies, um anonyme Statistiken zu sammeln, damit wir verstehen können, wie Kunden unsere Website nutzen, und Verbesserungen vornehmen können. Essentielle Cookies können nicht deaktiviert werden, aber Sie können auf „Anpassen“ oder „Ablehnen“ klicken, um Performance-Cookies abzulehnen.
Wenn Sie damit einverstanden sind, verwenden AWS und zugelassene Drittanbieter auch Cookies, um nützliche Features der Website bereitzustellen, Ihre Präferenzen zu speichern und relevante Inhalte, einschließlich relevanter Werbung, anzuzeigen. Um alle nicht notwendigen Cookies zu akzeptieren oder abzulehnen, klicken Sie auf „Akzeptieren“ oder „Ablehnen“. Um detailliertere Entscheidungen zu treffen, klicken Sie auf „Anpassen“.
Akzeptieren
Ablehnen
Anpassen
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Tools (zusammen "Cookies") für folgende Zwecke.
Essenziell
Diese Cookies sind erforderlich, um unsere Website und Services bereitzustellen und können nicht deaktiviert werden. Sie werden in der Regel als Reaktion auf Ihre Aktionen auf der Website festgelegt, z. B. die Festlegung Ihrer Datenschutzeinstellungen, die Anmeldung oder das Ausfüllen von Formularen.
Leistung
Leistungs-Cookies stellen anonyme Statistiken darüber bereit, wie Kunden auf unserer Website navigieren, damit wir die Website-Erfahrung und -Leistung verbessern können. Zugelassene Dritte können Analysen in unserem Namen durchführen, die Daten aber nicht für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden.
Lesitungs-Cookies zulassen
Erlaubt
Funktional
Funktionale Cookies helfen uns dabei, nützliche Website-Funktionen bereitzustellen, Ihre Präferenzen zu speichern und relevante Inhalte anzuzeigen. Zugelassene Dritte können diese Cookies so einrichten, dass bestimmte Website-Funktionen bereitgestellt werden. Wenn Sie diese Cookies nicht zulassen, funktionieren einige oder alle dieser Services möglicherweise nicht ordnungsgemäß.
Funktionale Cookies zulassen
Erlaubt
Werbung
Diese Cookies können von uns oder unseren Werbepartnern über unsere Website gesetzt werden und uns helfen, relevante Marketinginhalte bereitzustellen. Wenn Sie diese Cookies nicht zulassen, werden Sie weniger relevante Werbung erleben.
Werbe-Cookies zulassen
Erlaubt
Das Blockieren einiger Arten von Cookies kann sich auf Ihre Erfahrung auf unseren Websites auswirken. Sie können Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen jederzeit ändern, indem Sie in der Fußzeile dieser Website auf Cookie-Einstellungen klicken. Um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie wir und zugelassene Dritte Cookies auf unseren Websites verwenden, lesen Sie bitte unseren
AWS-Cookie-Hinweis.
Wir zeigen auf AWS-Websites und auf anderen Websites für Ihre Interessen relevante Werbung an, einschließlich kontextübergreifender verhaltensbezogener Werbung. Bei kontextübergreifender verhaltensbezogener Werbung werden Daten von einer Website oder App verwendet, um auf der Website oder App eines anderen Unternehmens für Sie zu werben.
Um kontextübergreifende verhaltensbasierte Werbung von AWS auf der Grundlage von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien nicht zuzulassen, wählen Sie unten „Nicht zulassen“ und „Datenschutzeinstellungen speichern“ oder besuchen Sie eine AWS-Website mit einem aktivierten, gesetzlich anerkannten Ablehnungssignal, wie z. B. Globale Datenschutzkontrolle. Wenn Sie Ihre Cookies löschen oder diese Website von einem anderen Browser oder Gerät aus besuchen, müssen Sie Ihre Auswahl erneut treffen. Weitere Informationen zu Cookies und ihrer Verwendung durch uns finden Sie in unserem
Hinweis zu AWS-Cookies
.
Kontextübergreifende Verhaltenswerbung
Zulassen
Nicht zulassen
Wenn Sie nicht alle anderen kontextübergreifenden Verhaltenswerbung von AWS-zulassen möchten,
, füllen Sie dieses Formular per E-Mail aus
.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie AWS mit Ihren Daten umgeht, finden Sie im
AWS-Datenschutzhinweis
.
Wir speichern derzeit nur wichtige Cookies, da wir Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen nicht speichern konnten.
Wenn Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen ändern möchten, versuchen Sie es später erneut über den Link in der Fußzeile der AWS-Konsole oder wenden Sie sich an den Support, wenn das Problem weiterhin besteht.
Überspringen zum Hauptinhalt
Amazon Web Services
Legal

Datenschutzhinweis
Get Started for Free
Create Free Account
Datenschutzhinweis
Die folgende Übersetzung dient ausschließlich Ihrer Information. Im Falle eines Konflikts oder eines Widerspruchs zwischen dieser übersetzten Fassung und der englischen Fassung (einschließlich infolge von Verzögerungen bei der Übersetzung) ist die englische Fassung maßgeblich.
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malaysia
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Polish
Português
Ρусский
Türkçe
日本語
한국어
中文 (简体)
Der AWS Support für Internet Explorer endet am 07/31/2022. Unterstützte Browser sind Chrome, Firefox, Edge und Safari.
Weitere Informationen »
Sub-policy 4
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms: Standard Contractual Clauses
Index of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) used in connection with the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Table of Contents
SCCs (Controller-to-Controller)
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
Sub-policy 5
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Legal frameworks for data transfers
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in the
Privacy Policy
. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the frameworks described below.
Adequacy decisions
The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) adequately protect personal information, which means that data can be transferred from the European Union (EU) and Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland to those countries. The UK and Switzerland have adopted similar adequacy mechanisms. We rely on the following adequacy mechanisms:
European Commission adequacy decisions
UK adequacy regulations
Swiss adequacy decisions
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework certification
, we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for external processing on our behalf, as described in the
“Sharing your information” section of our Privacy Policy
. To learn more about the DPF, and to view Google’s certification, please visit the
DPF website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF certification, we encourage you to
contact us
. Google is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
.
Standard contractual clauses
Standard contractual clauses (SCCs) are written commitments between parties that can be used as a ground for data transfers from the EEA to third countries by providing appropriate data protection safeguards. SCCs have been approved by the European Commission and can not be modified by the parties using them (you can see the SCCs adopted by the European Commission
here
,
here
, and
here
). Such clauses have also been approved for transfers of data to countries outside the UK and Switzerland. We rely on SCCs for our data transfers where required and in instances where they are not covered by an adequacy decision. If you want to obtain a copy of the SCCs, you can
contact us
.
Google may also incorporate SCCs into contracts with customers of its business services, including
Google Workspace
,
Google Cloud Platform
,
Google Ads
, and other
ads and measurement products
. Learn more at
privacy.google.com/businesses
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 8
https://www.maptiler.com/privacy-policy/:
Products
Maptiler Cloud
MapTiler
Server & Data
Engine & Desktop
Company
Resources
Products
Maptiler Cloud
Server & Data
Engine & Desktop
Company
Resources
Privacy policy
1. Who are we and what can you find here?
We, the MapTiler team, formally represented by MapTiler AG, ID no: CHE-345.466.193, with registered office at Zugerstrasse 22/Unterägeri, Zug 6314, Switzerland, are a group of professionals creating all MapTiler services. If you visit our website
https://www.maptiler.com/
or use our services, we process some of your personal data.
Our business is built around selling our map products, not map visitors' private data. Therefore, we only collect the minimum information we need about you to run our services.
Our maps contain no spy code. We don't track the end-users to sell them targeted advertisements or, even worse, to sell such data to third parties.
Here, you will find which of your personal data we use, why we need your personal data, what entitles us to do so and for how long we keep your personal data. We will also inform you about persons with access to your personal data, about your rights and how you can exercise them.
2. What personal data do we process?
We process different personal data for different purposes. Overall, we process the following categories of personal data:
identification data
(e.g., name, surname, name of your company);
contact details
(e.g., email address, sometimes phone number);
login details
(e.g., email address and password);
identification data of your device
(IP address);
information about behaviour on the site
(e.g., number of visits to the site, how the site is used, what you have read);
information about the provided service
(e.g., information about the service ordered, its price, date of the order, its cancellation);
payment details
(e.g., credit or debit card number, bank account number);
information about the of use of the service
(e.g., what services you have used);
content of your communication with us
(e.g., when you write to us with a query).
3. What exactly can we do with your personal data?
Visiting our website and using cookies
We use cookies and similar trackers. When you visit our website
https://www.maptiler.com/
,  we may place cookies on your device to learn some information about your behaviour on the site. You can find more information about cookies in a cookie banner. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking on a rolled cookie banner in the low left corner of the website. Or you can
write to us
and we can help you with the change of the cookie settings personally.
When using cookies, we process identification data of your device (IP address) and information about your behaviour on the site. If you are a user of our services, we can also connect these data with your login details and know more about how you use our services.
We use
essential (strictly necessary) cookies
to ensure proper functioning of our website based on our legitimate interest in the operation of our website.
Based on your consent, we use
analytical and statistical (performance) cookies
to generate statistics and reports on the use of the website and to save your preferences, and advertising (targeting) cookies to display targeted advertising on other websites and to transmit it to advertising operators.
Using our services
You can use any of our offered services as MapTiler Cloud, MapTiler Data, MapTiler Engine or MapTiler Server. If you use our services, we need to
sign you up
for our service, allow you to
login
to your account,
use our service
, pay for the service (if the service is paid) and we want to
inform you
about service updates, new functionalities, its issues and security incidents.
For this purpose, we process your identification data, login, contact and payment details (only if the service is paid) and information about the use of the service. Such processing is necessary to allow you to use our service (for the performance of the service contract that we conclude when you sign up for the service). Please note that we don't have a direct access to your password which is saved in a secured Google Firebase software.
We will process your personal data until your user account is cancelled (for example upon your request).
In your account settings, you can choose which types of notifications you don't want to receive. If you don't want to receive some notifications, you can also unsubscribe in each email, and we will not send you these types of notifications. Alternatively, you can write to us, and we will do it manually.
Compliance with legal obligations
We need to
fulfil our legal obligations
set out in laws and regulations. For this purpose, we process identification data of your device (to save your cookie preferences), login and contact details (to block illegal content and identify you), payment details (only if the service is paid) and information about the use of the service.
This processing of personal data is necessary to fulfil our legal obligations, especially in the area of accounting, taxes and provision of digital services.
We will process your personal data for retention periods set out in the laws.
Protection of our rights and interests
We need to
protect our rights and interests
in disputes. For this purpose, we process any information we keep about you in relation to the provision of our services. We process your personal data for this purpose on the basis of our legitimate interest to protect our rights and interests. We can keep your personal data up to 10 years from cancellation of your user account, or in case of a dispute, until the dispute is settled. We chose this retention period in line with the laws governing limitation periods in which we or you can file a lawsuit to protect our or your rights.
You can object to this processing of your personal data. If your objection is justified (your interest in protecting your privacy outweighs our interests), we will stop processing your personal data.
Data analytics
We are constantly
improving our services
. For this purpose, we need to collect identification data of your device (IP address), data about how the traffic flows on our website, which pages are being visited and about how our products are used (also extracted from heatmaps).
We process your personal data for this purpose on the basis of our legitimate interest to improve our services. We can use your personal data until your account is cancelled.
You can object to this processing of your personal data. If your objection is justified (your interest in protecting your privacy outweighs our interests), we will stop processing your personal data for analytical purposes.
Security checks
We may use your IP addresses for security checks based on our legitimate interest to protect our software and our clients. For this purpose, we process your IP address only for the time necessary to conduct the security check when you login to your account or when you use as an end-users use our map visible on websites of our customers. We process your personal data for this purpose only for a limited period of time, for up to 2 months.  You can object to the processing of your personal data. If your objection is justified, we will stop with the processing.
Newsletters
If you subscribe, we can send you newsletters and commercial emails with information about MapTiler team and offers of our new products. Then, we process your email address to inform you about
news in the MapTiler team, our new products and possible discounts and favours
.
We can send you the newsletters based on our legitimate interest to stay in touch with our customers and to keep our direct marketing going. We can send you the newsletters until your account is cancelled or earlier until you unsubscribe from the newsletters.
If you do not want to receive the newsletters, you can unsubscribe in the account settings or directly in the newsletter and we will not send you anything. Alternatively, you can write to us and we will do it manually.
Please be aware that
we can use pixel tracking and track if you have opened our emails and newsletters or what you have read in the emails
. We process your personal data for this purpose based on our legitimate interest in improvement of our services and communication. We may use the tracked data until your account is cancelled or until you unsubscribe from the emails. You can object to the processing of your personal data. If your objection is justified, we will stop with the processing.
Contact form and communication
If you contact us with a query, we need to use your contact details and the content of your communication with us to
answer your queries
.
If you use any of our services
, we archive the communication with you to fulfil our contractual obligations with you. We need to archive the communication until the service is cancelled and sometimes up to 10 years from the cancellation of the service to protect our rights and interests in disputes.
If you are not a user of our services
, we will communicate with you based on our legitimate interest in answering your queries. We will archive the communication for up to 1 year from the last communication with you and then we will delete it. If you want us to delete the communication with you earlier, you can object to the archiving. If your objection is justified, we will delete the communication.
Sharing information in the MapTiler holding
MapTiler is a holding and therefore we may share software and databases with other companies in the holding for the purpose of effective management of our companies. In this case, we share your personal data based on our legitimate interest to effectively manage the holding. You can object to the processing of your personal data. If your objection is justified, we will stop with the processing.
Communication with investors
In the future, we may cooperate with a potential investor in our company. The investor may need to see some data about using our services to discover whether it is secure to invest in our company. In this case, we may disclose the minimum amount of our personal data to secure the investment. The investor will be obliged with a strict duty of confidentiality and security of the personal data. And after the transaction is finalised, we will inform you about the investor individually. We may disclose the information to the investor based on our legitimate interest to secure an investment in our company. You can object to the processing of your personal data. If your objection is justified, we will stop with the processing.
4. Security of your personal data
Our software and services are designed with privacy and security in mind. We use encryption everywhere it is possible and it makes sense to do so. We also do regular internal security audits. All team members undergo security and privacy training. The data centres we use have strict security policies allowing physical access to servers only to authorized persons and our infrastructure providers are certified to
ISO/IEC 27001
standard.
In case of any security incident that may affect you or your clients, we will contact you by email as soon as possible, no more than within 72 hours.
5. Who can access your personal data?
We may disclose your personal data to our suppliers usually in a position of a data processor or to public authorities. The following categories of persons may have access to your personal data:
Software operators
We may use services of other software providers which make our work easier. For example:
We use
Google Analytics
on our websites and products to see how the traffic flows, which pages are being visited, and understand how our products are used.
We use
Microsoft Clarity
to record your interaction with the website.
We use
Google Firebase
to save your login details. It is an external application that has secured both frontend and backend and uses HTTPS encryption for transferring passwords through the Internet. The MapTiler team doesn't have direct access to your passwords, only to your email addresses.
We use
Mautic
and
Mailgun
service for sending emails.
Payment provider
We use payment provider
FastSpring
to ensure the payment operations. When you are paying for software or one of our services, the money is transferred using a third-party service. This is also where you enter your credit card details; we do not have access to them.
External accountants, lawyers and tax advisors
These persons can access your personal data in order to comply with their legal obligations. They are bound by duty of confidentiality.
External experts
External experts, as programmers or data analysts, can provide us with professional assistance when using our services.
Public authorities
Sometimes we must or need to disclose your personal data to public authorities controlling the use of public funds, criminal law enforcement authorities, tax authorities etc.
Potential investors
It is possible that we may disclose some information to potential investors to our company.
If you want to know who exactly has access to your personal data and for what purposes, please let us know. We will be happy to provide you with more specific information.
Some of our suppliers are based outside the EU and Switzerland. In these cases, we have ensured that they provide appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data is secure and that your rights are not restricted in any way.
6. What are your rights and how can you contact us?
You have a number of rights in relation to the processing of your personal data. You can exercise these rights in any way that suits you. However, you must allow us to verify that it is really you exercising your rights.
Ideally, please exercise your rights by contacting us via this
contact form
on our website. Or you can write us at support@maptiler.com.
Information on profiling
Profiling may occur on our website. This means that we may use the personal data we process about you to put you into certain groups - for example, according to the service you use or the way you use the service. These profiles can give us a better understanding of who uses our website and services and how they use them, so that we can improve the website and our services. However, profiling will not affect how we provide services to you specifically.
You can object to the profiling. If your objection is justified, we will stop profiling you.
Right to withdraw your consent
If we process your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent. You can easily withdraw your consent by emailing us at support@maptiler.com.
Right to access
You have the right to access personal data we process about you. At the same time, you have the right to be informed about what personal data we process about you, for how long, what the purposes of the processing are, to whom we disclose it and whether we use it for automated decision-making (or how this automated decision-making works).
We will give you a copy of your personal data free of charge. If want more copies, we may charge you the necessary costs.
Right to rectification
Have you discovered that we are processing incomplete or incorrect personal data about you? Then you have the right to have the personal data rectified or, if required by the purpose of processing of the personal data, completed.
Right to erasure
You also have the right to have the personal data we hold about you deleted. For you to request erasure, one of the following reasons must be given:
your personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or processed;
we process your personal data unlawfully;
you have withdrawn the consent based on which your personal data was processed, and we have no other authority to process your personal data further;
you object to the processing of your personal data which we process based on our legitimate interest and unless we can demonstrate that our legitimate interest overrides your right to erasure;
there is some lawful reason that requires the erasure of that personal data.
Although you may withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data or request that we delete your personal data, we may not always delete your data. Sometimes we are required by law to process your personal data. However, we will then inform you of the grounds on which your personal data cannot be erased.
Right to restrict the processing
If you feel that your personal data is inaccurate, you may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data for the time necessary to verify its accuracy and correct it, if necessary.
You also have this right in the following cases:
the processing of your personal data is unlawful, but you do not wish your personal data to be erased;
we no longer need your personal data for the purpose for which we processed it, but you insist on processing (especially retaining) it for the establishment, exercise, or defence of your legal claims;
you have objected to the processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest; in this case, we will restrict processing until we have assessed whether our legitimate interest outweighs your right not to have your personal data processed further.
Right to object to the processing of your personal data based on legitimate interest (service offers, newsletters) or against profiling
If we process your personal data based on legitimate interest or we profile you, you have the right to object to this processing. We will assess whether it is in our legitimate interest to process your personal data for that purpose. Or whether your right not to have your personal data processed any longer prevails.
If your objection is justified (your right to protect your privacy prevails over our interests), we will stop processing your personal data.
Right to data portability
If we process your personal data by automated means based on your consent or necessity for the performance of a contract, you may ask us to provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. And to pass it on to another data controller of your choice where appropriate.
Right to complaint
Do you think that the above rights are insufficient from your point of view? Or that we are violating your rights in any way? You can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your country. For example,
here
, you will find a list of data protection supervisory authorities in the EU. In Switzerland, you can contact Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
FDPIC
). In the UK, you can contact Information Commissioner's Office (
ICO
). In California, you can contact
California Privacy Protection Agency
.
7. Changes to the privacy policy
We don't expect to make any dramatic changes to this privacy policy. However, if you are our client, we will notify you about the changes by e-mail.
notification
This website uses cookies
To make MapTiler work, we store cookies on your device. By clicking “Accept all”, you consent to our use of cookies.
Read more about privacy
Show details
Hide details
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Cookie declaration
About cookies
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.
Cookie report
Name
Provider / Domain
Expiration
Description
__cf_bm
Cloudflare Inc.
.cake.hr
30 minutes
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cf_chl_3
Cloudflare, Inc.
documentation.maptiler.com
1 hour
CookieScriptConsent
CookieScript
www.maptiler.com
1 month
This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
__cf_bm
Cloudflare Inc.
.vimeo.com
29 minutes
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
CookieScriptConsent
CookieScript
data.maptiler.com
1 month
This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
JSESSIONID
Oracle Corporation
.nr-data.net
Session
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server.
__cfruid
Cloudflare Inc.
.documentation.maptiler.com
Session
Cookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to identify trusted web traffic.
_dd_s
cloud-roadmap.maptiler.com
15 minutes
This cookie is used to store session data, ensuring that visits to a website are consistent during a session. It may include data such as how the visitor interacts with the site's pages, any preferences selected, and can help in error management.
_dd_s
engine-roadmap.maptiler.com
15 minutes
This cookie is used to store session data, ensuring that visits to a website are consistent during a session. It may include data such as how the visitor interacts with the site's pages, any preferences selected, and can help in error management.
_help_center_session
documentation.maptiler.com
Session
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
YouTube
.youtube.com
6 months
This cookie is used to store the user's consent and privacy choices for their interaction with the site. It records data on the visitor's consent regarding various privacy policies and settings, ensuring that their preferences are honored in future sessions.
__cf_bm
Cloudflare Inc.
.sage.hr
30 minutes
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
__cfruid
Cloudflare Inc.
.maptiler.zendesk.com
Session
Cookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to identify trusted web traffic.
_dd_s
server-roadmap.maptiler.com
15 minutes
This cookie is used to store session data, ensuring that visits to a website are consistent during a session. It may include data such as how the visitor interacts with the site's pages, any preferences selected, and can help in error management.
amp_just-a
.maptiler.com
1 year
vuid
Vimeo.com Inc.
.vimeo.com
1 year 1 month
These cookies are used by the Vimeo video player on websites.
_cfuvid
.sage.hr
Session
This cookie is used for purposes of tracking users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services.
cf_clearance
Cloudflare, Inc.
.documentation.maptiler.com
1 year
This cookie is used by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic and override any security restrictions based on the visitor's IP address. It is essential for supporting a website's security features and in providing protection against malicious visitors.
SL_C_23361dd035530_SID
.maptiler.com
1 year 1 month
_cfuvid
.vimeo.com
Session
This cookie is used for purposes of tracking users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services.
_pbd
.maptiler.com
14 days
cf_chl_rc_m
Cloudflare
documentation.maptiler.com
59 minutes
session
.maptiler.com
Session
Session cookies expire once you log off or close the browser. They are only stored temporarily and are destroyed after leaving the page. They are also known as transient cookies, non-persistent cookies, or temporary cookies.
Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor.
Cookie report
Name
Provider / Domain
Expiration
Description
mtc_id
cloud.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_id
www.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_sid
cloud.maptiler.com
Session
mautic_device_id
copixa.com
docs.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_id
docs.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_sid
www.maptiler.com
Session
YSC
Google LLC
.youtube.com
Session
This cookie is set by YouTube to track views of embedded videos.
mautic_device_id
copixa.com
data.maptiler.com
Session
mautic_device_id
copixa.com
www.maptiler.com
Session
mautic_referer_id
www.maptiler.com
30 minutes
mtc_id
documentation.maptiler.com
Session
mautic_device_id
copixa.com
cloud.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_id
data.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_sid
docs.maptiler.com
Session
mtc_sid
documentation.maptiler.com
Session
_ga_K4SXYBF4HT
.maptiler.com
2 hours
This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
mtc_sid
data.maptiler.com
Session
_ga
Google LLC
.maptiler.com
2 hours
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
_mkto_trk
Adobe Inc.
.maptiler.com
1 year 1 month
This cookie is associated with an email marketing service provided by Marketo. This tracking cookie allows a website to link visitor behaviour to the recipient of an email marketing campaign, to measure campaign effectiveness.
mautic_device_id
copixa.com
documentation.maptiler.com
Session
Targeting cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites.
Cookie report
Name
Provider / Domain
Expiration
Description
_gcl_au
Google LLC
.maptiler.com
2 hours
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Google LLC
.youtube.com
6 months
This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser.
You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page.
Cookies consent ID
:
Cookie
report
created by
CookieScript
Sub-policy 9
https://canny.io/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 30, 2018
Canny Inc ("us", "we", or "our") operates the
https://canny.io
website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at
https://canny.io/terms
.
Definitions:
Personal Data
means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor
(or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
The
User
is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Personal data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: email address, first and last name, cookies and usage data.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies:
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies:
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies:
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Customer Data
Customer Data may include, without limitation, (a) personal information such as names, and email addresses of your end user customers, potential customers and other users of and visitors to your websites, apps and other properties. Information may be input into the Service by you or collected by the Service using scripts and other code implemented on such properties.
We will only process Customer Data for the purposes set forth in your agreement with us for the provisioning of the Service.
Use of Data
Canny Inc uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Retention of Data
Canny Inc will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Canny Inc will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Canny Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Personal data is transferred to servers maintained by Amazon Web Services (AWS). AWS is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, ensuring that we can transfer data outside the EEA in a compliant way.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If Canny Inc is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Canny Inc may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Canny Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Canny Inc
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
Canny Inc aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Canny Inc. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page
.
Behavioral Remarketing
Canny Inc uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the
Google Ads Settings page
.
Google also recommends installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page
.
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting
this page
.
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow
these instructions
from Facebook.
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the
Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
, or the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
in Europe, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit
Facebook's Data Policy
.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processor we work with is Stripe. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed
here
.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
You can read more about our data security
here
.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@canny.io
.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.17783153.973233799.1631022705-724702420.1631022705:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
February 4, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
or by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the 'Accept All' button to agree to the use of cookies or click 'Cookie Settings' to manage your preferences. To opt out of non-essential cookies, click 'Reject All'.
Cookie Notice
Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
Privacy Preference Center
Zendesk uses web cookies to collect information about you when you visit our Site. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. At Zendesk, we may use this information for purposes that include ensuring basic functionality of our Sites; remembering user preferences, including your cookie preferences; measuring the effectiveness of our Sites, marketing campaigns, and email communications; and personalizing online content.
Please review the different category headings below to learn more and adjust the cookie settings on your current device. Please note that you will need to ensure that each web browser is adjusted to reflect your preferences if you use different computers or mobile devices.
For more information about how Zendesk uses web cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Essential cookies enable core site functionality. These cookies are necessary for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You may set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but parts of the website may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Targeting cookies, such as social media cookies, may be set through our Site by our advertising service providers, third-party advertisers, ad networks, or data exchange partners. These cookies may be used to show you relevant advertising on other third-party sites.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 11
https://www.paypal.com/at/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_AT:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on 15 April 2024
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
This Privacy Statement aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Data when you visit our website, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services”)
, We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 17 (“
Definitions
”) at the end of this statement.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the European Economic Area (EEA),
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Any reference made to “we”, “ours”, “us”, “
PayPal
” or “
PayPal Companies
” included in this Privacy Statement means PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. and the group of companies which each directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or are under common ownership.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”)
3. Non-Account Holders
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Services without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behavior patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (et. anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland, and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package
     Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable EU and Member State laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your Account and financial information up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by EU and Member State law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay without a PayPal account) or Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. such as Braintree) and to associate such transactions with your account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under EU and Member State laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other PayPal Companies
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
. The receiving PayPal company will process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under EU and Member States’ law is legal obligation and where acting under non-EU and Member State law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identification verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your Account Settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your Account Settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an Account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your Account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With partners and merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, pay other Users, or return goods we may share information about you and your Account with the other parties involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. Please note that Personal Data shared with partners and merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the partners and merchants’ own privacy policy and procedures.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with EU and UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of your Personal Data within PayPal Companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). Other transfers are based on standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your information
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an Account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from Account Settings in the PayPal app. Even if you do not you have an Account (for example, where you use Payment without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information, for your Payment without a PayPal account transactions. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorized agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your Account Settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted online or by post at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with
our lead supervisory authority for data protection
, Luxemburg National Commission for Data Protection (CNPD) by post at Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnees, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxembourg.
UK Representative can be contacted by post for any UK-specific data protection inquiries at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under EU or Member State law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By accepting this Privacy Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly agree to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above on the first business day of every quarter (January, April, July and October). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.
Specifically, you agree to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List
here
) and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
e. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
f. Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
g. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
h. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
i. Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed
here
) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay without a PayPal account means the same as in the
Terms for Payments without a PayPal account
.
PayPal Companies means companies that are owned and operated by PayPal, and process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. PayPal Companies include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet, and Braintree.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services means any PayPal branded or Unbranded Payment Services, Pay without a PayPal account, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to merchants using our card payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
If you are a
resident of the UK
, contact our representative at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service
Sub-policy 12
https://stripe.com/de/privacy:
Stripe-Rahmenvertrag
Stripe Connect
Plattformvereinbarung
Kontovereinbarung
Produkte und Programme
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate-Nutzungsbedingungen
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe-Kundenportal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe-Ecosystem für Partner
Stripe Radar
Stripe-Prämien
Stripe-Verifizierungen
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal-Einkaufskonditionen
Terminal-Konditionen für Wiederverkäufer
EULA für Stripe Terminal-Gerät
Stripe Treasury – verbundene Konten
Stripe Treasury – Plattformen
Stripe Tresor und Forward
Finanzbedingungen
Offenlegung durch Acquirer (Händlerbank)
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Konditionen für Zahlungsmethoden
Eingeschränkte und untersagte Geschäfte
Datenschutz
Datenschutzerklärung
Cookie-Richtlinie
Datenschutz-Framework
Dienstanbieterliste
Datenverarbeitungsvereinbarung
Internationale Datenübermittlung – Nachtrag
Datenschutzcenter von Stripe
Geistiges Eigentum
Geistiges Eigentum – Hinweis
Marks-Nutzung
Stripe-Apps
Vereinbarung für App-Entwickler/innen
App-Marktplatz-Vereinbarung
Lizenzen
Bedingungen für Verbraucher/innen
Dies ist eine ausschließlich zu Informationszwecken bereitgestellte Übersetzung der Datenschutzerklärung. Rechtliche Gültigkeit besitzt einzig und allein die Originalerklärung, die in englischer Sprache vorliegt.
Zuletzt aktualisiert:  16. Januar 2024.
Unsere Zusammenfassung der Aktualisierungen finden Sie hier.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie enthält wichtige Informationen über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese sorgfältig zu lesen.
Willkommen
Wir stellen die Finanzinfrastruktur für das Internet bereit. Einzelpersonen und Unternehmen jeder Größe nutzen unsere Technologie und Dienstleistungen, um Einkäufe zu vereinfachen, Zahlungen zu akzeptieren, Auszahlungen vorzunehmen und das Online-Geschäft zu verwalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („Erklärung“) beschreibt die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben, sowie Einzelheiten darüber, wie Sie sich bei Fragen zum Datenschutz an uns wenden können. Darüber hinaus werden in der Erklärung Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person und die Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Wahlmöglichkeiten dargelegt, einschließlich des Rechts, bestimmten Verwendungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, einschließlich unserer ergänzenden US-Hinweise, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Stripe“, „wir“, „unser“ oder „uns“ auf das Stripe-Unternehmen, das für die Erhebung, Nutzung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten wie in diesem Dokument beschrieben verantwortlich ist. Das für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortliche Stripe-Unternehmen kann je nach Rechtsordnung variieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
„Personenbezogene Daten“ bezieht sich auf alle Informationen, die mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person assoziiert sind, einschließlich der Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die wir über Sie während Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Diensten erheben (beispielsweise Geräteinformationen, IP-Adresse usw.).
„Dienste“ bezieht sich auf die von Stripe gemäß dem Stripe-Rahmenvertrag und den Nutzungsbedingungen für Verbraucher/innen bereitgestellten Produkte und Dienste. Dies kann Geräte und Anwendungen umfassen, die von Stripe bereitgestellt werden. Unsere „Geschäftsdienstleistungen“ sind Dienstleistungen, die wir für Unternehmen („Geschäftskunden“) erbringen, die uns direkt und indirekt personenbezogene Daten von „Endkundinnen“ und „Endkunden“ in Verbindung mit ihren eigenen Geschäftsabläufen und Aktivitäten liefern. Unsere „Endkundendienste“ richten sich direkt an Einzelpersonen zur persönlichen Nutzung. „Websites“ bezieht sich auf Stripe.com, Link.com und andere Websites, Anwendungen und Online-Dienste von Stripe. Zusammenfassend bezeichnen wir Websites, Geschäftsdienstleistungen und Endkundendienste als „Dienste“.
„Finanzpartner“ sind Finanzinstitute, Banken und andere Partner wie Acquirer von Zahlungsmethoden, Zahlungsdienstleister und Kartennetzwerke, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Dienste bereitzustellen.
Je nach Kontext bedeutet „Sie“ Endkundin/Endkunde, Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in:
Wenn Sie einen Endkundendienst für Ihren persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen, beispielsweise wenn Sie sich für Link anmelden, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endnutzer/in”.
Wenn Sie mit einem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung treten oder anderweitig eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden durchführen, indem Sie beispielsweise ein Paar Schuhe von einem Geschäftskunden kaufen, der Stripe Checkout für die Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt, aber keine direkte Transaktion mit Stripe durchführen, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endkundin/Endkunde.”
Wenn Sie im Namen eines bestehenden oder potenziellen Geschäftskunden handeln (beispielsweise als Unternehmensgründer, Kontoverwalter für einen Geschäftskunden oder als Empfänger einer Mitarbeiter-Kreditkarte eines Geschäftskunden über Stripe Issuing), kategorisieren wir Sie als „Vertreter/in”.
Wenn Sie mit Stripe durch den Besuch einer Website interagieren, ohne in einem Stripe-Konto angemeldet zu sein, oder wenn Sie an Ihrer Interaktion mit Stripe nicht als Endnutzer/in, Endkunde/Endkundin oder Vertreter/in beteiligt sind, betrachten wir Sie als „Besucher/in“. Sie sind zum Beispiel Besucher/in, wenn Sie eine Nachricht an Stripe senden und um weitere Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen bitten.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Transaktionsdaten“ auf Daten, die von Stripe erhoben und verwendet werden, um von Ihnen gewünschte Transaktionen auszuführen. Bei bestimmten Transaktionsdaten handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, die Folgendes umfassen können: Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktnummer, Ihre Rechnungs- und Versandadresse, Informationen zur Zahlungsmethode (beispielsweise Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, Bankverbindung oder das von Ihnen gewählte Zahlungskartenbild), Angaben zum Händler und zum Standort, Betrag und Datum des Kaufs sowie in einigen Fällen Informationen über den gekauften Artikel.
Je nach Aktivität übernimmt Stripe die Rolle eines „Datenverantwortlichen“ und/oder „Auftragsverarbeiters“ (oder „Dienstleisters“) aufgrund dieser Aktivität. Zusätzliche Informationen zu unserer Rolle, zu dem für diese Erklärung verantwortlichen Stripe-Unternehmen und zu unseren Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Internationale Datenübermittlung
Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Kontakt
Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Unsere Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterscheidet sich je nachdem, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin/Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, und je nachdem, welchen Dienst Sie in Anspruch nehmen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Einzelunternehmer/in sind und unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen möchten, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, um Ihr Unternehmen zum Onboarding einzuladen; gleichzeitig könnten Sie auch Endkundin/Endkunde sein, wenn Sie Waren von einem anderen Geschäftskunden gekauft haben, der unsere Dienste zur Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt. Sie könnten Endnutzer/in sein, wenn Sie unseren Endkundendienst, wie beispielsweise Link, für diese Transaktionen genutzt haben.
1.1 Endnutzer/innen
Wir erbringen Endkundendienste, wenn wir Ihnen unsere Dienste direkt für Ihre persönliche Nutzung zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise Link). Weitere Einzelheiten zu unserer Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung solcher Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben
Verwendung von Link oder Verbindung mit Ihrem Bankkonto.
Stripe bietet Ihnen den Dienst „Link“ an, mit dem Sie Ihre Zahlungsmethoden bei Stripe hinterlegen können, um sie bequem zur Zahlung bei unseren Geschäftskunden zu nutzen. Wenn Sie sich bei Link anmelden, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode) bei Stripe gespeichert werden. Dies ermöglicht effizientere Kauferfahrungen bei der künftigen Nutzung von Link. Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Link entscheiden, erheben wir auch die mit Ihren Transaktionen assoziierten Transaktionsdaten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen (auch um Zahlungen über Ihr Bankkonto via Link zu leisten), erhebt und verarbeitet Stripe in regelmäßigen Abständen Ihre Kontoinformationen (beispielsweise Angaben zu Bankkontoinhaber/in, Kontostände, Kontonummer und -daten, Kontotransaktionen und in einigen Fällen auch Anmelde-/Zugangsdaten). Sie können uns jederzeit auffordern, die Erhebung dieser Daten einzustellen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sie können auch Ausweisdokumente (beispielsweise Ihren Führerschein) bei Link hinterlegen, um diese künftig an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben.
Bezahlung von Stripe.
Wenn Sie Waren oder Dienstleistungen direkt bei Stripe kaufen, erhalten wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlung an Stripe Climate leisten, erheben wir Informationen zur Transaktion, sowie Ihre Kontaktdaten und Angaben zur Zahlungsmethode.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir bieten einen Dienst zur Identitätsverifizierung an, der den Abgleich Ihres Ausweisdokuments (z. B. Führerschein) mit Ihrem Bild (z. B. Selfie) automatisiert. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer biometrischen Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Verifizierungstechnologie separat zustimmen, was Sie jederzeit widerrufen können.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endnutzer erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Endkundendienste, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben
Dienste
Wir verwenden und geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter, um Ihnen die Endkundendienste bereitzustellen. Dazu gehören Support, Personalisierung (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten) und Mitteilungen über unsere Endkundendienste (beispielsweise Benachrichtigung über Richtlinienaktualisierungen und Informationen über unsere Dienste). Beispielsweise könnte Stripe Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien oder die Daten, die Sie unseren Geschäftskunden zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auf der Website eines Geschäftskunden eingeben), verwenden, um Sie zu erkennen und Ihnen zu helfen, Link beim Besuch der Website unseres Geschäftskunden zu verwenden. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien finden Sie in der
Cookie Policy
von Stripe.
Unsere Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen verwenden, geben wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten an die Geschäftskunden weiter, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten.
Mehr erfahren
. Darüber hinaus können Sie Ihr Bankkonto mit Stripe verbinden, und Stripe anweisen, Ihre Kontodaten an Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Geschäftskunden über eigene Datenschutz-Erklärungen verfügen, in denen sie beschreiben, wie sie die an sie weitergegebenen Informationen verwenden.
Transaktionen.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen nutzen, verwenden wir Ihre bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode), um Transaktionen mit Geschäftskunden von Stripe durchzuführen. Wir stellen diese Daten Geschäftskunden und anderen, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zur Verfügung und verarbeiten sie gemäß Abschnitt 1.2 dieser Erklärung als Datenverarbeiter für diese Geschäftskunden.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste (beispielsweise Stripe Radar) erheben, um Betrug zu erkennen und um finanziellen Verlusten für Sie, uns und unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner vorzubeugen, einschließlich der Erkennung nicht autorisierter Käufe. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, personenbezogene Daten über Sie (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Werbung.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Ihre Eignung für weitere Endnutzer-Dienste zu prüfen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Endkundendienste zu bewerben. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig (einschließlich Ihrer gegebenenfalls erforderlichen Einwilligung), verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern und geben diese an andere weiter, damit wir unsere Endkundendienste an Sie vermarkten können, auch durch interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Dritte weiter, aber wir können Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.2 Endkundinnen und Endkunden
Stripe erbringt verschiedene Geschäftsdienstleistungen für seine Geschäftskunden. Dazu zählen persönliche oder Online-Zahlungen oder Auszahlungen für diese Geschäftskunden. Wenn wir als Dienstleister eines Geschäftskunden agieren (auch „Datenverarbeiter“ genannt), verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden gemäß unserer Vereinbarung mit dem Geschäftskunden und seinen rechtmäßigen Anweisungen. Dies geschieht zum Beispiel, wenn wir eine Zahlung für einen Geschäftskunden abwickeln, weil Sie etwas bei ihm gekauft haben oder wenn er uns anweist, Ihnen Gelder zu schicken.
Geschäftskunden sind für die Einhaltung der Datenschutzrechte ihrer Endkunden verantwortlich, einschließlich der Einholung angemessener Einwilligungen und der Offenlegung ihrer eigenen Datenerhebung und -verwendung im Zusammenhang mit ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren.
Weitere umfassende Informationen über die Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endkunden und Endkundinnen finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten stützen.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben
Transaktionsdaten.
Wir erhalten Ihre Transaktionsdaten, wenn Sie als Endkundin oder Endkunde Zahlungen an unseren Geschäftskunden leisten, Rückerstattungen von ihm erhalten, einen Kauf oder eine Spende veranlassen oder anderweitig mit unserem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, ob persönlich oder online. Wir können auch Ihren Transaktionsverlauf vom Geschäftskunden erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem können wir die Daten erheben, die Sie bei einem Bezahlvorgang eingeben, auch wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, das Ausfüllen des Formulars abzubrechen oder keine Transaktion mit dem Geschäftskunden vorzunehmen.
Mehr erfahren
. Ein Geschäftskunde, der den Terminal-Dienst von Stripe nutzt, um seine Waren oder Dienstleistungen an Endkundinnen und Endkunden zu vertreiben, kann den Terminal-Dienst nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten der Endkundinnen und Endkunden (wie Name, E-Mail, Telefonnummer, Adresse, Unterschrift oder Alter) entsprechend seiner eigenen Datenschutzerklärung zu erheben.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdaten.
Stripe bietet einen Verifizierungs- und Betrugspräventionsdienst an, den unsere Geschäftskunden nutzen können, um personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu verifizieren, wie beispielsweise Ihre Autorisierung zur Nutzung einer bestimmten Zahlungsmethode. Während dieses Prozesses werden Sie aufgefordert, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen (beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis und ein Selfie zur biometrischen Verifizierung, von Ihnen eingegebene personenbezogene Daten oder personenbezogene Daten, die aus der physischen Zahlungsmethode hervorgehen, wie das Bild auf der Kreditkarte). Zum Schutz vor Betrug und um festzustellen, ob jemand versucht, Ihre Identität vorzutäuschen, können wir diese Daten mit Informationen über Sie abgleichen, die wir von Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern, verbundenen Unternehmen, Identitätsprüfungsdiensten, öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen und anderen Dienstleistern und Quellen von Drittparteien erheben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben
Um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für unsere Geschäftskunden zu erbringen, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden und geben diese an sie weiter. Soweit zulässig, verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden auch für eigene Zwecke von Stripe, beispielsweise zur Stärkung der Sicherheit, zur Verbesserung und zum Angebot unserer Geschäftsdienstleistungen sowie zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Verlust und anderen Schäden, wie weiter unten beschrieben.
Zahlungsabwicklung und Buchhaltung.
Wir verwenden Ihre Transaktionsdaten, um für Geschäftskunden zahlungsbezogene Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen, darunter die Abwicklung von Online-Zahlungen, die Berechnung der Verkaufssteuer, die Bearbeitung von Rechnungen und Durchführung von Abrechnungen, sowie die Unterstützung bei der Ermittlung von Umsatzzahlen, der Begleichung von Rechnungen und der Erledigung von Buchhaltungsaufgaben.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verwenden, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen und zu verbessern.
Bei Zahlungstransaktionen werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zuge der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktion an verschiedene Stellen weitergegeben. Als Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter, um Transaktionen auf Weisung von Geschäftskunden abzuwickeln. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlungsmethode für Ihre Transaktion wählen, sei es eine Kreditkarte, eine Debitkarte, „Jetzt kaufen, später bezahlen“ oder ein Lastschriftverfahren, kann Ihr Zahlungsmethodenanbieter die Transaktionsdaten Ihrer über Stripe abgewickelten Transaktionen erhalten. Der Geschäftskunde, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten, erhält ebenfalls Transaktionsdaten und kann diese Daten an andere weitergeben. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Geschäftskunden entnehmen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzerklärungen
Finanzdienstleistungen.
Einige Geschäftskunden nutzen unsere Dienste, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen über Stripe oder unsere Finanzpartner anzubieten. Beispielsweise kann ein Geschäftskunde ein Kartenprodukt ausgeben, mit dem Sie Waren und Dienstleistungen kaufen können. Solche Karten könnten die Marke von Stripe, vom Bankpartner und/oder vom Geschäftskunden tragen. Zusätzlich zu den Transaktionsdaten, die wir durch die Verwendung dieser Karten bei Käufen generieren oder empfangen, erheben und verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch, um diese Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verwalten, einschließlich der Unterstützung unserer Geschäftskunden bei der Verhinderung des Missbrauchs der Karten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärungen des Geschäftskunden und, falls zutreffend, die Datenschutzerklärungen unserer mit der Finanzdienstleistung assoziierten Bankpartner (deren Marken möglicherweise auf der Karte angegeben sind), um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Identität, einschließlich der von Ihnen und unseren Dienstleistern bereitgestellten Informationen, um Verifizierungsdienste für Stripe oder für die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zu erbringen, um Betrug verhindern und die Sicherheit zu erhöhen. Falls Sie ein Selfie zusammen mit einem Foto Ihres Ausweisdokuments übermitteln, setzen wir biometrische Technologien zum Abgleich und zur Berechnung der Übereinstimmung ein, um Sie zu verifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste erheben, um Verluste für Sie, uns, unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Unsere Geschäftskunden (und deren autorisierte Drittparteien).
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden an ihre jeweiligen Geschäftskunden und an Parteien weiter, die von diesen Geschäftskunden direkt autorisiert wurden, solche Daten zu erhalten. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Wenn ein Geschäftskunde Stripe anweist, einem anderen Geschäftskunden über Stripe Connect Zugang zu seinem Stripe-Konto, einschließlich der Daten seiner Endkunden, zu gewähren.
Weitergabe von Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, damit wir im Namen eines Geschäftskunden Zahlungen an Sie senden können.
Weitergabe von Informationen, Dokumenten oder Bildern, die von Endkunden zur Verfügung gestellt werden, an Geschäftskunden, wenn letztere Stripe Identity, unseren Identitätsverifizierungsdienst zur Überprüfung der Identität des Endkunden, nutzen.
Die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an andere Dienstleister als Stripe). Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung der Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Werbung durch Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf bei einem Geschäftskunden einleiten, erhält der Geschäftskunde von uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch wenn Sie Ihren Kauf nicht abschließen. Dieser Geschäftskunde kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um seine Produkte oder Dienste zu vermarkten und zu bewerben, und zwar gemäß den Bedingungen seiner Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten, einschließlich Ihrer Rechte, die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken zu unterbinden.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.3 Vertreter/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern von Geschäftskunden (beispielsweise von Unternehmensinhabern), um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Vertreter/innen erheben
Anmeldung und Kontaktinformationen.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Stripe-Konto für einen Geschäftskunden (einschließlich Unternehmensgründung) registrieren, erheben wir Ihren Namen und Ihre Zugangsdaten. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Stripe organisierte Veranstaltung registrieren oder daran teilnehmen oder sich für den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen von Stripe anmelden, erheben wir Ihre Registrierungs- und Profildaten. Über Sie als Vertreter/in können wir unter Umständen personenbezogene Daten von Drittparteien, einschließlich Datenanbietern, erheben, um Ihnen Werbung und Angebote zukommen zu lassen und um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, wie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
beschrieben. Darüber hinaus können wir möglicherweise einen Standort mit Ihnen verknüpfen, um die Dienste oder Informationen effektiv auf Ihre Bedürfnisse zuzuschneiden.
Mehr erfahren
.
Identifizierungsinformationen
Als aktueller oder potenzieller Geschäftskunde, als Inhaber/in eines Geschäftskunden oder als Anteilseigner/in, leitende(r) Angestellte(r) oder Vorstandsmitglied eines Geschäftskunden benötigen wir Ihre Kontaktdaten, beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, um die Anforderungen unserer Finanzpartner und die gesetzlichen Vorschriften zu erfüllen, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren und betrügerische Aktivitäten und Schäden an der Stripe-Plattform zu verhindern. Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie beispielsweise Eigentumsanteile am Geschäftskunden, Geburtsdatum, Ausweispapiere und zugehörige Identifikatoren sowie etwaige Betrugs- oder Missbrauchsfälle direkt von Ihnen und/oder von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste.
Mehr erfahren
. Sie haben auch die Möglichkeit, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Vertreter/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern verwenden und weitergeben
Im Allgemeinen verwenden wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um die Geschäftsdienstleistungen für die entsprechenden Geschäftskunden zu erbringen. Die Art und Weise, wie wir diese Daten verwenden und weitergeben, wird weiter unten beschrieben.
Geschäftsdienstleistungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben sie an Geschäftskunden weiter, um die von Ihnen oder von dem von Ihnen vertretenen Geschäftskunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen.
In bestimmten Fällen müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine staatliche Stelle übermitteln, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung zu erbringen, beispielsweise für die Unternehmensgründung oder die Berechnung und Zahlung der geltenden Verkaufssteuer. Für unsere steuerbezogenen Geschäftsdienstleistungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um im Namen des Geschäftskunden, den Sie vertreten, Steuererklärungen einzureichen. Für unsere Atlas-Geschäftsgründungsdienste können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um in Ihrem Namen Formulare bei der US-Steuerbehörde IRS und Dokumente bei anderen Regierungsbehörden einzureichen, beispielsweise die Gründungsurkunde im Gründungsstaat.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Parteien weiter, die vom jeweiligen Geschäftskunden ausdrücklich autorisiert wurden, beispielsweise an Finanzpartner, die ein Finanzprodukt vertreiben, oder Drittpartei-Apps oder -Dienste, die der Geschäftskunde neben unseren Geschäftsdienstleistungen nutzen möchte. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Anbieter von Zahlungsmethoden wie Visa oder WeChat Pay benötigen Informationen über Geschäftskunden und ihre Vertreter, die ihre Zahlungsmethoden akzeptieren. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel während des Onboarding-Prozesses oder zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen für diese Geschäftskunden benötigt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Ein Geschäftskunde kann Stripe autorisieren, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, um die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen über Stripe Connect zu erleichtern.
Die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten durch eine von einem Geschäftskunden autorisierte Drittpartei unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung der Drittpartei.
Wenn Sie ein Geschäftskunde sind und Ihr Unternehmen einen Namen trägt, der personenbezogene Daten enthält (beispielsweise ein Einzelunternehmen oder einen Familiennamen als Firmennamen), werden wir diese Daten für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste in der gleichen Weise verwenden und weitergeben, wie wir es mit jedem anderen Firmennamen tun. Dies kann bedeuten, dass er auf Quittungen und anderen Transaktionsbeschreibungen erscheint.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um Risiken zu erkennen und zu steuern, wonach unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für betrügerische Aktivitäten genutzt werden könnten, die Stripe, Endnutzer/innen, Endkunden, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und andere schädigen. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir Informationen über Sie, die wir von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und von unseren Diensten erhalten, um solche Risiken zu vermeiden, einschließlich der Ermittlung von Missbrauchsmustern und der Überwachung von Verstößen gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen. Stripe kann personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Geschäftskunden, unsere Finanzpartner und Drittpartei-Dienstleister weitergeben, um die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen zu überprüfen und Risikoindikatoren zu identifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern auch zur Durchführung von Due-Diligence-Prüfungen, einschließlich der Durchführung von Anti-Geldwäsche- und Sanktionsprüfungen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht, und geben sie weiter.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich der Aktivitäten in Ihrem Stripe-Konto, auch dazu verwenden, Ihre Eignung für Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu beurteilen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu bewerben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.4 Besucher/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen. Weitere Einzelheiten darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Besucher/innen erfassen
Wenn Sie auf unseren Websites surfen, erhalten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entweder direkt von Ihnen oder durch die Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
, um mehr zu erfahren. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, ein Formular auf unserer oder auf der Website Dritter auszufüllen, auf denen unsere Werbeanzeigen erscheinen (wie LinkedIn oder Facebook), erheben wir die Informationen, die Sie in das Formular eingeben. Dies kann Ihre Kontaktinformationen und andere Informationen zu Ihren Fragen über unsere Dienstleistungen umfassen. Wir können Ihren Besuch auch mit einem Standort assoziieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir von Besucher/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben
Personalisierung.
Wir verwenden die Daten, die wir mit Hilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien über Sie erheben, um das Nutzer/innen-Engagement bezüglich der Inhalte der Websites zu messen, die Relevanz und Navigation zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und regionsspezifische Inhalte) und auf Sie zugeschnittene Inhalte über Stripe und unsere Dienste zu erstellen. Da zum Beispiel nicht alle unsere Dienste global verfügbar sind, können wir unsere Antworten auf Ihre Region abstimmen.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Engagement
. Bei Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Websites verwenden wir die Daten, die wir über Ihre Geräte erheben, um Ihnen Möglichkeiten für weitere Interaktionen zu bieten, beispielsweise Diskussionen über Dienste oder Interaktionen mit Chatbots, um Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
2. Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Zusätzlich zu den oben beschriebenen Arten verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten folgendermaßen:
a. Erhebung personenbezogener Daten
Online-Aktivität.
Abhängig vom genutzten Dienst und der Art und Weise, wie unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung von den Geschäftskunden implementiert wird, können wir Daten erheben, die sich auf Folgendes beziehen:
Die Geräte und Browser, die Sie auf unseren Websites und für Websites, Apps und sonstige Online-Dienste von Drittparteien („Drittpartei-Websites“) verwenden.
Nutzungsdaten, die mit diesen Geräten und Browsern und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste assoziiert sind, einschließlich Daten wie IP-Adresse, Plug-ins, Spracheinstellungen, auf den Websites und den Websites Dritter verbrachte Zeit, besuchte Seiten, angeklickte Links, verwendete Zahlungsmethoden und die Seiten, die Sie zu unseren Websites und den Websites Dritter geführt haben. Wir sammeln auch Aktivitätsindikatoren, wie zum Beispiel Mausaktivitätsindikatoren, die uns helfen, Betrug aufzudecken.
Mehr erfahren
. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
.
Informationen zu Kommunikation und Nutzung.
Des Weiteren erheben wir Informationen, die Sie uns über verschiedene Kanäle zur Verfügung stellen, beispielsweise über Support Tickets, E-Mails oder Social Media. Wenn Sie auf E-Mails oder Umfragen von Stripe antworten, erheben wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihren Namen und alle anderen Daten, die Sie in Ihrer E-Mail oder Ihren Antworten angeben. Wenn Sie telefonisch mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen, zeichnen wir Ihre Telefonnummer und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie im Laufe des Gesprächs angeben, auf. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung, wie beispielsweise Ihre Anmeldung für, Anwesenheit bei oder Besuch von Stripe-Veranstaltungen und alle weiteren Interaktionen mit Mitarbeitern und Mitarbeiterinnen von Stripe.
Foren und Diskussionsgruppen.
Sofern unsere Websites das Posten von Inhalten gestatten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit ihrem Beitrag bereitstellen.
b. Verwendung personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Verwendung personenbezogener Daten verwenden wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten:
Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen.
Auf unseren Websites verwenden wir Analysewerkzeuge zum Verständnis Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites und Dienste und zur Diagnose technischer Probleme. Weitere Informationen zu Ihrer Kontrolle über die Verwendung von Cookies und Drittpartei-Analysen finden Sie in unserer
Cookie Policy
. Darüber hinaus erfassen und verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten auch über unsere verschiedenen Dienste, unabhängig davon, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin oder Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und um uns dabei zu unterstützen, unsere Dienste für Sie relevanter und sinnvoller zu gestalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Kommunikation.
Wir verwenden Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, was auch den Versand von Codes per SMS zu Ihrer Authentifizierung beinhalten kann.
Mehr erfahren
. Wenn Sie Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, werden wir mit Ihnen mit Hilfe der Kontaktdaten, die uns über Sie vorliegen, kommunizieren, um Ihnen Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen und die unserer Partner zukommen zu lassen, Sie zur Teilnahme an unseren Veranstaltungen, Umfragen oder Nutzer-Research einzuladen oder anderweitig mit Ihnen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht für Marketingzwecke zu kommunizieren, einschließlich jeglicher Zustimmungs- oder Opt-out-Erfordernisse. Wenn Sie uns beispielsweise Ihre Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung stellen oder wenn wir Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten durch Ihre Teilnahme an Messen oder anderen Veranstaltungen erheben, können wir diese Daten verwenden, um mit Ihnen bezüglich einer Veranstaltung in Kontakt zu treten, Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Sie in unsere Marketing-Informationskampagnen einzubeziehen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, können wir unsere Gespräche mit Ihnen aufzeichnen, um unsere Dienste zu erbringen, unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Forschung und Qualitätssicherung zu betreiben und darüber hinaus zu Schulungszwecken.
Social Media und Werbeaktionen
. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten übermitteln, um ein Angebot, ein Programm oder eine Werbeaktion in Anspruch zu nehmen, verwenden wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verwaltung des Angebots, des Programms oder der Werbeaktion. Wir verwenden die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zusammen mit den personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Social-Media-Plattformen zur Verfügung stellen, auch für Marketingzwecke, es sei denn, wir sind dazu nicht berechtigt.
Betrugsprävention und Sicherheit.
Wir erheben und verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um betrügerische oder schädigende Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten zu erkennen und zu steuern, unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugserkennung bereitzustellen und um unsere Dienste und Transaktionen vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Manipulation oder Veruntreuung von personenbezogenen Daten, Informationen und Geldern zu schützen. Wir erheben Daten von Dritten (beispielsweise Kreditauskunfteien) und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste im Rahmen der Betrugsprävention, Betrugserkennung, Sicherheitsüberwachung und Compliance-Maßnahmen für Stripe und seine Geschäftskunden. In bestimmten Fällen können wir auch Daten über Sie direkt von Ihnen oder von unseren Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern und anderen Dritten zu denselben Zwecken erheben. Darüber hinaus können wir zum Schutz unserer Dienste Informationen wie IP-Adressen und andere identifizierende Daten über potenzielle Sicherheitsbedrohungen von Drittparteien beziehen.
Mehr erfahren
. Derartige Informationen helfen uns bei Identitätsverifizierungen und Bonitätsprüfungen, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist, sowie bei der Betrugsprävention. Darüber hinaus können wir Technologien einsetzen, um das potenzielle Betrugsrisiko bei Personen zu bewerten, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen wollen, oder das Risiko, das sich aus versuchten Transaktionen von Endkundinnen/Endkunden oder Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern mit unseren Geschäftskunden oder Finanzpartnern ergibt.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zur Geldwäschebekämpfung, zur KYC-Gesetzgebung (Know-Your-Customer), zur Terrorismusbekämpfung, zum Schutz gefährdeter Kunden, zur Exportkontrolle und zum Verbot von Geschäften mit eingeschränkten Personen oder in bestimmten Geschäftsbereichen sowie andere gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zum Beispiel können wir Transaktionsmuster und andere Online-Signale analysieren und diese Erkenntnisse nutzen, um Betrug, Geldwäsche und andere unlautere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die Stripe, unsere Finanzpartner, Endnutzer/innen, unsere Geschäftskunden und andere betreffen könnten.
Mehr erfahren
. Sicherheit und Rechtskonformität unserer Dienste haben für uns oberste Priorität. Die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten ist für diese Zwecke unerlässlich.
Minderjährige.
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Deshalb bitten wir diese, keine personenbezogenen Daten an uns zu übermitteln, um Dienste direkt von Stripe zu beziehen. In bestimmten Ländern können wir nach geltendem Recht auch höhere Altersgrenzen festlegen.
c. Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten geben wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten weiter:
Mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen für die in dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke weiter.
Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter.
Um unsere Dienste bereitstellen, bekannt machen, vermarkten und bewerben zu können, arbeiten wir mit Dienstleistern zusammen. Diese Dienstleister erbringen wichtige Leistungen – von der Bereitstellung der Cloud-Infrastruktur über die analytische Auswertung von Geschwindigkeit, Genauigkeit und/oder Sicherheit unserer Dienste und die Identitätsverifizierung bis hin zu Kundenservice und Audit-Funktionen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist die Verwendung oder Offenlegung der von uns bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten gestattet, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen und die einschlägigen rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zudem werden diese Dienstleister von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten. Die Mehrheit der Dienstleister, deren Dienste wir in Anspruch nehmen, befindet sich in der EU, den Vereinigten Staaten und in Indien.
Mehr erfahren
.
Finanzpartner.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an bestimmte Finanzpartner weiter, um Geschäftskunden, die solche Dienste in Anspruch nehmen möchten, Dienste anbieten zu können, und um bestimmte Dienste in Verbindung mit diesen Finanzpartnern anzubieten. So geben wir beispielsweise bestimmte personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen, wie Kreditrückzahlungsdaten und Kontaktinformationen, an institutionelle Anleger weiter, die Kredite kaufen oder anbieten, die durch die von uns gewährten Kapitaldarlehen an die Geschäftskunden, mit denen sie assoziiert sind, gesichert sind.
Andere mit Einwilligung.
In manchen Fällen bieten wir eine Dienstleistung nicht an, sondern verweisen Sie stattdessen an andere (wie beispielsweise professionelle Dienstleistungsunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um den Atlas-Dienst zu realisieren). In diesen Fällen werden wir die Identität der Drittpartei und die Informationen, die an diese weitergegeben werden sollen, offenlegen und Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, diese Informationen weiterzugeben.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Im Rahmen einer vollständigen oder teilweisen tatsächlichen oder beabsichtigten Umstrukturierung unseres Unternehmens durch Sanierung, Fusion, Verkauf, Joint-Venture, Abtretung, Übertragung oder Führungswechsel oder im Fall einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Veräußerung unseres Unternehmens, unserer Vermögenswerte oder Aktienbestände können wir personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergeben. Wird Stripe ganz oder teilweise von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben, ist dieses Unternehmen dazu berechtigt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin zu verwenden. Dies darf jedoch nur in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung geschehen.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften und Schadensabwehr.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten weiter, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, um die von den Finanzpartnern im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung ihrer Zahlungsmethode auferlegten Regeln einzuhalten, um unsere vertraglichen Rechte durchzusetzen, um die Dienste, Rechte, den Datenschutz, die Sicherheit und das Eigentum von Stripe, Ihnen und anderen zu sichern und zu schützen, einschließlich gegen unlautere oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, und um auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Gerichten, Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Aufsichtsbehörden und anderen öffentlichen und staatlichen Stellen zu reagieren, zu denen auch Stellen außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes gehören können.
3. Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Für die Zwecke der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer geltender Datenschutzgesetze stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine Reihe von Rechtsgrundlagen.
Mehr erfahren
. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlagen gelten, die im Abschnitt
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
weiter unten erläutert werden.
a. Vertragliche und vorvertragliche Geschäftsbeziehungen.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um Geschäftsbeziehungen mit potenziellen Geschäftskunden und Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern einzugehen und unsere jeweiligen vertraglichen Verpflichtungen mit ihnen zu erfüllen. Zu diesen Verarbeitungstätigkeiten zählen:
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe-Konten und Anmeldedaten für Stripe-Konten, einschließlich der Prüfung von Anfragen zur erstmaligen oder erweiterten Nutzung der von uns erbrachten Dienste;
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe Checkout-Konten;
Aktivitäten im Rahmen von Buchhaltung, Auditing und Abrechnung; sowie
Zahlungsabwicklung und damit zusammenhängende Aktivitäten wie Betrugserkennung, Verlustprävention, Transaktionsoptimierung, Mitteilungen über solche Zahlungen und damit zusammenhängende Kundendienstaktivitäten.
b. Rechtskonformität.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um die Identität von natürlichen und juristischen Personen zu verifizieren, um Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsüberwachung, -prävention und -erkennung, Gesetzen im Zusammenhang mit der Identifizierung und Meldung illegaler und rechtswidriger Aktivitäten, beispielsweise im Rahmen der Vorschriften zur Geldwäschebekämpfung (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) und zur Kundenidentifizierung (KYC – Know-Your-Customer), sowie Finanzberichterstattungspflichten nachzukommen. So kann es beispielsweise erforderlich sein, die Identität eines Geschäftskunden zu erfassen und zu überprüfen, um Vorschriften zur Verhinderung von Geldwäsche, Betrug und Finanzkriminalität einzuhalten. Diese Rechtsvorschriften können uns dazu verpflichten, Rechenschaft gegenüber Dritten abzulegen und uns Prüfungen durch Dritte zu unterziehen.
c. Berechtigte Interessen.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unsere berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen. Die folgende Liste enthält Beispiele für Geschäftszwecke, für die wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten haben:
Erkennung, Verfolgung und Verhinderung von betrügerischen Handlungen und nicht autorisierten Zahlungsvorgängen;
Minimierung finanzieller Verluste, Ansprüche, Verbindlichkeiten oder anderer Schäden für Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Endnutzer/innen, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und Stripe;
Feststellung der Eignung für neue Stripe-Dienstleistungen sowie deren Angebot (
Mehr erfahren
);
Beantwortung von Anfragen, Zustellung von Servicemeldungen und Erbringung von Kundensupport;
Vermarktung, Analyse, Änderung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, Systeme und Tools sowie die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Verbesserung der Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste;
Verwaltung, Betrieb und Verbesserung der Leistung unserer Websites und Dienste mithilfe von Informationen über ihre Effektivität und die Optimierung unserer digitalen Ressourcen;
Analyse und Werbung für unsere Dienste und damit verbundene Verbesserungen;
Gesamtanalysen und Entwicklung von Business-Intelligence-Lösungen, die uns dabei unterstützen, unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten auszuführen und zu schützen, fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen und über die Leistung unseres Unternehmens zu berichten;
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an die Drittpartei-Dienstleister, die in unserem Namen Dienste anbieten, und an Geschäftspartner, die uns bei der Ausübung und Optimierung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit unterstützen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Gewährleistung der Netzwerk- und Informationssicherheit bei Stripe und den von Stripe erbrachten Diensten; sowie
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
d. Einwilligung.
Bei der Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste wie Link, Financial Connections, Atlas und Identity können wir uns auf Ihre Einwilligung bzw. ausdrückliche Einwilligung stützen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung hat, die auf der Grundlage der Einwilligung vor deren Widerruf erfolgt ist.
e. Erhebliches öffentliches Interesse.
Wir können besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten im Sinne der DSGVO verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses und im Einklang mit geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, beispielsweise wenn wir Überprüfungen politisch exponierter Personen vornehmen. Ferner können wir auch personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit strafrechtlichen Verurteilungen und Straftaten verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung durch geltendes Recht autorisiert ist, beispielsweise wenn wir ein Sanktionsscreening durchführen, um den AML- und KYC-Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
4. Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Je nach Standort und geltendem Recht haben Sie im Hinblick auf unsere Erhebung, Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestimmte Wahlmöglichkeiten:
a. Abmeldung von der elektronischen Kommunikation mit uns.
Wenn Sie keine marketingbezogenen E-Mails mehr von uns erhalten möchten, können Sie sich abmelden, indem Sie auf den in diesen E-Mails enthaltenen Abmeldelink klicken oder wie
hier
beschrieben. Wir werden versuchen, Ihre Anfrage schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns das Recht vorbehalten, mit Ihnen über die von Ihnen in Anspruch genommenen Dienste zu kommunizieren (beispielsweise über Support und wichtige rechtliche Hinweise), auch wenn Sie sich gegen den Erhalt marketingbezogener E-Mails von uns entscheiden. Trotzdem können Geschäftskunden Ihnen Nachrichten schicken oder uns anweisen, Ihnen in ihrem Namen Nachrichten zu schicken.
b. Ihre Datenschutzrechte.
Je nach Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie unter Umständen folgende Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben:
Das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob Stripe personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die mit Ihnen assoziiert sind, und wenn ja, Zugang zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe zur Berichtigung und Aktualisierung von falschen, unvollständigen oder veralteten personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, unter bestimmten, gesetzlich festgelegten Umständen von Stripe die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe unter bestimmten Umständen (beispielsweise während der Bearbeitung eines anderen von Ihnen eingebrachten Antrags wie etwa eines Antrags auf Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) zur Einschränkung der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir vorhalten, an ein anderes Unternehmen exportieren, sofern dies technisch möglich ist;
Das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Einwilligung erfolgt;
Das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen, wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen verarbeiten; sofern keine zwingenden berechtigten Gründe vorliegen oder die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, werden wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Erhalt Ihres Widerspruchs einstellen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, wegen der Ausübung dieser Rechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden; und
Das Recht darauf, gegen jede diese Rechte betreffende Entscheidung von Stripe Widerspruch einzulegen, indem Sie sich an die Datenschutzbeauftragten von Stripe („DSB“) unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden.
Je nach geltendem Recht haben Sie möglicherweise weitergehende Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten. Beispiele finden Sie im Abschnitt „Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen“ unter „Vereinigte Staaten“ weiter unten.
c. Verfahren zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte
Besuchen Sie zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte unser
Datenschutzcenter
oder kontaktieren Sie uns wie unten beschrieben.
5. Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Wir treffen geeignete Vorkehrungen, um ein Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten, das dem Risiko bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angemessen ist. Dazu setzen wir organisatorische, technische und administrative Maßnahmen ein, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die unter diese Erklärung fallen, vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Leider ist kein Datenübertragungs- oder Speichersystem absolut sicher.
Wir empfehlen, uns beim Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu unterstützen. Wenn Sie ein Stripe-Konto besitzen, können Sie dies durch die Verwendung eines sicheren Passworts, den Schutz Ihres Passworts vor unbefugter Nutzung und die Vermeidung der mehrfachen Verwendung der Anmeldedaten für Ihr Stripe-Konto auch bei anderen Diensten oder Konten tun. Wenn Sie den Verdacht haben, dass Ihre Interaktionen mit uns nicht mehr sicher sind (z. B. wenn Sie glauben, dass die Sicherheit Ihres Stripe-Kontos nicht mehr gewährleistet ist),
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte umgehend.
Wir halten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange vor, wie wir Ihnen oder unseren Geschäftskunden die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, oder für einen Zeitraum, bei dem wir vernünftigerweise davon ausgehen, dass wir die Dienste weiterhin anbieten. Auch nachdem wir die Bereitstellung von Diensten für Sie oder einen Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, eingestellt haben, und auch nachdem Sie Ihr Stripe-Konto geschlossen oder eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden abgeschlossen haben, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, um:
unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen,
Aktivitäten zur Betrugsüberwachung, -aufdeckung und Verlustprävention zu ermöglichen, und
zur Erfüllung unserer steuerlichen, buchhalterischen und finanzwirtschaftlichen Berichtspflichten, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen eine solche Aufbewahrung durch unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen mit unseren Finanzpartnern vorgeschrieben ist (und in denen die Aufbewahrung von Daten durch die von Ihnen verwendeten Zahlungsmethoden vorgeschrieben ist).
In den Fällen, in denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, tun wir dies in Übereinstimmung mit allen Verjährungsfristen und Aufzeichnungspflichten, die uns durch geltendes Recht auferlegt werden.
Mehr erfahren
.
6. Internationale Datenübermittlung
Für uns als globales Unternehmen ist es manchmal notwendig, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder als Ihr eigenes zu übermitteln, einschließlich der Vereinigten Staaten. In diesen Ländern gelten unter Umständen andere Datenschutzbestimmungen als in Ihrem Land. Bei der grenzüberschreitenden Übermittlung von Daten ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Einhaltung geltender Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf eine solche Übermittlung. In bestimmten Situationen kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten auf rechtmäßige Anfrage von Behörden (beispielsweise Strafverfolgungs- oder Sicherheitsbehörden) hin offenlegen müssen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“), im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) oder in der Schweiz ansässig sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
. Wenn das geltende Recht einen Datenübertragungsmechanismus verlangt, verwenden wir einen oder mehrere der folgenden Mechanismen:
Übermittlungen in bestimmte Länder oder an Empfänger, die nach geltendem Recht anerkanntermaßen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau für personenbezogene Daten bieten.
Die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten EU-Standardvertragsklauseln und das vom UK Information Commissioner's Office herausgegebene Zusatzprotokoll zum internationalen Datentransfer. Sie können ein Exemplar der einschlägigen Standardvertragsklauseln erhalten. Weitere Informationen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Weitere rechtmäßige Methoden, die uns nach geltendem Recht zur Verfügung stehen.
Stripe, Inc. hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework („EU-U.S. DPF“), die UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF und das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt und soweit anwendbar.
Mehr erfahren
.
7. Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, um neue Dienste, Änderungen unserer Datenschutzpraktiken oder der relevanten Gesetze widerzuspiegeln. Die Legende „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Richtlinie zeigt an, wann diese Richtlinie zuletzt überarbeitet wurde. Alle Änderungen treten in Kraft, sobald wir die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu den Diensten veröffentlicht oder auf andere Weise über die Aktualisierung informiert haben, wie dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, je nachdem, welcher der Zeitpunkt später ist.
Wir können Ihnen Offenlegungen und Warnungen bezüglich der Richtlinie oder erhobener personenbezogener Daten durch Veröffentlichung auf unserer Website und, wenn Sie ein Endnutzer oder Vertreter sind, durch Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Ihr Stripe Dashboard, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder die in Ihrem Stripe-Konto angegebene physische Adresse zukommen lassen.
8. Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Australien.
Sollten Sie in Australien ansässig sein und mit unserer Bearbeitung von Beschwerden, die Sie im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorbringen, unzufrieden sein, können Sie sich an das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner wenden.
Brasilien.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. In Brasilien ansässige Personen, für die das Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais („LGPD“) gilt, haben die in Artikel 18 des LGPD festgelegten Rechte.
Kanada.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), den Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 in British Columbia, den Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5 in Alberta und den Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Data in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (Quebec Private Sector Act) in Quebec. „Personenbezogene Daten“ umfasst „persönliche Informationen“ gemäß der Definition in diesen Gesetzen.
Quebec.
Der Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe ist für personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des Quebec Private Sector Act verantwortlich. Sie können per E-Mail unter privacy@stripe.com mit ihm Kontakt aufnehmen. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von in Quebec ansässigen Personen erheben, können wir diese Daten an Datenzentren in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen. Dienstleister, die wir zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einsetzen, können auch außerhalb von Quebec ansässig sein.
Sie haben das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie speichern, sowie ihre Berichtigung zu verlangen oder Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Sie können diese Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich unter privacy@stripe.com an den Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe wenden. Wenn Sie ein Endkunde sind, sollten Sie sich zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte an den Geschäftskunden wenden, mit dem Sie Geschäfte getätigt haben.
EWR und Vereinigtes Königreich.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Wenn Sie im EWR ansässig sind oder wenn Stripe Payments Europe Limited als Ihr Datenverantwortlicher identifiziert wird und Sie glauben, dass unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) widerspricht, können Sie Ihre Fragen oder Beschwerden an die irische Datenschutzkommission richten. Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, richten Sie Ihre Fragen oder Bedenken an das UK Information Commissioner's Office. Wenn personenbezogene Daten für regulierte Finanzaktivitäten in Europa verwendet werden, gelten Stripe Payments Europe Limited und die lokalen regulierten Unternehmen von Stripe als gemeinsam Verantwortliche.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem haben Sie zusätzliche Rechte gemäß EU-U.S. DPF und UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Mehr erfahren
.
Indien.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), sobald dieser in Kraft getreten ist. Darüber hinaus schließt der Begriff „Datenverantwortlicher“ auch „Datentreuhänder“ und der Begriff „betroffene Person“ auch „Auftraggeber“ ein, jeweils gemäß der Definition im DPDPA.
In einigen Fällen können wir uns auf die „berechtigte Verwendung“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, sofern dies nach DPDPA zulässig ist. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. „Consent Manager“ im Sinne des DPDPA können einen Antrag auf Widerruf oder Erteilung der Einwilligung stellen, indem sie die im folgenden Abschnitt „Kontakt“ beschriebenen Methoden verwenden, oder wie im folgenden Absatz beschrieben, oder über andere Mittel, die Stripe in Zukunft zur Verfügung stellt. Bevor wir eine solche Anfrage bearbeiten, können wir einen Autorisierungs- und Identitätsnachweis verlangen.
In bestimmten Fällen können Sie aufgefordert werden, der Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Aadhaar-Nummer durch Stripe India Private Limited und/oder seine(n) Verifizierungspartner zuzustimmen. Der Zweck dieser Erhebung besteht darin, das nach geltendem Recht vorgeschriebene Identifikationsverifizierungsverfahren zu erleichtern. Die Angabe Ihrer Aadhaar-Daten ist freiwillig. Sie können auch andere Identifikationsdokumente bereitstellen, sofern diese von uns akzeptiert werden. Ihnen wird kein Dienst verweigert werden, wenn Sie keine Aadhaar-Angaben machen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Indien haben oder wenn Sie diese Erklärung erhalten oder mit uns über den Datenschutz in einer der indischen Amtssprachen kommunizieren möchten,
wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Mehr erfahren
. Alternativ können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Falls wir nicht in der Lage sind, auf Ihre Beschwerde oder Ihr Anliegen einzugehen, haben Sie das Recht, die Angelegenheit zum Data Protection Board of India weiterzuleiten.
Indonesien.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Gesetz Nr. 11 aus dem Jahr 2008, geändert durch das Gesetz Nr. 19 aus dem Jahr 2016 über elektronische Informationen und Transaktionen, die Regierungsverordnung Nr. 71 aus dem Jahr 2019 über die Einführung elektronischer Systeme und Transaktionen sowie die Verordnung des Ministers für Kommunikation und Informatik Nr. 20 aus dem Jahr 2016 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten in elektronischen Systemen und ab September 2024 das Gesetz Nr. 27 aus dem Jahr 2022 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten (PDP-Gesetz). Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Japan.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten betroffener Personen in Japan in Länder übermitteln, die von der Kommission für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten nicht als „angemessen“ anerkannt sind, schließen wir schriftliche Verträge mit Drittparteien ab, die sich außerhalb Japans befinden. Diese schriftlichen Verträge sehen Rechte und Pflichten vor, die denen des japanischen Act on the Protection of Personal Information entsprechen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir sicherstellen, dass Drittparteien Ihre Daten schützen und wo sich Ihre Daten befinden, erhalten Sie oben oder von uns wie unten beschrieben. Eine Beschreibung ausländischer Systeme und Rahmenwerke, welche die Implementierung gleichwertiger Maßnahmen durch die Drittpartei beeinflussen können, finden Sie
hier
.
In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem APPI zulässig, können wir uns auf das „öffentliche Interesse“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, wie beispielsweise bei der Aufdeckung von Betrug und der Verhinderung von Verlusten.
Malaysia.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Singapur.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) (Nr. 26 von 2012) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem PDPA zulässig, können wir uns auf eine „mutmaßliche Einwilligung“ als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Schweiz.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Bundesgesetz über den Datenschutz (DSG) in seiner revidierten Fassung. Zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem DSG wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten. Möglicherweise haben Sie auch zusätzliche Rechte im Rahmen des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, sobald dieses in Kraft tritt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Thailand.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „anwendbares Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA). Sind wir auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen angewiesen (beispielsweise „gesetzliche Verpflichtung“ oder „vertragliche Notwendigkeit“) und stellen Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, können wir Ihnen möglicherweise unsere Dienste nicht rechtmäßig anbieten. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Vereinigte Staaten.
Wenn Sie ein/e in den Vereinigten Staaten („USA“) ansässige/r Verbraucher/in sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den US-amerikanischen Datenschutzgesetzen, einschließlich des California Consumer Privacy Act („CCPA“), Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, Florida Digital Bill of Rights, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act sowie des Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie
hier
. Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Stripe, einschließlich Werbe-Cookies, ist in unserer
Cookie Policy
beschrieben.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Als Verbraucher in den Vereinigten Staaten haben Sie – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Einschränkungen durch die Datenschutzgesetze der Vereinigten Staaten – gegebenenfalls Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns (
Weitere Informationen
über die Metriken für die Rechte betroffener Personen). Zusätzlich zu den
oben genannten Rechten
:
Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts: Sie haben das Recht, zusätzliche Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten anzufordern, die erhoben, verkauft, offengelegt oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Zwecke, für die diese personenbezogenen Daten erhoben, verkauft oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Kategorien der Quellen personenbezogener Daten; und über die Kategorien von Drittparteien, denen gegenüber wir diese personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt oder an sie weitergegeben haben.
Ausübung des Rechts, den Verkauf oder die Weitergabe abzulehnen: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten, wie oben angemerkt, an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. Da diese Drittparteien die von Stripe gelieferten Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden können, könnte die Lieferung von Daten durch Stripe an diese Parteien als „Verkauf“ oder „Weitergabe“ von Daten im Sinne des CCPA und anderer geltender US-Datenschutzgesetze betrachtet werden. Sie können sich
hier
gegen gezielte Werbung und den damit verbundenen „Verkauf“ bzw. die „Weitergabe“ von Daten entscheiden.
Ausübung des Rechts, die Nutzung oder Weitergabe sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken: Wir verkaufen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne der US-Datenschutzgesetze und haben dies auch in den letzten 12 Monaten nicht getan. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Erhebung und Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten in den letzten 12 Monaten finden Sie
hier
.
Um einen Antrag zur Ausübung eines der oben beschriebenen Rechte zu stellen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte anhand der im Abschnitt „Kontakt“ unten beschriebenen Methoden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Rechte nach einigen Gesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten nicht für personenbezogene Daten gelten, die wir erheben, verarbeiten und weitergeben, wenn Sie als Verbraucher/in handeln, um Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen von Stripe für private Zwecke zu beziehen. Der bundesweite Gramm-Leach Bliley Act kann regeln, wie Stripe diese Daten stattdessen weitergibt und schützt. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung für US-Verbraucher/innen
.
Wir werden Ihre Anfrage verifizieren, indem wir Sie bitten, sie von der in Ihrem Konto hinterlegten E-Mail-Adresse aus zu senden, oder indem wir Informationen von Ihnen verlangen, die zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität erforderlich sind, einschließlich Name, Adresse, Transaktionshistorie, Lichtbildausweis und sonstige mit Ihrem Konto verbundene Informationen.
Sie können schriftlich oder durch eine Vollmacht eine bevollmächtigte Vertreterin/einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, die/der in Ihrem Namen Anfragen einreicht, um Ihre Rechte gemäß dem CCPA auszuüben. Ihre Vertreterin/Ihr Vertreter kann eine Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einreichen, indem er/sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschriebenen Wege in Verbindung setzt. Wir können Sie trotzdem auffordern, Ihre Identität direkt zu verifizieren und zu bestätigen, dass Sie der bevollmächtigten Vertreterin/dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Berechtigung erteilt haben, Ihre Anfrage zu übermitteln.
Global-Privacy-Control-Signale.
Stripe beachtet die Signale der Global Privacy Control (GPC) zur Opt-out-Einstellung.
Mehr erfahren
9. Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben,
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte. Wenn Sie eine Endkundin oder ein Endkunde sind (d. h. eine Einzelperson, die mit einem Geschäftskunden geschäftlich zu tun hat oder Transaktionen tätigt), lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärungen oder -hinweise des Geschäftskunden, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren, oder wenden Sie sich direkt an den Geschäftskunden.
10. Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise für Verbraucher/innen gelten für Sie, wenn Sie eine natürliche Person mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten sind und Finanzdienstleistungen von Stripe in erster Linie für Ihre eigenen privaten Zwecke in Familie und Haushalt nutzen.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 16. Januar 2024
FAKTEN
WAS MACHT STRIPE MIT IHREN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Warum?
Finanzunternehmen entscheiden, wie sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben.  Bundesgesetze berechtigen Verbraucher/innen, einige, aber nicht alle Formen der Weitergabe einzuschränken.  Darüber hinaus sind wir durch Bundesgesetze dazu verpflichtet, Sie darüber zu informieren, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, weitergeben und schützen.  Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweise sorgfältig durch, um sich über unsere Tätigkeit zu informieren.
Was?
Die Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben und weitergeben, hängen vom Produkt oder Dienst ab, den Sie bei uns in Anspruch nehmen. Diese Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Sozialversicherungsnummer
Kontaktangaben
Kontostand und Transaktionsverlauf
Details und Verlauf von Zahlungen, Transaktionen und Käufen
Wenn Sie
nicht länger
unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, geben wir Ihre Daten weiterhin wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben weiter.
Wie?
Alle Finanzunternehmen müssen zur Abwicklung ihrer Geschäfte personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben. Im folgenden Abschnitt führen wir die Gründe auf, aus denen Finanzunternehmen personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben können, die Gründe, aus denen Stripe sich für eine Weitergabe entscheidet, und ob Sie diese Weitergabe einschränken können.
Gründe, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben können
Weitergabe durch Stripe?
Können Sie die Weitergabe einschränken?
Für unsere laufenden Geschäftszwecke, z. B. um Ihre Transaktionen zu bearbeiten, Ihre Konten zu führen, auf gerichtliche Anordnungen und Ermittlungen zu reagieren oder um an Kreditauskunfteien zu berichten
Ja
Nein
Für unsere Marketingzwecke: um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten
Ja
Nein
Für die gemeinsame Vermarktung mit weiteren Unternehmen der Finanzbranche
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen und Erfahrungen
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Bonität
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für unsere verbundenen Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Link-Nutzer/in sind
Ja
Ja
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Nutzer/in von Financial Connections sind
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Zur Einschränkung unserer Weitergabe
Besuchen Sie uns online unter
https://support.link.com
Bitte beachten Sie:
Wenn Sie eine Neukundin/ein Neukunde sind, dürfen wir mit der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten 30 Tage nach dem Versand dieser Hinweise beginnen. Wenn Sie nicht länger unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, setzen wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben fort.
Sie können sich jedoch jederzeit an uns wenden, um unsere Weitergabe einzuschränken.
Fragen?
Sie können uns jederzeit unter
privacy@stripe.com
kontaktieren oder auf
https://support.link.com
besuchen
Wer wir sind
Wer gibt diese Hinweise?
Stripe, Inc. und Stripe Payments Company sowie deren verbundene Unternehmen, die in den USA Zahlungen für Verbraucher/innen anbieten.
Was wir tun
Wie schützt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen, setzen wir im Einklang mit dem US-Bundesrecht entsprechende Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein.  Zu diesen Maßnahmen zählen Computerschutzmaßnahmen sowie gesicherte Unterlagen und Gebäude.  Wir kontrollieren den Zugang und führen eine ständige Überwachung durch, um Datenmissbrauch zu verhindern. Von unseren Dienstleistern verlangen wir, dass sie vergleichbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten ergreifen.
Wie erhebt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zum Beispiel, wenn Sie
ein Link-Konto eröffnen;
Stripe mit der Abwicklung einer Zahlung für Waren oder Dienstleistungen beauftragen;
Stripe über Financial Connections Bankkontodaten zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch von anderen, beispielsweise von verbundenen oder anderen Unternehmen.
Warum kann ich nicht die gesamte Weitergabe einschränken?
Das Bundesrecht erlaubt Ihnen nur,
die Weitergabe von Bonitätsangaben für die laufenden Geschäfte der verbundenen Unternehmen zu beschränken,
die Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch verbundene Unternehmen zu beschränken, die an Sie vermarkten,
die Weitergabe an nicht verbundene Unternehmen einzuschränken, die an Sie vermarkten.
Bundesstaatliche Gesetze und einzelne Unternehmen können Ihnen zusätzliche Rechte zur Einschränkung der Weitergabe einräumen. Im nachfolgenden Abschnitt „Weitere wichtige Informationen“ finden Sie weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten nach bundesstaatlichem Recht.
Was geschieht, wenn ich die Weitergabe für ein Konto einschränke, das ich gemeinsam mit einer anderen Person unterhalte?
Die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten für alle Kontoinhaber/innen.
Definitionen
Verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind. Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zählen solche, die unter dem Namen Stripe agieren, wie Stripe Payments Europe, Limited und Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Nicht verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die nicht durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind.  Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu den nicht verbundenen Unternehmen, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, gehören Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste oder Funktionen erbringen, Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie Transaktionen durchführen, Partner, mit denen wir Daten austauschen, um Ihnen Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Gemeinsames Marketing
Eine förmliche Vereinbarung zwischen nicht verbundenen Finanzunternehmen, die gemeinsam Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen an Sie vermarkten.
Zu unseren Partnern für gemeinsames Marketing gehören Unternehmen aus der Finanzbranche, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen anzubieten.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Vermont: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Vermont verknüpft ist, werden wir keine Informationen über Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihre Kreditauskunft oder Ihre Gesundheitsinformationen nicht an nicht verbundene Dritte weitergeben, um an Sie zu vermarkten – es sei denn, dies ist nach dem Gesetz von Vermont zulässig, oder Sie ermächtigen uns, diese Offenlegungen vorzunehmen.  Für gemeinsames Marketing geben wir nur Ihren Namen, Ihre Kontaktinformationen und Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen weiter.  Weitere Informationen zu unseren Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung
und
Datenschutzcenter
.
Kalifornien: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Kalifornien verknüpft ist, geben wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, nur in dem Umfang weiter, der nach kalifornischem Recht zulässig ist.  Beispielsweise können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenlegen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder von Ihnen angeforderte Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Ihre Anfrage hin bereitzustellen, wenn dies zur Risikokontrolle des Finanzinstituts erforderlich ist, und um uns gegen Betrug, Identitätsdiebstahl und nicht autorisierte Transaktionen zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken finden Sie im
Stripe-Datenschutzcenter
.
Sub-policy 13
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/?section_id=0-WhatIsThePrivacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 14
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 15
https://www.personio.com/privacy-policy/:
1
Personio’s Privacy Notice
2
Data Protection Officer
3
Data Subject Rights
4
Legal hub
Personio’s Privacy Notice
1.
Your data is in good hands with us... - this is why
2.
We store and process your personal data
3.
Trusted third parties who process your data
4.
International Data Transfers
5.
How we use cookies
6.
Be informed about your privacy rights
Your data is in good hands with us... - this is why
Here you can find out how we handle personal data. The explanations are intended for everyone who visits our website, contacts us or participates in our various offers of events whether in person or online. This privacy policy does not apply to our recruiting activities or the processing of personal data in Personio by our subscribers.
Data protection law, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is valid in the EU, is a daily instrument for us. As specialists in human resources, the protection of personal data is a key requirement for us.
We are:
Personio SE & Co. KG
Seidlstrasse 3
80335 Munich
Phone number: +49 (89) 1250 1005
And we are responsible for this website, its content and any processing of personal data that happens on it.
You can reach our data protection team at our postal address and by email at
privacy@personio.com
.
Our data protection principles:
We disclose our cards (transparent data processing)
We only process the data that we need for our work and our business (minimized data processing)
We only process data if we have a purpose and a legal basis for doing so (purpose-related and legitimate)
We secure our systems against intrusion and cyber-crime (secure and with integrity)
We work with reliable service providers (responsible)
We process data only as long as necessary (limited in time)
We do not process sensitive data like racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs and the like.
We do not process any data from children as the use of our website and our offers is not intended for people under the age of 16.
We do not profile you or make decisions based on automated processes such as artificial intelligence.
Your provision of personal data is neither legally nor contractually required. Without your data, however, we cannot provide you with any information or offer you any services, or conclude a contract.
We store and process your personal data:
1.
You visit our websites
2.
You use our contact form, call us or send us an email
3.
We provide you with knowledge and information
4.
You are interested in Personio’s services
5.
You join the Personio Community
6.
You exercise your data subject rights
When contacting us or visiting our website whether because you are curious about us and what we do or because you are looking for something specific or perhaps because you are browsing the internet and our paths crossed, so it happens that we collect and process some of your data. And because of this, please let us tell you what we do, how we do it and why we do it.
This happens when:
You visit our websites
When you visit our websites, we process data about your browser, your operating system, location, IP address and a few others to ensure the functionality of the website, the safety of the connection and an excellent surfing experience. We also process data for marketing partly with the support of service providers. For this processing we specifically ask for your consent.
What data
: IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types, geolocation, operating system and version, clicking behavior, recurring visits, transaction data, use of third-party services
Purposes:
Statistic, optimization, security, marketing
Legal basis:
Legitimate interests, consent
Retention:
session and up to 30 days (for detailed information please check our cookie information)
You use our contact form, call us or send us an email
We always welcome you to contact us, whether by web form, email or by phone call. In doing so, we process some of the data that belongs to you such as your name, surname, email address to meet your request and stay in touch. We will only share your data with third parties if this is necessary to process your request.
What data:
Name and surname, company information, telephone number, email address, your request
Purposes:
You getting in contact with us, answering questions, getting feedback
Legal basis
: Contract
Retention:
Until the purpose is fulfilled
We provide you with knowledge and information
When we provide you with free information and knowledge content, whether online or through our events, or when you participate in our raffles events or webinars, we request your consent to use your data for marketing purposes in return. When you subscribe to our newsletter, we only do so upon your explicit consent. You can revoke your consent at any point of time for the future.
What data:
Name and surname, company information, telephone number, email address
Purposes:
Explaining Personio, relationship maintenance, marketing
Legal basis:
Contract for providing free content, consent for marketing
Retention:
2 years or until consent is revoked
You are interested in Personio’s services
If you are interested in our products and services in more detail, we offer you an expert appointment or a web demo. You can also test Personio for free. For this purposes, we will of course process your contact data (e.g. email address, name, surname etc). If you then order and use Personio, i.e. become our customer, we transfer the data to our customer base.
What data:
Name and surname, company information, telephone number, email address, calendar items, bank account details for customers only
Purposes
: Explaining Personio, marketing, customer relationship
Legal basis:
Pre-contract negotiations and contract
Retention:
2 years for interested parties, duration of customer relationship plus legal storage period for customers
You join the Personio Community
The Personio Community offers information and the possibility to interact with other members. You create an account and can actively participate in the forum. For this purpose, we process your name, surname, email address and a few others. Of course, you are not obliged to register for the community, but then you would not be able to use all the available features.
What data:
Name and surname, address, telephone numbers or email addresses, posts, comments, likes
Purposes:
Providing you information, support and the possibility for networking
Legal basis:
Contract
Retention:
Until you unsubscribe from the service, you deleting your posts
You exercise your data subject rights
The privacy law gives you a number of data protection rights. We present these briefly further below. You can find more details in Art. 13 - 22 of the GDPR. If you want to exercise your data protection rights, please contact us. To ensure that you can exercise your rights we must process some of your data, such as name, surname, email address and some others, for example, to verify your identity and to reply to your request. This will generate further data about your person, which we will also process.
What data:
Name and surname, address, telephone numbers or email addresses, content of the request
Purposes:
Fulfilling your requests and legal requirements
Legal basis:
Legal obligation
Retention:
Two years
Trusted third parties who process your data
As part of our business operations and to provide certain services, we use service providers. This happens in marketing and customer support, for online surveys, chat and map services, display of videos, operating the website (cookie banner, security and provision), search in community posts and more. Do not worry though, we have concluded data processing agreements (DPA) with the service providers and when we transfer your data to third countries, we ensure that it is adequately safeguarded. This is achieved through either countries approved by the EU as safe (adequacy decision), specific approved contracts (standard contractual clauses), or by seeking your explicit consent when necessary.
Personio may disclose personal data collected in the scope of this privacy policy to members of its corporate group (“Affiliates”) – where this involves a transfer of your data to third countries outside the UK/European Economic Area (“EEA”)/Switzerland , we will ensure that it is adequately safeguarded (see the International Data Transfers section below for more information). Personio may also disclose relevant personal data if it is required to do so by law or legal process or in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements.
Detailed Information on the services can be found in the settings options of the cookie banner, via the link "Cookie Settings" at the bottom of each page of the website or via this link:
Cookie Settings
International Data Transfers
We may disclose data collected within the scope of this privacy policy to third parties that are located in countries outside the UK/EEA/Switzerland, including our Affiliates. Our customer data is exclusively stored in the European Union.
Some of those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the UK/EEA/Switzerland. In particular, those countries may not provide the same degree of protection for your personal data, may not give you the same rights in relation to your personal data and may not have a data protection supervisory authority to help you if you have any concerns about the processing of your personal data. However, when transferring your personal data outside the UK/EEA/Switzerland, we will comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to your personal data, including (as necessary) having a lawful basis for transferring personal data and putting appropriate safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data. We will also take appropriate steps to ensure the security of your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
When transferring your personal data outside the UK/EEA/Switzerland, we will, where required by applicable data protection laws, ensure that at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: (1) we will only transfer your personal data to countries or organisations that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the UK and/or Swiss Government or the European Commission, as applicable; or (2) we will use specific contracts approved by the UK and/or Swiss Government or the European Commission, as applicable, commonly known as the “Standard Contractual Clauses” or “SSCs”, which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK/Switzerland and the EEA. Please contact us if you would like further information on the specific mechanisms used by us when transferring your personal data outside the UK/EEA/Switzerland.
In addition, where we disclose personal data that we process in connection with any of our affiliates’ participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and/or the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, we remain liable under those frameworks in relation to our onward transfer of personal data to those entities, unless we can show that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Personio Corp. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF)  as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Personio Personio Corp. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Personio Personio Corp. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
As part of our commitment to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, we provide individuals with the ability to choose how their personal data is used and shared. We respect your rights to make informed decisions about your personal information and offer the following choices:
a.
Opt-Out of Marketing Communications
: You have the right to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time. You can do this by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our emails or by contacting us directly.
b.
Data Sharing with Third Parties
: We will not disclose your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those specified in this policy without your explicit consent, except as required by law. You have the option to object to the sharing of your data with third parties.
c.
Access and Update Personal Information
: You have the right to access and update your personal information. You also have the right to review, correct, or delete your personal data.
d.
Withdrawal of Consent
: Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
In order to exercise your rights and choices you can use the contact form provided in the section on “Data Subject Rights” set out below. By providing these choices, we aim to give you greater control over your personal information and ensure transparency in how we handle your data in compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
If there is any conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (“DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall prevail.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification(s), please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
How we use cookies
Cookies are text information that is stored on your device via the internet browser. Cookies have distinct functions:
Essential cookies are necessary to ensure the functioning of the website. Without them the website would not work. For these we do not need consent. For all other cookies, functional cookies, marketing cookies and those to display maps or videos, we ask for your consent.
Detailed information on cookies can be found again in the same place as indicated above and via this link:
Cookie Settings
.
Be informed about your privacy rights
First, you have the right to be
informed.
This is the purpose of this privacy notice, but this is not all there is. You can exercise your right to
information
about the very data we process from you, the right to
rectification
,
erasure
or
restriction of processing.
To do so, contact
us or our data protection officer. Use the contact options mentioned below.
If you wish, you can obtain
a copy of
the data and you can also
withdraw
a given
consent
at any time for the future. Under certain circumstances, you can
object
to the processing of your data too. In particular, in the case of direct marketing or when we process data for our legitimate interests.
Lastly, you have the right to lodge a
complaint.
EU, UK or Swiss individuals can report concerns to the following organisations:
We prefer that you file your complaint with us, as we will make every effort to reach a resolution. Alternatively, you always have the option to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority at any time: Our competent authority is the Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision, Promenade 18, D-91522 Ansbach, phone: +49 (0) 981 180093-0, email:
poststelle@lda.bayern.de
.
EEA
-  You can find a list of supervisory authorities and their contact details for the EEA at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
United Kingdom
- The Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) is the supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. Contact details for the ICO can be found at https://ico.org.uk.
Switzerland
- The Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“FDPIC”) is the supervisory authority in Switzerland. Contact details for the FDPIC can be found at
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/
.
United States of America
- In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Personio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.   If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.  Following the dispute resolution process, JAMS or you may refer the matter to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which has investigatory and enforcement powers over us. Under certain circumstances, you also may be able to invoke binding arbitration to address complaints about our compliance with DPF Principles.
Date of this privacy notice: 10-2023
Data Protection Officer
Personio has appointed Bitkom Servicegesellschaft mbH as external data protection officer for advice on data protection issues and to provide support as the company data protection officer.
Bitkom Servicegesellschaft mbH
Albrechtstraße 10
10117 Berlin
Email:
datenschutz@bitkom-consult.de
Data Subject Rights
You have the right to be
informed.
This is the purpose of this privacy notice, but this is not all there is. You can exercise your right to
information
about the very data we process from you, the right to
rectification
,
erasure
or
restriction of processing.
If you wish, you can obtain
a copy of
the data and you can also
withdraw
a given
consent
at any time for the future. Under certain circumstances, you can
object
to the processing of your data too. In particular, in the case of direct marketing or when we process data for our legitimate interests.
Lastly, you have the right to lodge a
complaint.
To exercise your rights please use this
form
.
Legal hub
Here
you can find further information on Personio's General Terms and Conditions and our Data Processing Addendum (DPA).