home
Leadership
ブログ
Contact US
Privacy Policy
-
Helpfeel Inc. (the "Company") sets forth this Privacy Policy (the "Policy") with regard to the treatment of user information, including but not limited to personal information, in the course of the performance of service provided by the Company, as follows;
1. Definition
"The Services" means all websites, products and services provided by the Company.
"Website" means such website as may be from time to time operated by the Company, whose domain name is corp.helpfeel.com (or if the domain name or content thereof is modified for any reasons, such modified website) including the inquiry form.
"User" means an individual or corporation who uses the Services.
"Personal Information" means "personal information" as defined in Article 2 of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (Act No. 57 of 2003, hereinafter referred to as the "Personal Information Protection Act"), that is information about a living individual which can identify the specific individual by name, date of birth or other description contained in such information including such information as will allow easy reference to other information and will thereby enable the identification of the specific individual.
"User Information" means information identifying Users, history of actions in the Service and other information created or accumulated in relation to Users or their devices, that are collected by the Company pursuant to this Policy.
2. Acceptance of this Policy
By using the Services, Users agree to the terms and conditions of the Policy. If Users do not agree to any of the terms and conditions in the Policy, they should stop using the Services.
3.User Information to be Collected and Method of Collection
The User Information that the Company may collect in the course of the Service is as follows, depending on the method of collection. The User may require the Company to discontinue the collection or use of the all or a part of the User Information by choosing the applicable setting as prescribed in the Service, and promptly upon such request the Company shall discontinue such collection or use in accordance with the rules prescribed by the Company. Certain User Information is necessary to be collected or used for providing the Service, and the Company shall discontinue such collection or use of the User Information only if the User withdraws from the Service pursuant to procedures determined by the Company.
1. Information provided by the User
The information to be provided by the User for or through the use of the Service may contain the following and more:
name, date of birth, sex, occupation and other profile information;
email address, telephone number, address and other contact information;
information of image(s) containing the User's portrait;
information transmitted by the User through entrance forms, uploading features, or other methods specified by the Company;
In some cases, the Company may outsource part of the payment operations to a collection agency, and if the payment method is a credit card, the credit card information entered by the User will be sent directly to the collection agency. The Company will not store and save the credit card information with the Company except for the last four digits of the credit card number and the expiration date in accordance with the Policy.
2. Information provided from another service, based on the User's permission for the Service to associate with such another service in relation to the User's use of the Service
If the User permits the Service to associate with other services such as social networking services ("Outside Service") in relation to the User's use of the Service, the Company may collect the following information from the Outside Services in accordance with the conditions agreed by the User at the time of such permission:
ID used by the User for the Outside Service; and
other information for which the User, in the privacy settings in the Outside Service, permits disclosure to its associated services;
3. Information automatically collected by the Company in the course of the User's use of the Service
The Company may collect information regarding access to or use of the Service, which includes the following.
Referrer
IP address
Information regarding server access logs
Cookies, ADID, IDFA and other identifiers
The User can configure its browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify them when a cookie is set. However, if the User rejects all cookies, the User may not be able to use the Services or may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings.
4. Information collected by the Company with the consent respectively given by the User in the course of the User's use of the Service
If the User respectively gives the consent, the Company may collect the following information from the device used by the User.
location information
4. Purpose of Use
Specific purposes of use of the User Information for the provision of the Service are as follows:
Provision, maintenance, protection and improvement of the Service, including but not limited to acceptance of registration for the Service, identification, record of User settings, and payment of use fees that are related to the Service;
Measurement of traffic and actions of the User;
Distribution, display, and measuring effect of advertisements;
Guidance and response to inquiries relating to the Service;
Addressing a violation of rules, regulations or policies of the Company; relating to the Service (the "Rules");
Notice of modification to the Rules or related matters.
The Company may combine User Information that the Company has with information that the Company obtains from Third Parties.
5. Outside Transmissions
5.1. Cookies
The Company’s affiliated parties may save cookies in the User's devices and thereby accumulate and use the User Information. For a list of the affiliated parties and their privacy policies, please see
https://corp.helpfeel.com/ja/privacy-list
.
5.2. API
The Services can be linked with external services using APIs, and when a User permits linkage with such external services, the Company may provide some User Information to such external services based on the contents agreed upon when the User permits such linkage. In addition, when using such external services, the User shall agree to and follow the terms of use and privacy policy of such external services. For a list of API providers and their privacy policies and terms of use, please click
here
.
6. Information Collection Modules
The information collection modules are incorporated into the Service. Thus, the Company provides the User Information to the providers (including but not limited to those outside Japan) of such information collection modules. For a list of information collection modules and their privacy policies, please see
https://corp.helpfeel.com/ja/privacy-list
.
7. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
The Company shall not provide to any third party (including the same outside Japan) personal information contained in the User Information without the prior consent of the User, except where such provision is required due to any of the following circumstances:
The Company authorizes such third party to handle the Personal Information in whole or in part to the extent necessary to accomplish the purpose of the use;
The Personal Information is provided through a business transfer by way of merger or other similar transactions;
The Personal Information is provided to an affiliated party or a provider of an information collection module pursuant to Section 5 and 6 hereof;
Cases in which the provision of Personal Information is necessary for the protection of the life, body, or property of an individual and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person.
Cases in which the provision of Personal Information is specially necessary for improving public health or promoting the sound growth of children and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person
The Company is required to cooperate with state or local governmental organizations or their agents to perform their duties or obligations pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, and such performance is likely to be precluded if the consent of the User must be obtained; and
In addition to the foregoing, the Company is entitled to provide information pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act or other applicable laws and regulations.
When a User registers an account with the Service, the user ID or alias that the User is posting under may be visible to other Users. When the User provides content on any Services, the User has the ability to do so in a manner that may include Personal Information about themselves. However, the User will be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused thereof and the Company will not be responsible or liable.
8. Entrusting the handling of Personal Information
In the course of providing the Service, it may be necessary or appropriate for the Company to outsource the handling of Users' Personal Information to third parties, such as service providers, contractors, and carefully selected vendors, to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes of use specified in this Policy. In such cases, the Company will require the third party to sign a confidentiality agreement in accordance with this Policy and will restrict the third party's use or disclosure of the information obtained from the User to the third party.
9. Procedure to Amend this Policy
The Company may amend this Policy as necessary. The Company may change the purpose of use of Personal Information from that set forth at the time of collection, to the extent that it is reasonably deemed to be related to the previous purpose of use; provided, however, that in the event of an amendment to this Policy that legally requires the consent thereto of the Users, this Policy after the amendment shall be applied only to the Users that have given the consent in the manner specified by the Company. In the event of any amendment to this Policy, the Company shall inform the effective time and content of the amended Policy by posting on the Website of the Company or other appropriate way, or notify the Users of the same. The Users are responsible for periodically checking the Website for changes to this Policy.
10. Personal Information Storage and Security
The Company takes reasonable precaution to protect the Personal Information that the Company collects from the Users, prospective users, and visitors.
1.  Storage
When users submit Personal Information, that information is housed in a secure database with one or more cloud services providers.
2. Technological security control measures
To prevent unauthorized access, loss, or misuse, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, the Company has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information the Company maintains. The Company uses industry-standard technology, such as firewalls, in an effort to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Information. Moreover, the Company encrypts the transmission of sensitive information to the Company (e.g., account passwords and payment-related identifiable information) via SSL (secured socket layer) protocol in the interest of heightened privacy protection and information integrity. The User’s account information is also password-protected. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.
3. Institutional security control measures, human security control measures
In addition, only employees who need to know the information to perform their duties are granted access to Personal Information. The unauthorized access or use of such information by an employee is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary action. Additionally, the Company’s information management systems are configured in such a way as to block or inhibit employees from accessing information that they have no authority to access.
4. Notice
The Company may post a notice on the applicable websites if a security breach occurs. If this happens, the Users will need a web browser enabling them to view the applicable websites. The Company may also send an email to the Users at the email address the Users have provided to the Company in these circumstances.
11. Opt out
If the Users do not want the Company to send email or postal mail about the Services, the Users can opt-out at the time of registration or information collection. If, at a later date, the Users wish to unsubscribe from email or postal mail, please make the request via the inquiry form on the corresponding Website. However, the Company reserves the right to send the Users important notices regarding their use of the Company’s paid Services. In this case, the User will not be given the opportunity to refuse to receive notices of the above matters.
12. Links to websites operated by third parties
Please be advised that the Website and Services may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites. Although these websites may have privacy policies, all of these websites and their privacy policies are independent of the Website and this Policy. The Company is not responsible for compliance with other websites’ privacy policies or data collection practices. The Users should review these privacy policies carefully before providing Personal Information to these websites.
13. Disclosure of Personal Information
Upon request from the User to disclose its Personal Information under the Personal Information Protection Act, the Company shall, without delay, disclose to the User such information (or, in the event of non-existence of such personal information, notify the User to that effect) after confirming that the request is made by the User itself, to the extent required to do so under the Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable laws and regulations. Please note that the User may be required to pay a fee (1,000 yen per disclosure) for disclosure of personal information.
14. Correction, Suspension of Use, deletion of Personal Information
1. Correction and Suspension of Use of Personal Information
If the Company is required pursuant to the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Act by the User to (i) correct the content of personal information due to the reason that such information is false, or (ii) suspend use of personal information due to the reason that such information is being handled beyond the scope of the purpose of the use previously made public, or has been collected in a fraudulent or otherwise illicit manner, then the Company shall, without delay after confirming that the request is made by the User itself, conduct an appropriate investigation and based upon the results thereof, correct the content or suspend the use of such personal information, and notify the party to that effect. In cases where the Company decides not to make such correction or suspension of the use, the Company shall notify the User to that effect. Should the Company not be obligated to correct, or suspend use of personal information under the Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable laws and regulations, this shall not apply.
2. Deletion of Personal Information
In the event that the Company is required by the User to delete its personal information and has determined that it is necessary to accept such request, the Company shall, after confirming that the request is made by the User itself, delete such personal information and notify the party to that effect. Should the Company not be obligated to delete the personal information under the Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable laws and regulations, this shall not apply.
3. Deletion of the account
If the Users have registered an account on the Services, the User can edit the account information at any time or delete its account by visiting the applicable account deletion page.
15. No Guarantees
While this Policy states the Company’s standards for maintenance of User Information and the Company will make reasonable efforts to meet them, the Company is not in a position to guarantee these standards. The Company disclaims any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of any Personal Information collected from any Service.
16. Inquiries
1. How to Contact the Company
Any suggestions, questions, complaints, or other inquiries on the handling of the User Information must be submitted through the inquiry form on this Website or through the respective Service’s inquiry form.
2. How to request disclosure, correction, suspension of use or deletion of personal information
If the Users wish to request disclosure, correction, suspension of use, or deletion of its personal information as prescribed under this Policy, please submit the request using the inquiry form on this Website or through the respective Service’s inquiry form. The Company will take appropriate measures to respond to the request.
‍
Helpfeel Inc. Customer Service
Kawamoto Bldg., 5th Floor
110-16 Goshohachiman-cho, Kamigyo-ku
Kyoto, 602-0023 Japan
Email:
privacy@helpfeel.com
This Policy shall be executed in the Japanese language. Japanese shall be the governing language and any translation of this Policy into any other language is for convenience of reference only and shall not bind the parties hereto.
‍
Prescribed on 09/14/2023
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://corp.helpfeel.com/ja/privacy-list:
会社情報
プロダクト
問い合わせ削減もCX改善も
検索型AI-FAQ「Helpfeel」
ドキュメント文化が育つ
ナレッジベース「Cosense」
情報をナレッジにする
メディアキャプチャー「Gyazo」
ニュース
お問い合わせ
採用情報
検索型AI-FAQ「Helpfeel」
プロダクト
問い合わせ削減もCX改善も
検索型AI-FAQ「Helpfeel」
ドキュメント文化が育つ
ナレッジベース「Cosense」
情報をナレッジにする
メディアキャプチャー「Gyazo」
Mission
Privacy Policy
-
プライバシーポリシー
提携先一覧及びそのプライバシーポリシー
Google
Mixpanel
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Pubmatic
Sovrn
MicroAd
Sentry
Vimeo
Cloudflare
Stripe
Adobe
Auth0
‍
Sales Marker
使用するAPI提供元一覧とそのプライバシーポリシー及び利用規約
Googleプライバシーポリシー
Google利用規約
‍
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
Cloudflare Website and Online Services Terms of Use
‍
Heroku のセキュリティ、プライバシー、コンプライアンス
‍
Stripe グローバルプライバシーポリシー
Stripe Services Agreement
‍
PayPal Privacy Statement
PayPal利用規定ポリシー
‍
SendGridプライバシーポリシー
SendGrid利用規約
‍
ZenDeskプライバシーポリシー
ZenDesk Master Subscription Agreement
‍
Slackプライバシーポリシー
​ユ⁠ー⁠ザ⁠ー⁠向⁠け⁠サ⁠ー⁠ビ⁠ス⁠利⁠用⁠規⁠約
​
Twitterプライバシーポリシー
‍
Twitterサービス利用規約
‍
Wildbit プライバシーポリシー
‍
Postmark Terms of Services
情報収集モジュール一覧及びそのプライバシーポリシー
Google Analytics
Adobe Analytics
Microsoft
‍