WOWSlider.com
slider111.png
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 11, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Barber Chop
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers’ personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers’ personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers’ personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Lajeune & Associates, LLC, 501 Franklin Ave Brooklyn, NY 11238.For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Country
refers to: New York, United States
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Facebook Fan Page
is a public profile named Barber Chop specifically created by the Company on the Facebook social network, accessible from
https://www.facebook.com/barberchopapp/
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.For the purposes of GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
Information regarding your location
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company’s servers and/or a Service Provider’s server or it may be simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
To deliver targeted advertising to You
: We may use Your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third-party vendors who do so) tailored to Your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Advertising
We may use Service Providers to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or app” page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
AppLovin
AppLovin is provided by the AppLovin Corporation.If you’d like to opt-out from AppLovin service, please visit the AppLovin Opt-out page:
https://www.applovin.com/optout
If you’d like to learn more about AppLovin, please visit the Privacy Policy page of AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle Inc.You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
For more information about Vungle, please visit Vungle Privacy Policy:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is provided by Unity Technologies.Unity Ads collects, stores, uses, processes, and transfers personal information to provide, operate, and improve Unity Technologies services, including personalized advertising services. For more information on what type of information Unity Technologies collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.You can prevent Unity Ads from using your information by opting-out. To opt-out of Unity Analytics, please visit this page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
You may opt-out of all personalized advertising by enabling privacy features on Your mobile device such as Limit Ad Tracking (iOS) and Opt Out of Ads Personalization (Android). See Your mobile device Help system for more information.
Pangle
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Meta Audience Network
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Chocolate Platform
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://chocolateplatform.com/privacy-policy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
The Company uses remarketing services to advertise to You after You accessed or visited our Service. We and Our third-party vendors use cookies and non-cookie technologies to help Us recognize Your Device and understand how You use our Service so that We can improve our Service to reflect Your interests and serve You advertisements that are likely to be of more interest to You.
These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies and to enable Us to:
Measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on Our Service
Show advertisements for our products and/or services to You on third-party websites or apps
Measure and analyze the performance of Our advertising campaigns
Some of these third-party vendors may use non-cookie technologies that may not be impacted by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not permit You to block such technologies. You can use the following third-party tools to decline the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving You interest-based advertising:
The NAI’s opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
You may opt-out of all personalized advertising by enabling privacy features on Your mobile device such as Limit Ad Tracking (iOS) and Opt Out of Ads Personalization (Android). See Your mobile device Help system for more information.
We may share information, such as hashed email addresses (if available) or other online identifiers collected on Our Service with these third-party vendors. This allows Our third-party vendors to recognize and deliver You ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by these third-party vendors and their cross-device capabilities please refer to the Privacy Policy of each vendor listed below.
The third-party vendors We use are:
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on –
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
– for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.You can opt-out from Twitter’s interest-based ads by following their instructions:
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/516147308587266
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Tumblr
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.tumblr.com/privacy
Snapchat
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy
Instagram
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875/
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page
https://www.facebook.com/barberchopapp/
, the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about Our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting Our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
CCPA Privacy
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in Our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of personal information which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected by Us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of personal information would only be collected if You provided such personal information directly to Us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.Collected: Yes.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).Collected: No.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.Collected: Yes.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement.Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location.Collected: Yes.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.Collected: No.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.Collected: No.
Under CCPA, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, from the forms You complete on our Service, preferences You express or provide through our Service, or from Your purchases on our Service.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing Your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You
. For example, through cookies We or our Service Providers set on Your Device as You navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party vendors to provide advertising on our Service, third-party vendors to deliver targeted advertising to You, third-party vendors for payment processing, or other third-party vendors that We use to provide the Service to You.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose personal information We collect for “business purposes” or “commercial purposes” (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide You with our Service.
To provide You with support and to respond to Your inquiries, including to investigate and address Your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information. For example, if You share Your contact information to ask a question about our Service, We will use that personal information to respond to Your inquiry. If You provide Your personal information to purchase a product or service, We will use that information to process Your payment and facilitate delivery.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the “Use of Your Personal Data” section.
If We decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information We collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes We will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Category G: Geolocation data
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When We disclose personal information for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, We enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA, “sell” and “sale” mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that We may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
Please note that the categories listed below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact sold, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Category G: Geolocation data
Share of Personal Information
We may share Your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Payment processors
Our affiliates
Our business partners
Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services We provide to You
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not sell the personal information of Consumers We actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless We receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the Consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of personal information may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or Your authorized representative) may submit a request to Us by contacting Us.
If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us with sufficient detail to enable Us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. If You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to request.
Under CCPA, You have the right to request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information We collected about You
The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You
If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information categories sold
The categories of personal information categories disclosed
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information. To submit an opt-out request please contact Us.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will delete (and direct Our Service Providers to delete) Your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our Service Providers to:
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer’s rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us:
By email: barberchopapp@gmail.com
By visiting this page on our website:
https://barberchop.com/contact-us/
Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to Your personal information.
Your request to Us must:
Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom We collected personal information or an authorized representative
Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows Us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with the required information if We cannot:
Verify Your identity or authority to make the request
And confirm that the personal information relates to You
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures We provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt.
For data portability requests, We will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily usable and should allow You to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information. Once We receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from You, we will stop selling Your personal information. To exercise Your right to opt-out, please contact Us.
The Service Providers we partner with (for example, our analytics or advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that sells personal information as defined by the CCPA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of Your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that You use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
The NAI’s opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, You will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give You the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps You use in order to serve You ads that are targeted to Your interests:
“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices
“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on Your mobile device.
“Do Not Track” Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children’s Privacy
The Service may contain content appropriate for children under the age of 13. As a parent, you should know that through the Service children under the age of 13 may participate in activities that involve the collection or use of personal information. We use reasonable efforts to ensure that before we collect any personal information from a child, the child’s parent receives notice of and consents to our personal information practices.
We also may limit how We collect, use, and store some of the information of Users between 13 and 18 years old. In some cases, this means We will be unable to provide certain functionality of the Service to these Users. If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent’s consent before We collect and use that information.
We may ask a User to verify its date of birth before collecting any personal information from them. If the User is under the age of 13, the Service will be either blocked or redirected to a parental consent process.
Information Collected from Children Under the Age of 13
The Company may collect and store persistent identifiers such as cookies or IP addresses from Children without parental consent for the purpose of supporting the internal operation of the Service.
We may collect and store other personal information about children if this information is submitted by a child with prior parent consent or by the parent or guardian of the child.
The Company may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child when submitted by a child with prior parental consent or by the parent or guardian of the child:
First and/or last name
Date of birth
Gender
Grade level
Email address
Telephone number
Parent’s or guardian’s name
Parent’s or guardian’s email address
For further details on the information We might collect, You can refer to the “Types of Data Collected” section of this Privacy Policy. We follow our standard Privacy Policy for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children.
Parental Access
A parent who has already given the Company permission to collect and use his child personal information can, at any time:
Review, correct or delete the child’s personal information
Discontinue further collection or use of the child’s personal information
To make such a request, You can write to Us using the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California’s Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you’d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 allows California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: barberchopapp@gmail.com
By visiting this page on our website:
https://barberchop.com/contact-us/
Content
Drop a Note
*
Name:
*
Email:
Phone:
*
Message:
Security Code:
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
http://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 3
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 4
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://chocolateplatform.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Chocolate by Silverpush – Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Chocolate by Silverpush
runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modeling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how
Chocolate by Silverpush
collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“
Chocolate by Silverpush
” means
Chocolate by Silverpush
Global Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries).
Chocolate by Silverpush Pte. Ltd.
is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
NON-APPLICABILITY
Chocolate by Silverpush
may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that the foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
CHOCOLATE BY SILVERPUSH MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
Chocolate by Silverpush
engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc.
Chocolate by Silverpush
may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings.
Chocolate by Silverpush
also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
Chocolate by Silverpush
provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels.
Chocolate by Silverpush
receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites, and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them.
Chocolate by Silverpush
is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites, and services collect and use data.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through
Chocolate by Silverpush
on a site, app, or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us.
Chocolate by Silverpush
may also collect information about you when you interact with our websites and other digital properties, including personal information you provide to us directly or through third parties. The information we collect may include:
Device information (e.g., device model, operating system, mobile network information, and unique device identifier)
IP address and geolocation information
Ad viewability and engagement data (e.g., whether an advertisement was viewed, interaction time, etc.)
Cookie information
Log data (e.g., access times, pages viewed, clickstream data, etc.)
Other information provided by you or obtained from third parties
The online gaming industry has witnessed a plethora of innovations, but few can match the excitement and
engagement of the Crazy Time Casino Show. This distinctive gaming show is an impeccable blend of interactive
entertainment and the thrill of casino betting. Accessible via
crazytimeshow.com
,
players can experience a live broadcast that is both a game show and a betting opportunity. Vibrant hosts,
colorful sets, and state-of-the-art technology converge to produce a riveting experience. Players can bet on
various outcomes, engage in real-time with the hosts, and potentially reap generous rewards. Beyond the simple
mechanics of traditional online casino games, Crazy Time Casino Show pushes the envelope by offering an
immersive multimedia experience. The excitement of real-world game shows and the allure of big wins make it an
unmissable experience for both seasoned gamblers and newcomers to the online casino scene.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:
Providing and optimizing our Marketing Platform Services
Delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertisements
Personalizing and improving your experience on our websites and other digital properties
Detecting and preventing fraud
Generating aggregated insights and reports for our clients and partners
Complying with legal obligations
HOW DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may share your information with the following parties:
Demand side advertising partners
Publishers and app developers
Measurement and analytics partners
Service providers and vendors
Legal and law enforcement authorities, if required by applicable law or in response to a legal process
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, if applicable
SECURITY
The security of Your personal information is important to Us. We take precautions, including administrative, technical and physical measures, to safeguard Your personal information against loss, theft and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. When You enter sensitive information on Our registration We encrypt that information.
This Website has various electronic, procedural and physical security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information, or any accidental loss, destruction or damage to data. When You submit Your information via the Website, Your information is protected through Our security system
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at
privacy@chocolateplatform.com
.
Thank you for your understanding, and please let me know if there’s anything else I can help you with!
Copyright
2025
Chocolateplatform.com
. DBA Chocolate All Right Reserved.
Marketplace Agreement
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Opt Out
Sub-policy 7
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 8
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 9
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 10
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 11
https://www.tumblr.com/privacy:
JavaScript
is required to view this site.
Tumblr Privacy International
Last Modified: 2019-12-26
To learn more about how Tumblr across the globe treats your information, please choose your Tumblr website or app language from the following list of Tumblr privacy policies:
Main Privacy Policy (English)
English European Privacy Policy
Español European Privacy Policy
Italiano European Privacy Policy
Deutsch European Privacy Policy
Français European Privacy Policy
Nederlands European Privacy Policy
Polski European Privacy Policy
Português European Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 12
https://snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective April 7, 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until April 7, 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: April 7, 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update, and delete your information, decide who can contact you, and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example,  by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat, and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location, and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos, and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
, and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How We Use Information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on
who you interact with most and
what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different, or otherwise specific way.
How We Share Information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Center Participants.
When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimize the performance of ads, or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety, and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (
unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it
). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
— like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself.
Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
.
Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.
Take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here
or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
? You can contact us
here
.