Grosvenor One Account Terms
House Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
House Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
(Effective 01/03/2025)
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before registering for an account with us or using our services. If you have any questions relating to these Terms and Conditions (or any documents referred to in them), please contact Customer Services.
By using our services and/or registering for an account with us, you indicate your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, and the rest of the Terms of Use as described and/or set out below.
You should also read our Privacy Notice which explains how we use your personal information. You can find our Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
here.
Key Terms
You should read these Terms and Conditions, and the rest of the Terms of Use, in their entirety before using our services but we would like to draw your attention to the following:
Errors, Interruptions and Malfunctions: From time to time, technical malfunctions or human errors may occur which affect our Services. We refer to such events in these Terms and Conditions as “Errors”, “Interruptions” or “Malfunctions” and you can find some examples of these in section 11. In some cases, Errors, Interruptions and Malfunctions may not be apparent or detectable by you and/or us. Any Wager affected by an Error, Interruption or Malfunction will not count, and any winnings and/or Bonuses attributed to you as a result will not be payable to you, as set out in section 11.
Our liability to you: There are certain losses for which we do not limit or exclude our liability (including certain of your rights under law). Our liability is excluded for business losses, damage to equipment, or losses resulting from third parties, your breach of the Terms of Use, Errors, Malfunctions or Interruptions, or events beyond our reasonable control. Nor are we responsible to you for losses that are not a reasonably foreseeable consequence of our breach. Our liability to you for other types of losses is limited, depending on the type of loss. Details of our liability to you can be found at section 20.
Eligibility requirements:
To register for and/or use the Services you must: (a) be 18 years of age or older; (b) be in a territory from which we currently accept users; and (c) register in your own name and for your sole benefit. You may also only register one account with us per Brand. See section 4 for further membership requirements.
Verification Checks:
We may ask you for certain information and/or documentation in order to verify your age, identity and financial circumstances, and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, as set out in section 7. We may temporarily suspend your account and/or withhold payment of your balance and winnings until such verification has been satisfactorily completed.
Prohibited Conduct:
You must not engage in any Prohibited Conduct and the consequences of you doing so may include the voiding of any relevant Wagers, the withholding of any winnings and Bonuses, and the suspension and/or closure of your account. You may also be liable to compensate us for losses suffered by us as a result of you engaging in Prohibited Conduct. Further details, including what constitutes “Prohibited Conduct”, can be found in section 23.
Account Closure:
In addition to those examples set out above, we may temporarily suspend or permanently close your account at any time, as set out in section 17. Save where stated otherwise, if we do so we will refund you your entire withdrawable account balance.
Amendment to Terms of Use:
We may change the Terms of Use or our Services from time to time. See section 3 below for instances where we will notify you of this in advance.
Safer Gambling:
Certain safer gambling tools are available to you, as set out in section 21 below and on our dedicated safer gambling website
The Rank Group’s safer gambling support site
Confirmed Wagers:
Wagers do not become valid until our systems confirm that the Wager has been accepted and until we have received payment, and we and our records shall be the final authority in determining the terms of any Wager, as set out in section 9.
Dormant accounts:
If you do not log-in for 12 months or more, we may determine and re-classify your account to be “dormant”, as further set out in section 15.
Bonus terms:
If you are granted a Bonus, certain terms will apply to your use of the Bonus (including wagering requirements which must be completed within a certain period of time), as further set out in section 16.
1 Who are you?
1.1. We are Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited, a company registered in Gibraltar under number 120385 with its registered address at Suite 3, 2nd Floor, Icom House, 1/5 Irish Town, Gibraltar GX11 1AA.
1.2. We are part of The Rank Group Plc group of companies (the “
Rank Group
”) which operates gaming venues in Europe and websites and mobile applications under the Bella Casino, Grosvenor Casinos, Mecca Bingo, Mecca Games, Kitty Bingo, Lucky Pants Bingo, Lucky VIP, Magical Vegas, Regal Wins, Rialto Casino, The Vic, Spin&Win, Enracha, YoCasino, YoBingo and YoSports brands. ("
Brands
").
1.3. For customers located in Great Britain, we are licensed and regulated by the Gambling Commission of Great Britain (licence account number 57924).
1.4. For customers located outside of Great Britain, we are licensed by the Government of Gibraltar and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner (licence numbers RGL No. 133 and RGL No. 134).
2 What are these Terms and Conditions?
2.1. By registering an account with us and/or using this website and any associated mobile applications (our “
Services
”), you enter into a legally binding agreement with us, which consists of these Terms and Conditions and (where the product is available) each of the following:
2.1.1. our Grosvenor poker terms and conditions, for use of our poker products, which can be found
here
; (“Poker Rules”);
2.1.2. our Grosvenor sports betting terms, conditions and rules, for use of our sportsbook, which can be found
here
(“
Betting Rules
”);
2.1.3. any individual games (including jackpot games) rules which can be found on the “game rules” tab for each game as set out below at section 2.2, (“
Game Rules
”); and
2.1.4. any specific terms relating to any event, competition, promotion, bonus or other offer that we publish from time to time,
which, together with these Terms and Conditions, are the “
Terms of Use
”.
2.2. The terms applicable to specific games may be found by:
2.2.1. clicking on any available ‘i’ button on any of the games you wish to play;
2.2.2. clicking on the ‘cog’/setup icon within any product to open the Options and then reviewing the ‘Help’ section for additional terms, including applicable pay-tables and theoretical return-to-player information.
2.3. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and the different sets of terms, conditions, rules or policies referred in section 2.1 above, then whatever is in these Terms and Conditions will apply instead of the relevant provision(s) in the other documents.
2.4. Please note that if you are having trouble locating any of the terms, conditions, rules or policies referred in section 2.1 above, you can request a copy from Customer Services.
2.5. We recommend that you retain a copy of these Terms and Conditions and store them safely along with all the confirmation e-mails, transaction data and payment methods relevant to your use of our Services.
3 How could the Terms of Use or the Services change?
3.1. Where we wish to make material changes to the Terms of Use, we will give you at least 14 days’ prior notice via email, notice on the website and/or account message.
3.2. For immaterial changes, we will not give you any prior notice, so you are advised to review the Terms of Use on a regular basis.
3.3. We may invite you to accept any updated Terms of Use by clicking on "yes", "I accept" or “I agree”, or checking a 'tick box' or any other similar method of confirmation. If you provide us with any such confirmation or continue to use the Services following any change to the Terms of Use taking effect, this will constitute your acceptance of the updated Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any change to the Terms of Use, you should stop using the Services and close your account with us as set out in section 18 below.
3.4. We may suspend, modify, remove and/or add products and services to the Services at our discretion from time to time. If the relevant change to the Services would constitute a material change which is to your detriment, we will try to give you prior notice wherever possible, however some amendments to the Services may be required to be made with immediate effect and without notice (for example, for compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations and for security reasons).
4 Am I eligible to open an account and use the Services?
4.1. You need to register and be accepted for an account with us to use the Services. To be eligible to open an account, you must:
4.1.1. be 18 (eighteen) years of age or older and above the legal age for gambling in the jurisdiction in which you live and be legally capable of entering into legally binding contracts. Underage gambling is a criminal offence;
4.1.2. reside in, and access the Services from, a Permitted Jurisdiction (as such term is defined in section 8.1 below);
4.1.3. not be self-excluded from gambling (including via a multi-operator self-exclusion scheme such as GAMSTOP) or otherwise be prohibited for any reason from gambling with us or from using the Services;
4.1.4. be acting solely for your own personal use. You must not act as an agent on behalf of someone else. Any bets or wagers placed via your account must be for your own benefit and not for the benefit of, or made in conjunction with, any third party;
4.1.5. not already have an open account with us in respect of the same Brand (as such term is defined in section 1.2 above) to which these Terms and Conditions relate. Only one account is permitted per customer per Brand. If we discover that you have opened one or more additional accounts for the same Brand, we can close such additional account(s) and treat any Bonuses (as such term is defined in section 16.4 below) accrued from them as void; and
4.1.6. not have previously had an account with us which we closed.
4.2. When you open an account and use our Services you are confirming that:
4.2.1. you meet the eligibility criteria set out in section 4.1 above;
4.2.2. you have the mental and legal capacity to take responsibility for your actions and to enter into and comply with the Terms of Use;
4.2.3. you are in a fit state of mind to do so and are not under the influence of alcohol or drugs (whether legal, prescribed or otherwise);
4.2.4. you will only use the Services for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner and not in a way that could be considered discriminatory, defamatory, abusive or obscene or which could reasonably cause offence;
4.2.5. you are using your own funds that you can afford to gamble with or your own funds that you are expressly entitled to use for gambling;
4.2.6. you are not the subject of any bankruptcy proceedings (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) where gambling spend would be considered a breach of such arrangement
4.2.7. you have not previously held an account with us or with any of our associates (in both cases whether online or in any venue) which was terminated due to your wrongdoing;
4.2.8. the details that you have provided us with are true, correct and complete and you will inform us of any changes to the information you have provided in accordance with section 5.2 below;
4.2.9. you will not engage in any Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in section 23.3 below);
4.2.10. you are not prohibited from using our Services by any term of your contract of employment, the Terms of Use or any rule of a sport governing body or other professional body of which you are a member, which applies to you;
4.2.11. if you are an employee, worker or contractor of any company within the Rank Group, you are permitted to do so by the Rank Group’s internal employee gambling policy and in line with the terms of your contract;
4.2.12. where a Wager (as such term is defined in section 9.1 below) is placed on the outcome of a race, competition or other event or process or on the likelihood of anything occurring or not occurring, you do not know the outcome of such event; and
4.2.13. you are not misusing non-public information to place a Wager.
5 How do I open an account?
5.1. When you open an account with us you will be asked to provide certain personal information when you complete the registration, which includes your name, address, date of birth, country of residence, email address and telephone number.
5.2. You must ensure that the information you provide is complete and accurate and that you update it if the information changes in the future. It is particularly important that you update us about any information that affects your use of the Services as quickly as possible (for example, your payment method and contact details). To change any of your account information, you can access and amend your information using the “My Account” section of the website or by contacting Customer Services. Should the payment card used on your account be lost, stolen or re-issued, please notify us as soon as possible by contacting Customer Services.
5.3. We may decline to open an account for any reason.
6 What do I need to know about my username and password and the security of my account?
6.1. When opening an account, you are requested to choose your own username and password. You should ensure that these details are kept private, as you are responsible for all activity on your account, where the correct security information has been provided.
6.2. If you lose or forget your username and/or password or if you believe that a third party is aware of them, you should contact Customer Services.
6.3. If another person accesses your account due to your error (for example, not keeping your username and password private or leaving your computer unattended without logging out) you are responsible for all their actions and any losses they may incur on your account.
6.4. For security, you should change your password regularly.
6.5. If young persons are sharing or have access to your devices, we recommend that you install and use parental control software.
7 What verification checks do you undertake?
7.1. We are required to undertake certain checks to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, for example to verify your age, identity, address, location, financial circumstances, and the source of the funds you deposit and use, and we may also undertake other appropriate credit, fraud prevention and verification checks (“
Verification Checks
”). We may ask you to provide various information and supporting documentation to enable us to carry out these Verification Checks. The information we require for the purposes of our Verification Checks may include: your passport, full driving licence, national identity card, marriage certificate or civil partnership certificate, deed poll (enrolled) or equivalent in Scotland, decree absolute or final order, utility bill (from the last three (3) months), bank statement (from the last three (3) months), and/or a photograph of you holding your passport, driving licence and/or national identity card open at the relevant page containing your details and photograph.
7.2. By registering for an account, you authorise us to conduct any Verification Checks that we may require at any time. You agree to provide us with any information we may reasonably need in relation to such Verification Checks.
7.3. We will suspend or place limits on your account whilst we undertake the Verification Checks and/or until you provide the requested information and documents. You will not be able to make withdrawals until we have successfully completed our initial Verification Checks. We may close your account if a Verification Check shows that you have provided any false information or documentation and/or if you fail to provide any information or documentation that we reasonably request.
7.4. If you are found to be under 18 years of age, all wagers placed whilst you were underage will be voided, and all related funds deposited will be returned. We shall not be obliged to pay any winnings which might otherwise have been payable.
7.5. We will supply the information that you have given us to authorised credit reference agencies, who will check the details we provide against any databases (public or private) to which they have access and may keep a record of that check. We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions, identification checks and for fraud detection and prevention purposes. We may also share your information with our regulators. Our
Privacy Notice
sets out in more detail how we use your personal information.
8 Do any geographical restrictions apply to use of your Services?
8.1. We only allow persons located in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man and Gibraltar (the “
Permitted Jurisdictions
”) to use our Services.
8.2. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any breach by you of the laws of any state or country that may occur as a result of your use of our Services from outside a Permitted Jurisdiction. We will close your account and cancel all un-settled Wagers (as such term is defined in section 9.1 below) immediately if it comes to our attention that the opening of your account or the use of our Services has taken place in breach of this paragraph, whether mistakenly or otherwise.
8.3. It is your responsibility to comply at all times with your own local, national or state laws that relate to gambling.
8.4. The availability of our Services does not constitute an offer, solicitation or invitation by us for the use of or subscription to betting, gaming or other services in any jurisdiction in which such activities are prohibited by law.
8.5. You agree not to attempt to circumvent our jurisdictional controls, whether by use of a virtual private network or otherwise. Although we take appropriate measures to restrict access to our Services to persons located in the Permitted Jurisdictions, no winnings shall be paid to you if you do obtain access outside the Permitted Jurisdictions.
8.6. We may terminate your account and refuse any use of our Services if we know or reasonably suspect that you have been using them whilst located outside the Permitted Jurisdictions.
9 What do I need to know about placing a Wager and using the Services?
9.1. We only accept bets, wagers, stakes and similar transactions (“
Wagers
”) made online (including via our mobile applications). Wagers are not accepted in other ways, including by telephone, email, post or fax, and will not be valid if received in such a way.
9.2. The following general terms apply to all Wagers. Specific terms also apply to poker, sports betting and games, as set out in the Poker Rules, Betting Rules and applicable Game Rules.
9.3. When a Wager is made, the corresponding amount is charged against your account and your real-money balance and/or bonus balance will be adjusted accordingly.
9.4. You will not be able to place a Wager using our Services unless you have available funds to cover the Wager.
9.5. It is important that you ensure that all details of any Wager are correct before you place it. Once we have accepted a Wager, you cannot change or cancel it.
9.6. You must exercise your own judgement in placing a Wager and you acknowledge that you have not relied on any statement or advice from us or our employees, agents or licensors in deciding to place a Wager.
9.7. We may refuse to accept any Wager in whole or in part for any reason at our discretion.
9.8. We may set maximum and minimum Wager amounts for specific games and sports, and these will be set out in the Poker Rules, Game Rules and Betting Rules, as applicable. We also impose limits on the maximum amount of winnings, which apply regardless of the amount you have Wager. Please see the Poker Rules, Betting Rules and Games Rules for more information.
9.9. We may implement certain limits on your account in accordance with our legal and regulatory obligations and commitment to safer gambling. We may place maximum limits on the amount of each Wager you may place using the Services.
9.10. Wagers do not become valid until our systems confirm that the Wager has been accepted and until we have received payment.
9.11. If there is any disagreement as to the details of a particular Wager, save where the result of our negligence, fraud or manifest error, then our records shall always prevail. In the unlikely event of a disagreement between the result that appears on your screen and the game server, you agree the result that appears on the game server will prevail. This is subject to your rights under section 24.
9.12. For some games, we will pass you to a third-party system. These systems may not provide you with all of the reporting information you will find on our website. Should you require additional information, please contact our Customer Services.
10 What additional rules apply to ensure our Services are fair?
10.1. If there is reasonable evidence or reasonable suspicion of price or event rigging, or manipulation in relation to any event or game, or if the integrity of an event or game has been called into question, or if we have been made aware of irregular or unusual betting patterns, or there is any attempt to defraud us, we will:
10.1.1. suspend our offering on any event or series of events in any of its markets; and
10.1.2. void all relevant Wagers or withhold settlement of them until the outcome of any investigation is confirmed. If no fraudulent or unlawful conduct is found to have occurred, settlement of the relevant Wagers shall be completed.
10.2. If fraudulent or unlawful conduct is found to have occurred in respect of any event or series of events (by the appropriate sports governing bodies or by any other means), we will suspend any Wagers placed on such events, either by any individual identified as having misused non-public information or by any other individual who in our reasonable opinion is connected to, acting in conjunction with, or in any way involved with such individual or the event manipulation, and withhold settlement of such Wagers, pending completion of relevant investigations.
11 What happens if there is an error, malfunction or other issue which affects the Services? Will my Wager be void?
11.1. We try hard to provide a high-quality and reliable online gambling service but from time to time, errors – whether technical, human or otherwise - may occur which affect the Services (“
Errors
”). Certain kinds of Errors may not be apparent or detectable by you and/or us until our checks have been completed.
11.2. In this section we set out a description of the types of Errors that can occur and what the consequences are for any Wagers you have placed. Please also refer to section 20 which explains what liability we will and won’t accept for losses that may result when these (and other) things go wrong.
11.3. Errors include (but are not limited to) the following:
11.3.1. systems and/or communications errors, delays, severe latency, technical failures, interruptions, malfunctions, bugs and/or viruses. We will refer to these Errors as “
Interruptions
”;
11.3.2. malfunctions and/or errors relating to games, including in respect of the underlying mechanics and maths on which the game is based. This type of Error includes an automated process failing to operate as designed or intended. It also includes where a game operates other than in accordance with its published ‘return to player’ percentage (being the rate at which winnings are paid out as published in the relevant game rules) and/or published Game Rules. Such malfunctions and/or errors may affect, amongst other things, the rate at which winnings are paid out, the amount of winnings paid out and/or the likelihood of winnings being paid out. These Errors may or may not be immediately apparent to us or to you and they may only come to light as and when settlement instructions, game outcomes or winnings are investigated, and our checks have been completed. We refer to these Errors as “
Malfunctions
”;
11.3.3. errors in the odds and/or terms of a Wager published for the purposes of betting, for example:
where the odds or terms of a Wager are mis-stated;
where there is a “palpable error” or “obvious error” (being where we erroneously offer odds that are materially different from those available in the general market or clearly incorrect given the chance of the event occurring);
where a Wager offer includes an incorrect participant (for example an individual or team that is not participating in the relevant event); and/or
in respect of “live” or “in-play bets”, if the odds offered by us are based on a score or result displayed on the Services which differs from the actual score at such time as provided by the relevant sports governing association, body or organisation;
11.3.4. errors in our acceptance of a Wager, for example:
where a Wager placed by you is accepted by us in error;
where a Wager (other than a “live” or “in-play bet”) is accepted by us after the start of the relevant event;
11.3.5. in respect of “live” or “in-play bets”:
where a Wager is accepted by us at the wrong odds or an incorrect price due to the live coverage being delayed or otherwise faulty;
where a Wager is accepted by us on an in-play event which has already occurred; or
where a Wager is accepted by us after an event which is separate to the one that you are betting on has already occurred or is occurring and such separate event can in any way be considered as contributing to the result of the event bet on (for example, with regards to football, a free kick is awarded and you place a bet that the next goal to be scored will be by way of free kick); and/or
11.3.6. errors in our settlement of a Wager and/or our calculation and distribution of winnings, for example if we settle a fixed-odds bet using odds other than those at which you placed your Wager, if we pay out winnings for a losing Wager, or if we distribute winnings that are not due to you.
11.4. If there is an Error: (a) any Wager that you have made that has been affected by that Error will be void; and (b) any winnings or Bonuses (or any other similar benefit) (“
Winnings
”) awarded to you or paid to you which you would not have otherwise been awarded or paid (as applicable) but for that Error occurring (“
Erroneous Winnings
”) will be void. This means that your Wager will not count, and any Erroneous Winnings will not be payable to you by us. This will be the case whether or not the Erroneous Winnings are credited to your account. We may suspend betting markets whilst an Error persists.
11.5. Whilst we investigate whether any Winnings are Erroneous Winnings, we will temporarily suspend payment of such Winnings to you. If we find that such Winnings are not Erroneous Winnings, we will process the payment/credit of such Winnings. If we find that such Winnings are Erroneous Winnings, we will not pay/credit these to you.
11.6. If you are for any reason able to withdraw any Erroneous Winnings, you agree to repay such amount to us promptly. We may deduct an amount equal to this amount against any money owed to you by us.
11.7. Where any Error is or becomes apparent or obvious to you or you suspect that an Error may be occurring, you agree that you will cease your use of the relevant Services and report it to Customer Services immediately.
11.8. In the event of an Interruption, we will do our best to handle those in a way that is fair and does not systematically disadvantage our customers.
12 How do I make a deposit or withdrawal?
12.1. You can only deposit monies to, and withdraw money from, your account by using the payment methods listed on the website. We do not accept any other payment methods and we are only able to allow you to withdraw available funds from your account to a payment method you have used to make a deposit.
12.2. The payment card used must be in your own name. If not, this may result in your account being suspended and further identification documents being requested.
12.3. We do not offer credit. You cannot deposit amounts into your account using a credit card, including by way of any credit card registered with an online payment service (e.g. PayPal, Apple Pay, Google Pay or other such providers).
12.4. You can make withdrawals from your account up to your current available balance, provided that:
12.4.1. all payments made into your account have been confirmed as cleared and have not been charged-back, reversed or otherwise cancelled;
12.4.2. we have completed our Verification Checks to our reasonable satisfaction. Where we have requested information from you to carry out these checks, any delay in providing this information may cause delay when withdrawing funds;
12.4.3. we are not required to withhold payments of your deposit and/or winnings by applicable law or regulation and have not been instructed to do so by a regulator; and
12.4.4. there is currently no ongoing, or completed, investigation: (a) into an Error, Interruption or Malfunction (as those terms are defined in section 11 above) involving the Services which you have used; or (b) where we have reasonable grounds to believe you may have engaged in a Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in section 23.3 below).
12.5. Withdrawals are also subject to the following terms and conditions:
12.5.1. for some payment cards, we may not be able to pay funds back to these if non-refundable. In these circumstances, we will pay the funds to another registered refundable method; and
12.5.2. for Visa debit cards and other third party payment processing websites (such as PayPal), there may be limits on withdrawals put in place by the relevant payment service provider from time to time. You should contact Customer Services in the event that you wish to withdraw funds in excess of these limits.
12.6. You can only remove a payment method from your account if the net deposit (deposits less withdrawals) on all payment methods is zero or less. If you no longer have the payment method that has net deposits on your account, then please contact our Customer Services for appropriate security checks. In some cases, we may require additional documentation confirming that the payment method is no longer active before we can remove it.
12.7. You may only make deposits and withdrawals into your account for the purpose of our Services in good faith and for the purpose for which they are provided.
13 Do you charge any fees for deposits or withdrawals?
13.1. We never charge fees on withdrawals. A transfer will only be made to an account in your name and such account must be held in a Permitted Jurisdiction (as such term is defined in section 8.1 above). Where you are requesting a bank transfer for the first time, we will require a statement showing the name, address, sort code and account number.
13.2. Before making a deposit or withdrawal, you should check with your bank, financial institution and/or payment service provider if they will apply any charges. We do not accept any responsibility for fees or charges applied by third parties.
14 What else do I need to know about money held in my account?
14.1. Interest is not payable on account balances.
14.2. You are responsible for reporting or declaring any funds withdrawn, including winnings, if such reporting is required by local law, tax or other authorities.
14.3. You must not make or attempt to make any chargebacks, and/or deny or reverse any payment that you have made, and you will reimburse us for any chargebacks, denial or reversal of payments you make, and any resulting loss suffered by us. If we are notified of, or become aware of, any suspected or fraudulent payment or any other fraudulent activity, we will suspend or close your account, reverse any withdrawal made and recover our loss, and/or any winnings attributable to such activity.
14.4. Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Rank Group Plc, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. Funds at least equal to the value of active customer balances are held in a designated bank account separate from our business accounts to ensure that there are always sufficient funds for customers to withdraw their balance at any time. We hold such sums on trust for our customers for the sole purpose of enabling them to either withdraw their balance or to place wagers on our website. This means that steps have been taken to protect your funds in the event of insolvency but that there is no absolute guarantee that all funds will be repaid. This meets the Gambling Commission’s requirements for the segregation of customer funds at the medium level of protection.
15 What happens to funds in my account if I stop using the Services?
15.1. We treat an account as “dormant” if you do not log-in for 12 months or more.
15.2. If you have a positive balance in your account, we will attempt to contact you using the contact details you have provided to us at least 30 (thirty) days before your account becomes “dormant”. You may reactivate a dormant account by logging into that account at any time.
15.3. All funds held in your account balance whilst classified as dormant will be subject to the same level of protection as those held in an active account. No funds will be deducted from your account whilst it is classified as dormant, nor are your rights as a consumer affected by a dormant status.
16 What terms apply to competitions and promotional offers?
16.1. We may offer certain competitions and promotional offers from time to time. These are subject to the Terms of Use and any specific terms relating to such offers that we publish from time to time (“
Promotion Rules
”).
16.2. All offers can be restricted to particular customers and do not have to be generally offered to all customers.
16.3 We may withdraw, amend or cancel any competition or promotional offer at any time and without notice. If we do so, any offers that you have opted in for or otherwise accrued will still be valid in accordance with the relevant terms that applied at the time of their grant, or we will take such other measures as may reasonably be required to ensure that you are not otherwise disadvantaged. Restrictions may be placed on your account to comply with regulatory obligations, which may include Safer Gambling requirements resulting in a limitation on your ability to participate in bonuses and promotions, as well as to receive marketing materials in relation to offers. Should this be the case, we will not be responsible if your ability to complete qualification requirements, or redeem the reward from a promotion, is affected. Other than in exceptional circumstances, we will provide notice of any withdrawal, amendment or cancellation of an offer.
16.4 If as part of a competition or promotional offer we credit you with a bonus, free bet, free spin token, or similar reward (a “
Bonus
”), then the following rules apply (in addition to the Promotion Rules):
16.4.1 the wagering requirements for the Bonus will be set out in the promotion or competition rules;
16.4.2 you can only use the Bonus for placing wagers via this website and/or its associate mobile application;
16.4.3 you can only spend the Bonus after you have spent the cash in your account;
16.4.4 when placing a Wager that uses a combination of cash and Bonus funds, any winnings generated from that Wager will be credited proportionately to your cash and Bonus balances;
16.4.5 if you do not satisfy the minimum wagering requirements within the timescale specified (or if no period is specified, 30 days after the Bonus was added to your account) or seek to withdraw any funds prior to doing so, then the Bonus balance (including winnings from Bonus wagers) will be forfeited; and
16.4.6 if you have more than one active Bonus then the wagering requirements may be combined (as to wagering target and/or expiry). If in any doubt, please contact Customer Services for confirmation.
17 Can you close my account?
17.1. We may close, limit or suspend your account or cease providing our Services at any time and we will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of this in advance, other than where you have seriously breached the Terms of Use (in which case this may take effect without notice).
17.2. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you have engaged in any Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in section 23.3 below), we will suspend your account without notification, and your account will remain suspended while the matter is investigated. You agree to cooperate fully with any such investigation. Your funds cannot be accessed or withdrawn during periods of suspension, and any balance will remain in the account. We will use reasonable efforts to undertake our investigation within a reasonable period.
17.3. If our investigation results in our decision (acting reasonably) that the issue has been resolved to our satisfaction, we may lift the account suspension. If our investigation results in our decision (acting reasonably) that you have engaged in any Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in section 23.3 below), we will restrict or permanently close your account. In these circumstances, your details may be passed on to any applicable regulatory authority or any other relevant external third parties.
17.4. We may also from time to time be required by a competent authority to restrict, suspend, or close accounts for legal or regulatory reasons. Such restrictions, if applicable, may affect your use of your account.
17.5. If we close your account, any positive real money balance in your account at the time of such closure will be paid back to you, except that:
17.5.1. if you have engaged in illegal activity, we are under no obligation to refund to you any money that may be in your account; and
17.5.2. if we discover or determine (acting reasonably) that you have undertaken any Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in section 23.3 below) then we may withhold all or part of the account balance and/or recover from your account deposits, pay-outs, Bonuses, and/or any winnings that are attributable to the Prohibited Conduct.
17.6. If we close your account in accordance with section 17.3, all Wagers and Bonuses will be void.
18 How do I close my account?
18.1. You may close your account at any time by notifying us by contacting Customer Services. You remain responsible for all activity using your account until it is closed.
18.2. Unless we are entitled to withhold funds under the Terms of Use, any positive real money balance in your account at the time of such closure by you will be paid back to you.
19 Who owns this website, any associated app and their contents?
19.1. All copyright, trademarks, designs, text, photographs, videos, images and graphics, look and structure of our website and mobile applications, database rights and all other intellectual property rights relating to the Services and its contents (including the software) (“
Materials
”) are and will remain our or our licensors’ property.
19.2. Nothing contained in the Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring by implication any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right, copyright or other intellectual property that belongs to us or any third party.
19.3. You may not sell, assign, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorised use of the Services or Materials without our express prior written consent. Except as permitted by law, you must not de-compile, re-engineer or disassemble the Materials, nor attempt to interfere with their correct operation. You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter any copyright, patent, trade mark, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to Materials.
19.4. The Services and Materials are made available for your personal non-commercial use. Any other use by you is not permitted. No information which we or third parties provide via the Services is intended to amount to advice or recommendations and is provided for information purposes only.
19.5. Our Services may contain links and references to third party websites and resources, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the content of third party sites or resources, and we accept no liability for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The inclusion of a link to a third party website does not constitute our endorsement of that third party’s website, products or services (if applicable). We will not be a party to, or in any way be responsible for, monitoring any transaction between you and third party providers of products or services.
19.6. As part of our sports book offering, we make certain third party data services available to you, including but not limited to horse racing and greyhound data from the Press Association and live scores and statistics from Betradar (
“Third Party Data Services
”). In relation to the Third Party Data Services, you agree that:
19.6.1. they may only be used for your own personal use, and you will not distribute or commercially exploit them or any part of them;
19.6.2. your use of the Third Party Data Services is at your sole risk; and
19.6.3. neither we, nor our sports book provider (Kambi Sports Solutions (Alderney) Limited), the Press Association or any other third party data provider or any of their licensors give any warranty as to the accuracy of any data or that the supply of such data will be uninterrupted
20 What losses will you be liable to me for?
20.1. You accept that by using our Services there is a risk that you may lose money as well as win.
20.2. As a consumer, you have certain rights under law in respect of our provision of the Services (for example that we will provide the Services using reasonable care and skill). You have certain legal remedies if we breach any of these rights. Nothing in the Terms of Use will affect or undermine these legal rights or remedies.
20.3. Nothing in the Terms of Use is intended to, or will, exclude or limit our liability for fraud, death or personal injury resulting from our negligence, or any other liability which we may not limit or exclude under applicable law.
20.4. Subject to sections 20.2 and 20.3 above, we will not be responsible to you or any third party in any way, for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with:
20.4.1. indirect losses which are a side effect of the main damage and losses that were not foreseeable by you and us at the time you first accepted the Terms of Use;
20.4.2. business losses and/or losses to non-consumers (for example loss of business, loss of business information, business interruption and loss of profits or revenues);
20.4.3. losses resulting from third party services, equipment and devices that you use to access the Services;
20.4.4. any use by you of our Services in breach of the Terms of Use (including any Prohibited Conduct (as such term is defined in section 23.3 below) on your part);
20.4.5. any incomplete, lost or delayed transactions (including as a result of technical failure), other than to the extent caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill;
20.4.6. damage to your equipment (e.g. desktop, laptop, mobile, smartphone, tablet, games console or other internet-enabled device) or for any loss or corruption of data that results from your use of our Services, except that if any defective digital content that we have supplied to you damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation;
20.4.7. the accuracy, completeness or currency of any information services provided by us or third parties (including but not limited to prices, runners, times, results, live scores or general statistics);
20.4.8. any Error, Malfunction or Interruption (as such terms are defined in in section 11 above) other than to the extent caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill;
20.4.9. our closure or suspension of your account in accordance with the Terms of Use; or
20.4.10. failure or delay by us to provide the Services or to meet any of our obligations under the Terms of Use to the extent that such failure or delay results from events beyond our reasonable control. Events beyond our reasonable control include cyber-attack, fire, flood, storm, riot, earthquake, pandemic, epidemic, public utility failures, delays or disruptions of the internet or telecommunications networks, civil disturbance, war, nuclear accident, terrorist activity and acts of God.
20.5. Subject to sections 20.2 and 20.3 above, we do not promise that the Services will have uninterrupted availability or that they will be free of bugs, viruses or Errors. Access to the Services may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance, repair or for reasons beyond our reasonable control.
20.6. You accept that, in relation to time-critical gambling events, there is a risk that you may be at a disadvantage compared to other players because of technical issues such as slower network speeds, or slower end user device performance.
20.7. Subject to sections 20.2 and 20.3 above, and save in respect of any winnings properly due to you in accordance with the Terms of Use, our maximum liability to you is limited to the greater of:
20.7.1. where liability relates to a Wager (as such term is defined in section 9.1 above), the amount of the Wager;
20.7.2. where liability relates to the loss or misapplication of funds in your account with us, the amount that has been lost or misapplied; or
20.7.3. £1,000.
21 What safer gambling tools are available? How can I self-exclude?
21.1. We are committed to safer gambling and have a number of self-help features to help you manage your gambling.
21.2. Should you experience any issues controlling your gambling, we encourage you to use the features available, which include setting a net deposit limit and reality checks (such as an hourly reminder of time spent on the website), taking a temporary break from using the Services, and self-excluding and closing your account for a set period of time.
21.3. We urge caution with the use of ‘windfall’ amounts (such as a compensation payment, inheritance or pension pot). Where such a sum is needed to provide ongoing financial support, please do not gamble with it. Further details are available
here
.
21.4. There are many internet filtering software choices available, and you can view a selection of solutions, as recommended by GamCare, by visiting
https://www.gamcare.org.uk/self-help/blocking-software/
.
21.5. If you wish to take a temporary break from gambling using the Services, you can choose a break period from one day up to six weeks. You will not be able to access your account and you will be prevented from gambling until your break period has finished.
21.6. If you wish to self-exclude from gambling using the Services, it will be for a minimum of six months. You will not be able to access your account and you will be prevented from gambling. Your self-exclusion will apply to all of our websites and associated mobile apps. We will undertake reasonable checks to identify and block any accounts which we find under your name, date of birth and address, however you should notify us if an account may exist which does not match these exact details. Only once the requested period of self-exclusion has passed, may you apply for reinstatement.
21.7. Where you opt to self-exclude, we strongly recommend that you self-exclude from all other gambling operators you have an account with.
21.8. The take a break and self-exclusion features are available in the Responsible Gaming section of “My Account” or by contacting Customer Services.
21.9. During the period in which you take a break or are self-excluded, you must not attempt to re-open your account or try to open new accounts.
21.10. In addition to our own self–exclusion facility, we are registered with the self-exclusion service provided by The National Online Self Exclusion Scheme Limited (“
GAMSTOP
”). You can find out more details about GAMSTOP by visiting
www.gamstop.co.uk
.
21.11. Your GAMSTOP self-exclusion may take a number of days in order to become active with us. We will take all reasonable steps, whilst your GAMSTOP self-exclusion is “active”, to prevent you from accessing your online accounts, or opening new online accounts.
21.12. We can only enforce your GAMSTOP self-exclusion based on the information you provide to GAMSTOP during registration. You accept that GAMSTOP may not be as effective in circumstances where it has received inaccurate, incomplete and out-of-date information or where there are differences between account details. GAMSTOP may also not be as effective when you attempt to work around the exclusion measures GAMSTOP has put in place. It is your responsibility to provide truthful and accurate details to GAMSTOP, consistent with those which you use/have used to set up any online accounts with us.
21.13. Subject to sections 20.2 and 20.3 above, we will not be liable to you or any third party if, whilst you are self-excluded, you continue to gamble using our Services, and you accept that we have no responsibility or liability whatsoever if you continue to gamble or are able to gamble with us or any third party, where:
21.13.1. you have sought to circumvent a GAMSTOP self-exclusion by using different details or by registering additional accounts;
21.13.2. where you have changed any of the registration details or inputted your details in a different manner to the way they were registered as part of your self-exclusion agreement;
21.13.3. if you continue to gamble with us between your self-exclusion registration with GAMSTOP and us receiving notification and applying such self-exclusion on our Services;
21.13.4. where you have registered a new account when the GAMSTOP service is unavailable, inaccessible or not working properly for whatever reason;
21.13.5. where you have sought to take advantage of the GAMSTOP service being unavailable, inaccessible or not working properly; or
21.13.6. for any other reason outside of our reasonable control, including where the operating systems utilised by GAMSTOP fail to identify you and/or your online accounts as being subject to self-exclusion when you attempt to use our Services. Please also see GAMSTOP’s Terms of Use at: https://www.gamstop.co.uk/terms-of-use.
21.14. It is ultimately your own responsibility to uphold a self-exclusion, but we will use all reasonable efforts to stop you playing on the account from which you have excluded. However, despite these efforts by us, should you manage to open a new account by using different personal details of any kind, we will not be responsible for any losses you may subsequently incur as a result of your circumvention of the self-exclusion process, and we will withhold any winnings.
21.15. We will not pay out any winnings generated from deposits originating from a payment method we reasonably believe to belong to a member who is self-excluded from any account with us. Subject to our other rights and obligations under the Terms of Use, we may refund to you any amounts that you have erroneously deposited during a period of self-exclusion.
21.16. Click
here
for further information on Responsible Gambling.
22 How do you deal with fraud and cheating?
22.1. Fraudulent activity or cheating constitutes a serious breach of the Terms of Use. We consider fraudulent activity or cheating to include:
22.1.1. identity fraud;
22.1.2. payment fraud;
22.1.3. money laundering;
22.1.4. third party funding;
22.1.5. forgery;
22.1.6. using payment details that do not belong to you (including stolen or fraudulent payment details);
22.1.7. collusion with other individuals;
22.1.8. utilisation of software to gain an unfair advantage;
22.1.9. so-called ‘chip dumping’ (the act of intentionally losing chips or money to another player at the table);
22.1.10. exploitation of Errors, Malfunctions or Interruptions (as such terms are defined in section 11 above);
22.1.11. betting on fixed sporting events; and/or
22.1.12. misuse of non-public or inside information.
22.2. You may not in any way interfere, interrupt, attempt to interrupt, or attempt to manipulate the operation of our Services or the normal play of any of our products. In particular, you may not use or attempt to use any artificial intelligence, automated players (bots) or player assistance software. You agree to play personally via the interfaces made available by us only.
22.3. We strictly prohibit the use of any third party external player assistance programs or software ("
EPA Programs
") which are designed to provide an unfair advantage to customers. EPA Programs include computer software, websites, subscription services and non-software-based databases, systems or profiles which are used by customers in connection with our Services. An "unfair advantage" means any instance in which a customer accesses or compiles information on other customers (including the tracking of customers through the use of such automated software) beyond that which the customer has personally observed through the customer’s own game play (other than information or services provided to customers directly by us) and/or where a customer otherwise exploits or participates in the exploitation of a fault, loophole or error (including any Error, Malfunction or Interruption as such terms are defined in section 11 above) in our or any third party's software and uses it to the disadvantage of us, the game play or other customers.
22.4. You agree that we may take steps to detect and prevent the use of prohibited EPA Programs. These steps may include, but are not limited to, examination of software programs running concurrently with our software on your computer. You agree that you will not attempt to bypass, interfere with, or block such steps, including, without limitation, the use of third party software that bypasses, interferes with, or blocks such steps.
22.5 If you believe that another player is involved in any form of fraud, cheating or collusion in relation to our Services (whether through the use of EPA Programs or otherwise), you should report this to Customer Services.
23 What am I not allowed to do when using the Services?
23.1. You may only use the Services, including your account, for lawful gambling in accordance with the Terms of Use. You must not engage in any activity which we define below as a “
Prohibited Conduct
” and you acknowledge and understand that the consequences of you doing so may include the voiding of any relevant Wagers, the withholding of any winnings and Bonuses, and the suspension and/or closure of your account. You may also be liable to compensate us for losses suffered by us as a result of you engaging in Prohibited Conduct.
23.2. You agree that we may disclose any information relating to Prohibited Conduct (including your personal information) to the relevant authorities and other relevant parties (such as other gambling operators).
23.3. The following activities are each defined as “
Prohibited Conduct
”:
23.3.1. any form of fraudulent or illegal activity, cheating, or any other activity prohibited under section 22 above;
23.3.2. abuse of special offers or promotions. This includes where we know or reasonably suspect that you are taking unfair advantage of, or exploit or manipulate (or attempt to exploit or manipulate), any of the promotions, bonuses or special offers that we may offer on or via the Services;
23.3.3. if the name registered on your account does not match the name on the payment method used to make deposits to your account;
23.3.4. if you appear in our reasonable judgement to be depositing or withdrawing money or otherwise using the Services without genuine play;
23.3.5. if you are located in any territory in which the use of the Services is not legal or in jurisdictions from which we do not accept customers, including if you are using a VPN to disguise your location;
23.3.6. if we have received a “charge back” and/or a "return" notification via a deposit mechanism used on your account;
23.3.7. if you use the Services other than for your personal and recreational use;
23.3.8. if you provide incorrect or misleading information while registering for an account (except where you provide any incorrect or misleading information in order to pass relevant age-verification checks, which situation will be dealt with as described in section 7.4 above);
23.3.9. if you allow or enable someone else to use your account;
23.3.10. if you have deliberately or fraudulently opened or are using more than one account per Brand;
23.3.11. using the Services in any way that may lead to the encouragement, procurement or carrying out of any criminal or unlawful activity, or cause distress, harm or damage to any other person;
23.3.12. if we discover that you are accessing the Services in contravention of the laws of the country where you are located;
23.3.13. if you knowingly introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our websites, the servers on which our websites are stored, or any server computer or database connected to our websites or mobile applications;
23.3.14. if you infringe our rights (including intellectual property rights) or the rights of any other person;
23.3.15. if you make any statements or submit any material that is abusive, defamatory or discriminatory;
23.3.16. if you have more than one account with us at any one time with the same Brand; or
23.3.17. if you seriously breach the Terms of Use in some other way, including by any of those promises given by you at section 4.2 not being true or accurate or ceasing to be the case at any time.
23.4. You agree to compensate us for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by us arising from any Prohibited Conduct on your part.
24 What happens if I have a complaint? How are disputes determined?
24.1 If you wish to make a complaint regarding our Services, you should contact Customer Services.
24.2 All complaints are dealt with in accordance with our complaints policy, which you can find
here
.
24.3 Complaints should be notified to us as soon as possible and in any case within six (6) months of the relevant incident. Where you raise a complaint after the expiry of this six (6) month period, we have the right to reject the complaint. Owing to accessibility of technical logs, any complaint relating specifically to the functionality or settlement of a game or wager must be raised within seven (7) days to allow for a full and accurate investigation
24.4 You should also provide the Game ID and a screenshot of the game as it finished (as applicable) with any complaint notification, in order for us to assist you.
24.5 Customers who are dissatisfied with the outcome of a complaint may escalate the matter further as follows:
24.5.1 For GB residents you may contact an Alternative Dispute Resolution Service (ADR), a service provided by the Independent Betting Adjudication Service (IBAS) who may be contacted at
www.ibas-uk.com
.
24.5.2 For residents located outside of Great Britain you should contact the Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner, stating that you have a “regulatory complaint against Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited”. You will be asked to provide details of your complaint and complete the
Complaint Resolution Request Form
.
25 Do I need to download any software to use the Services?
25.1. For certain services we offer, you may need to download or use certain additional software, including software provided by third parties.
25.2. You may be required to enter into end user terms and conditions of use in order to make use of such software. You agree to be bound by the terms of any such agreement.
25.3. You shall not use (other than for its specified purpose), interfere with, copy, modify, decode, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate, convert or create derivative works from any software provided to you by us and/or any third party or attempt to do so.
26 Is there anything else I need to know?
26.1. The Terms of Use (together with the
Grosvenor One terms and conditions
if you are a Grosvenor One customer) form the entire terms and conditions between us and supersede all previous terms and conditions, communications and understandings.
26.2. No written or verbal declaration by any employee, contractor, worker, agent or licensor of the Rank Group shall be regarded as a variation or waiver of these Terms of Use or as an admission of any failure.
26.3. No failure or delay by us in exercising any of our rights shall prevent us from exercising such rights in the future.
26.4. If any term or condition of the Terms of Use is disallowed or found to be ineffective by any court or regulator, the other provisions shall continue to apply.
26.5. You may not assign, transfer, charge or otherwise deal in your rights under the Terms of Use without our prior written consent. We are entitled to assign, transfer, charge or otherwise deal in our rights under these Terms of Use as we see fit, but we’ll let you know if we plan to transfer our contract with you so that a different organisation is responsible for supplying the Services and you may close your account at any time in accordance with section 18.
26.6. Unless we have expressly stated otherwise, nothing in the Terms of Use shall create any rights or any other benefits in favour of any other person.
26.7. The Terms of Use are only available in the English language.
26.8. The Terms of Use are governed by, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales will have the exclusive right to settle any disputes that may arise in relation to the Terms of Use, meaning that if you wish to bring a claim against us you must do so through those courts. However, if you reside elsewhere in a Permitted Jurisdiction (as such term is defined in section 8.1 above), you still have the benefit of any applicable rights under the laws of, and the right to bring an action before the courts of, such jurisdiction.
Last updated on: 1 March 2025
Last reviewed: February 2025
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Strictly Necessary Only
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.grosvenorcasinos.com/static/privacy-policy:
RANK INTERACTIVE (GIBRALTAR) LIMITED PRIVACY NOTICE
General Terms & Conditions
Grosvenor One Account Terms
House Privacy Policy
1.    Introduction
This notice explains how we will use the personal data we collect about you. We encourage you to read this carefully and contact us using the details in section 1 if you have any questions.
Where we decide why or how your personal data is processed, we are the Data Controller and we have to tell you about the following:
What personal information we collect;
How we use that information;
Who we may share that information with; and
Your rights.
Our services contain hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties. These third-party websites will have their own privacy information and we recommend you look at them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit, or which are collected by cookies whilst visiting those websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for them and your use of them is at your own risk.
This notice was updated in October 2024. We will update it from time to time and if we make changes that could affect you, we’ll let you know beforehand.
1.    Introduction
2.    Collecting Information about you
3.    How and why we use your personal information
4.    Use of Special Category data
5.    Your consent preferences
6.    Sharing your information
7.    Your Rights
8.    How long do we keep your information
9.    Use of our service by children
10.    How do we keep your data safe
11.    Changes to this policy
1.1    Who are we?
These online services are provided by Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited, a company registered in Gibraltar under company number 120385, ("Rank", "we", "us" or "our" in this policy). We are registered as a Data Controller with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and details are published on a public register on the ICO website at
https://ico.org.uk/
.
We are part of The Rank Group Plc group of companies ('Rank Group') which operates gaming venues in Europe and digital gaming sites, including the Bella Casino, Enracha, Grosvenor Casino, Mecca Bingo and YoBingo brands and other associated and subsidiary companies.
1.2    Our Data Protection Officer
If you have any concerns about how your personal data is used or to exercise any of your rights, including submitting a subject access request, please contact us on the following:
Email:
dataprotection@rank.com
Post: Data Protection Officer, Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited, c/o TOR, Saint Cloud Way, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 BBN
2.    Collecting Information about you
We collect and process the following information which may include your personal data.
2.1    Information you provide to us
We collect information about you whenever you use our services. Some of it is provided directly, when you register for an account with us, deposit funds or play one of our games. Other information will be collected as you interact with us, such as requesting to join our mailing lists, taking part in market research or customer satisfaction surveys or dealing with our customer services team. We also collect information about the way you interact with us through our social media channels or chat functionality. Please note that calls to our support teams may be recorded.
We are required to comply with anti-money laundering and responsible gambling legislation so we will request proof of identity and source of funds information from you from time to time, which you must provide to us promptly.
This information will include your name, username, age, date of birth, gender, address, image, telephone number, e-mail address, password and other identity or source of funds information.
2.2    Information we collect from your device
We collect information from your device relating to the web address that you arrive from or click through to, pages viewed, page response times, download errors, the length of time you spend on certain pages, page interaction information such as scrolling, clicks, wagers, and methods used to browse away from our pages. We use Google Analytics and abide by the Google Analytics Terms of Service and relevant Google Analytics policies. For more information about this, please see our cookie policy.
We use technology to determine your current location, to verify your identity, ensure that your location is within our permitted territories and to display relevant advertisements and promotions to you.
This information includes your IP and MAC address, hardware model, operating system and version, browser type, time-zone and browser plug-in details.
2.3    Payment Information
For you to use all the functions of our services we collect payment information from you such as your payment card number (first 6 and last 4 digits) PayPal account, and bank account details.
2.4    Information collected from external companies
To help us comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, when you open an account with us, we obtain information from external companies to verify your identity, check your age or determine source of funds. This information is used to reduce risk or prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
Our providers may check the details we supply against any information they hold on any database (public or otherwise) to which they have access. They may also use your details in the future to assist other companies for verification purposes. A record of the search will be retained and may appear as a soft search on your credit file.
The service providers we use for these purposes include but are not limited to:
C6 Intelligence Information Systems
Experian GB Group
Kroll Associates
Where a customer self-excludes through the Gamstop national self-exclusion scheme, we will receive a notification of this, which will only be used to ensure their wish to self-exclude is applied across our sites and app as appropriate. We may subscribe to additional self-exclusion schemes in future and will update this policy accordingly.
2.5    Affordability – what we use the data for
In ensure that your details are up to date, we may supplement the information we hold about you with data from companies such as GB Group or Royal Mail that collate and update address and household information for a range of sources. We will only work with companies that obtain this data in compliance with data protection legislation. This data will not be used to market to you without your prior consent.
To understand more about how we use your personal information to determine your affordability profile, please
click here
.
2.6    Publicly Available Information
We must comply with legal obligations to promote responsible gambling, consider our customers financial ability to gamble and prevent our services from being used for illegal purposes. If we identify activity on your account that could present a risk or we believe you have provided false information, we will look at publicly available information about you such as social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc.) property ownership details, the electoral roll, Companies House and insolvency registers to verify the information provided to us.
3.    How and why we use your personal information
3.1    To Provide the Services to You
We will use information about you for delivering our service under the agreement between us, including responding to your enquiries; to contact you about matters requiring your attention and providing you with a responsible gaming environment. We may use third parties to assist us with this.
Financial transactions are handled through our payment services providers, who will have access to your payment information.
The service providers we use for these purposes may Include:
Safecharge International
Worldpay
Barclays
Paysafe Group
Paypal
To provide games to you, we share your user ID, country code, username, full name, date of birth and gender with third-party games providers.
For more information about these service providers, please contact us using the details in section 1.
3.2    To Prevent Fraud and Illegal Activity
We process personal data for our legitimate interests of ensuring that your use of our online services Is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
We may use third party providers to assist us with this. To do so they may check the details we supply against any particulars held on any database (public or otherwise) to which they have access. They may also use your details in the future to assist other companies for verification purposes. A record of the search will be retained.
The service providers we use for these purposes may include but are not limited to:
C6 Intelligence Information Systems
Experian
GB Group
3.3    To personalise our Services
We will use information about you (in particular, how you use our services), to optimise and tailor our services to you and allow us to cater to your preferences. This may mean that when you are accessing our website through your account, the website looks different than when another person accesses it through their account.
We process personal data in this way for the legitimate interests of ensuring that you and other users have the best experience when using our services.
3.4    Marketing
Direct Marketing: We might send you marketing e-mails about products or services which are similar to or related to those available via our online services, or contact you by phone, SMS or post. We do this in our legitimate Interest of marketing our business and we only do this in accordance with the laws relating to marketing directly to individuals.
Group Marketing: With your consent, we may use various forms of marketing to provide you with promotional materials about the services of other companies in the Rank Group.
Targeted Marketing: We use the information we collect about you to serve you targeted advertisements via our own channels (i.e. our websites, apps, display advertising) and third-party channels, including across multiple devices or browsers. We do this in our legitimate interest of marketing our business and to provide you with more relevant advertising content.
The third-party channels we use for these purposes may include:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Snapchat
Google Bing
App Store
Affiliate networks and partner channels
Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and near field communication
We may use third-party providers to assist us with our marketing. To re-set your consent preferences at any time please see section 5.
3.5    To Understand how our Services are used
We process information to understand how visitors use our website and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our services, and providing a better and more personalised experience to our users.
We use third party analytics providers who may include:
Adobe
Tealium
Optimisely
Optimove
Monetate
DoubleClick
Google Services
Decibel Insights
We may also invite you to take part in a market research project either to understand our own products and services or as part of an industry research project to understand customer behaviours. There is no requirement for you to take part in this research and if we use third parties to carry out the research on our behalf, they will provide you with an information notice explaining how your data will be used.
4.    Use of Special Category data
On occasion you may provide us directly or indirectly, with information about your physical or mental health or situation and talk to us about problems with gambling. We recognise that this is sensitive information and will only use it to provide you with the support you have asked for or to signpost you to appropriate sources of help. We will also share this information with other companies within Rank Group to ensure that you are provided with the appropriate support.
You may indirectly provide us with other sensitive information about yourself such as nationality or ethnicity through the identity verification process. We will only ask for this information where we are required to do so to meet a legal or regulatory requirement and will not use it for any other purpose without your permission.
5.    Your consent preferences
From time to time, you will be asked if you would like to consent to your information being used for specific purposes, including marketing. Please note that we will continue to send you information about your account and other service messages even if you do not provide consent for marketing.
If you wish to alter your consent preferences at any time you can do so in the My Account section of this site or by contacting us using the details in section 1.  It may take us a short time to action these preferences.
6.    Sharing your information
We share your Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. If you would like to find out more about how the third parties listed in this policy use your Information, this should be set out in their respective privacy policies.
We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to our personnel, other companies within the Rank Group, suppliers, or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. We carry out checks to ensure that the companies we work with will provide the same level of safeguards to protect your data as we do, and we put contractual measures in place to reinforce those obligations.
In addition to the third parties already listed in this policy, examples of the types of third parties we work with are:
IT companies who support our IT systems;
Direct Marketing companies that help us deliver our service to you;
Data insight companies to help us ensure your details are correct and up to date; and
Third party sites such as Google and Facebook which might advertise our services.
We may disclose your information where we are required to do so by law. This may include to the police, or other law enforcement agencies, the courts, statutory authorities and sporting bodies (in connection with sporting integrity issues).  Where necessary, we will share personal data with our regulators or external legal advisors in order to protect or defend our rights and interests.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
We share some of your personal data, including your name, date of birth and address with a Credit Reference Agency (TransUnion) so that we can carry out an affordability check on you, in certain circumstances. This check may leave a search footprint, but please note that this will not affect your credit score. For any further information about how TransUnion holds and uses your information please click here:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal-information/bureau-privacy-notice
We will ensure that we only share your data legally and with due regard to your privacy. Any request from law enforcement or other statutory bodies will only be fulfilled with a warrant, court order or other legally valid proof of authority.
6.1    Sending Personal Information outside of the UK or Europe
Some of our providers are based outside or carry out their activities outside of the UK or European Economic Area (EEA). In order to protect your information, unless the country has been deemed to provide an appropriate level of protection for Personal Data by the ICO, we will put in place additional legal protection through the use of standard data protection (model) clauses and other legal mechanisms. This is to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data.
7.    Your Rights
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you. We aim to respond without undue delay, and within one month at the latest. To make a request, please see our contact details at section 1.
7.1    Ask for a copy of your data and have inaccuracies corrected
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. We will use reasonable efforts to the extent required by law to supply, correct personal information held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to). If your request is unusually complex and likely to take longer than a month, we will let you know as soon as we can and tell you how long we think it will take.
There are occasional situations where data protection law requires or permits us to withhold some information (such as where it would involve disclosing information about someone else or information that is commercially sensitive) or permits us to charge for the information requested. If these circumstances apply, we will explain this to you.
7.2    Object to us processing your data or ask for your data to be deleted
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data if:
You consented to Rank Group processing the personal data and have withdrawn that consent.
Rank Group no longer needs to process that personal data for the reason it was collected.
Rank Group is processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or to pursue a legitimate interest of Rank Group, you don’t agree with that processing, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it.
The personal data was unlawfully processed; or
You need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with a legal obligation.
If we are unable to carry out your request, we will explain it to you. Please be aware that in exercising these rights, you will need to close your account with us and stop using our services. If you are unhappy with our decision on this, you have the right to complain to the ICO.
7.3    Obtain a machine-readable copy of your data, which you can use with another service provider
If we are processing data to perform our obligations to you, or because you consented, if that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, Rank Group will supply you with the relevant personal data in CSV format. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
7.4    Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority, which for UK customers is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
8.    How long do we keep your information
We will cease use of your data for marketing purposes no more than two years after your last transaction with us. We typically retain your data for seven years from when our relationship ends to satisfy our regulatory obligations, including anti-money laundering regulations. If we hold any information relating to problem gambling matters or any suspension or termination of your account, we may hold this for a longer period, as we reasonably deem necessary.
9.    Use of our service by children
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, they should contact us at data.protection@rank.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
10.     How do we keep your data safe
We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss or misuse of your personal information. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
11.    Changes to this policy
We will notify you of any significant changes to this policy by email, notice on the site or by account message.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Strictly Necessary Only
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label