Privacy Policy
With the following privacy policy we would like to inform you which types of
your personal data (hereinafter also abbreviated as “data”) we process for
which purposes and in which scope. The privacy statement applies to all
processing of personal data carried out by us, both in the context of
providing our services and in particular on our websites, in mobile
applications and within external online presences, such as our social media
profiles (hereinafter collectively referred to as “online services”).
The terms used are not gender-specific.
Last Update: 2. July 2020
Controller
41Publishing GmbH
Bismarckstraße 32
71229 Leonberg
hello@downtown-mag.com
represented by Robin Schmitt & Max-Philip Schmitt entered in the
Commercial Register of Stuttgart Local Court under HRB 738884
Contact information of the data protection officer
ecolaw.de Gesellschaft für Datensicherheit & Datenschutz mbH represented
by the Managing Director Herrn Florian König Roseggerstraße 1 D-38440
Wolfsburg Tel. +49 (0)5361 27 29 293 Fax +49 (0)5361 27 29 296 Datenschutz (a)
ecolaw.de
www.ecolaw.de
registered in the Commercial Register of Braunschweig Local Court under HRB
203444
Overview of processing operations
The following table summarises the types of data processed, the purposes for
which they are processed and the concerned data subjects.
Categories of Processed Data
Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses).
Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos).
Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers).
Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times).
Categories of Data Subjects
Prospective customers.
Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).
Participants in sweepstakes and competitions.
Purposes of Processing
Provision of our online services and usability.
Conversion Tracking.
Content Delivery Network (CDN).
Direct marketing (e.g. by e-mail or postal).
Conducting sweepstakes and contests.
Feedback (e.g. collecting feedback via online form).
Interest-based and behavioral marketing.
contact requests and communication.
Conversion tracking (Measurement of the effectiveness of marketing
activities).
Profiling (Creating user profiles).
Remarketing.
Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors).
Security measures.
Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies).
Contractual services and support.
Managing and responding to inquiries.
Legal Bases for the Processing
In the following we inform you about the legal basis of the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), on the basis of which we process personal data.
Please note that, in addition to the regulations of the GDPR, the national
data protection regulations may apply in your country or in our country of
residence or domicile. If, in addition, more specific legal bases are
applicable in individual cases, we will inform you of these in the data
protection declaration.
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR)
– The data subject has
given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more
specific purposes.
Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b)
GDPR)
– Performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order
to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a
contract.
Pprotection of vital interests (Article 6 (1) (d) GDPR)
–
Processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data
subject or of another natural person.
Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
– Processing
is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the
controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden
by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject
which require protection of personal data.
National data protection regulations in Germany
: In addition
to the data protection regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation,
national regulations apply to data protection in Germany. This includes in
particular the Law on Protection against Misuse of Personal Data in Data
Processing (Federal Data Protection Act – BDSG). In particular, the BDSG
contains special provisions on the right to access, the right to erase, the
right to object, the processing of special categories of personal data,
processing for other purposes and transmission as well as automated individual
decision-making, including profiling. Furthermore, it regulates data
processing for the purposes of the employment relationship (§ 26 BDSG), in
particular with regard to the establishment, execution or termination of
employment relationships as well as the consent of employees. Furthermore,
data protection laws of the individual federal states may apply.
Security Precautions
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures in accordance with
the legal requirements, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of
implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as
well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and
freedoms of natural persons, in order to ensure a level of security
appropriate to the risk.
The measures include, in particular, safeguarding the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of data by controlling physical and electronic
access to the data as well as access to, input, transmission, securing and
separation of the data. In addition, we have established procedures to ensure
that data subjects’ rights are respected, that data is erased, and that we are
prepared to respond to data threats rapidly. Furthermore, we take the
protection of personal data into account as early as the development or
selection of hardware, software and service providers, in accordance with the
principle of privacy by design and privacy by default.
Transmission and Disclosure of Personal Data
In the context of our processing of personal data, it may happen that the data
is transferred to other places, companies or persons or that it is disclosed
to them. Recipients of this data may include, for example, payment
institutions within the context of payment transactions, service providers
commissioned with IT tasks or providers of services and content that are
embedded in a website. In such a case, the legal requirements will be
respected and in particular corresponding contracts or agreements, which serve
the protection of your data, will be concluded with the recipients of your
data.
Data Processing in Third Countries
If we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU),
the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context
of the use of third party services or disclosure or transfer of data to other
persons, bodies or companies, this will only take place in accordance with the
legal requirements.
Subject to express consent or transfer required by contract or law, we process
or have processed the data only in third countries with a recognised level of
data protection, which includes US processors certified under the “Privacy
Shield” or on the basis of special guarantees, such as a contractual
obligation through so-called standard protection clauses of the EU Commission,
the existence of certifications or binding internal data protection
regulations (Article 44 to 49 GDPR, information page of the EU Commission:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en).
Use of Cookies
Cookies are text files that contain data from visited websites or domains and
are stored by a browser on the user’s computer. A cookie is primarily used to
store information about a user during or after his visit within an online
service. The information stored can include, for example, the language
settings on a website, the login status, a shopping basket or the location
where a video was viewed. The term “cookies” also includes other technologies
that fulfil the same functions as cookies (e.g. if user information is stored
using pseudonymous online identifiers, also referred to as “user IDs”).
The following types and functions of cookies are distinguished:
Temporary cookies (also: session cookies):
Temporary
cookies are deleted at the latest after a user has left an online service
and closed his browser.
Permanent cookies:
Permanent cookies remain stored even
after closing the browser. For example, the login status can be saved or
preferred content can be displayed directly when the user visits a website
again. The interests of users who are used for range measurement or
marketing purposes can also be stored in such a cookie.
First-Party-Cookies
: First-Party-Cookies are set by
ourselves.
Third party cookies
: Third party cookies are mainly used by
advertisers (so-called third parties) to process user information.
Necessary (also: essential) cookies:
Cookies can be
necessary for the operation of a website (e.g. to save logins or other user
inputs or for security reasons).
Statistics, marketing and personalisation cookies
: Cookies
are also generally used to measure a website’s reach and when a user’s
interests or behaviour (e.g. viewing certain content, using functions, etc.)
are stored on individual websites in a user profile. Such profiles are used,
for example, to display content to users that corresponds to their potential
interests. This procedure is also referred to as “tracking”, i.e. tracking
the potential interests of users. . If we use cookies or “tracking”
technologies, we will inform you separately in our privacy policy or in the
context of obtaining consent.
Information on legal basis:
The legal basis on which we
process your personal data with the help of cookies depends on whether we ask
you for your consent. If this applies and you consent to the use of cookies,
the legal basis for processing your data is your declared consent. Otherwise,
the data processed with the help of cookies will be processed on the basis of
our legitimate interests (e.g. in a business operation of our online service
and its improvement) or, if the use of cookies is necessary to fulfill our
contractual obligations.
Retention period:
Unless we provide you with explicit
information on the retention period of permanent cookies (e.g. within the
scope of a so-called cookie opt-in), please assume that the retention period
can be as long as two years.
General information on Withdrawal of consent and objection (Opt-Out):
Respective of whether processing is based on consent or legal permission, you
have the option at any time to object to the processing of your data using
cookie technologies or to revoke consent (collectively referred to as
“opt-out”). You can initially explain your objection using the settings of
your browser, e.g. by deactivating the use of cookies (which may also restrict
the functionality of our online services). An objection to the use of cookies
for online marketing purposes can be raised for a large number of services,
especially in the case of tracking, via the websites
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com.
In addition, you can receive further information on objections in the context
of the information on the used service providers and cookies.
Processing Cookie Data on the Basis of Consent
: Before we
process or have processed data within the context of the usage of cookies, we
ask the users for their consent, which can be revoked at any time. Before the
consent has not been given, we may use cookies that are necessary for the
operation of our online services.
Processed data types:
Usage data (e.g. websites visited,
interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device
information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services).
Legal Basis:
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate
Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Provision of online services and web hosting
In order to provide our online services securely and efficiently, we use the
services of one or more web hosting providers from whose servers (or servers
they manage) the online services can be accessed. For these purposes, we may
use infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space
and database services, as well as security and technical maintenance services.
The data processed within the framework of the provision of the hosting
services may include all information relating to the users of our online
services that is collected in the course of use and communication. This
regularly includes the IP address, which is necessary to be able to deliver
the contents of online services to browsers, and all entries made within our
online services or from websites.
Collection of Access Data and Log Files
: We, ourselves or our
web hosting provider, collect data on the basis of each access to the server
(so-called server log files). Server log files may include the address and
name of the web pages and files accessed, the date and time of access, data
volumes transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and
version, the user’s operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited
page) and, as a general rule, IP addresses and the requesting provider.
The server log files can be used for security purposes, e.g. to avoid
overloading the servers (especially in the case of abusive attacks, so-called
DDoS attacks) and to ensure the stability and optimal load balancing of the
servers .
Content-Delivery-Network
: We use a so-called “Content
Delivery Network” (CDN). A CDN is a service with whose help contents of our
online services, in particular large media files, such as graphics or scripts,
can be delivered faster and more securely with the help of regionally
distributed servers connected via the Internet.
Processed data types:
Content data (e.g. text input,
photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in
content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP
addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services).
Purposes of Processing:
Content Delivery Network (CDN).
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Services and service providers being used:
The cloud infrastructure of our website is operated by Amazon Web Services,
Inc. (Part of
Amazon.com
, Inc. 2021 Seventh
Ave, Seattle, Washington 98121, USA) and managed by Palely (4729 E. Sunrise
Dr. Suite 435, Tucson, Arizona 85718, USA). The server is located in Frankfurt
am Main, Germany. Both Amazon and Pagely are certified under the Privacy
Shield Agreement and thus offer a guarantee to comply with European data
protection law. (Amazon certificate, Pagely certificate). Detailed information
on the processed data and the subject of data protection can be found in
Amazon’s
and
Pagely’s
data
protection declarations.
For our e-mails we use a server operated by
ALL-INKL.COM
– Neue Medien Münnich
(Hauptstraße 68, 02742 Friedersdorf, Germany). For more information, please
refer to the
privacy policy of ALL-INKL.COM
.
Blogs and publication media
We use blogos or comparable means of online communication and publication
(hereinafter “publication medium”). Readers’ data will only be processed for
the purposes of the publication medium to the extent necessary for its
presentation and communication between authors and readers or for security
reasons. For the rest, we refer to the information on the processing of
visitors to our publication medium within the scope of this privacy policy.
Comment subscriptions
: When users leave comments or other
contributions, their IP addresses may be stored based on our legitimate
interests. This is done for our safety, if someone leaves illegal contents
(insults, forbidden political propaganda, etc.) in comments and contributions.
In this case, we ourselves can be prosecuted for the comment or contribution
and are therefore interested in the author’s identity.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to process user data for the purpose of spam
detection on the basis of our legitimate interests.
On the same legal basis, in the case of surveys, we reserve the right to store
the IP addresses of users for the duration of the surveys and to use cookies
in order to avoid multiple votes.
The personal information provided in the course of comments and contributions,
any contact and website information as well as the content information will be
stored permanently by us until the user objects.
Gravatar Profile Pictures
: We use the service Gravatar within
our on-line offer and in particular in the Blog.
Gravatar is a service where users can register and store profile pictures and
their e-mail addresses. If users leave contributions or comments with the
respective e-mail address on other online presences (especially in blogs),
their profile pictures can be displayed next to the contributions or comments.
For this purpose, the e-mail address provided by the users is transmitted to
Gravatar in encrypted form for the purpose of checking whether a profile is
stored for it. This is the only purpose of transmitting the email address and
it will not be used for other purposes, but deleted thereafter.
The use of Gravatar is based on our legitimate interests, as we use Gravatar
to offer authors of contributions and comments the opportunity to personalize
their contributions with a profile picture.
By displaying the images, Gravatar knows the IP address of the user, as this
is necessary for communication between a browser and an online service.
If users do not want a user image linked to their e-mail address to appear in
the comments at Gravatar, they should use an e-mail address which is not
stored at Gravatar for commenting. We would also like to point out that it is
also possible to use an anonymous e-mail address or no e-mail address at all
if users do not wish their own e-mail address to be sent to Gravatar. Users
can completely prevent the transmission of data by not using our comment
system.
Processed data types:
Inventory data (e.g. names,
addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data
(e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited,
interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device
information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services).
Purposes of Processing:
Contractual services and support,
Feedback (e.g. collecting feedback via online form), Security measures,
Managing and responding to inquiries, Provision of our online services and
usability.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract and prior requests
(Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR),
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Pprotection of vital interests (Article 6
(1) (d) GDPR).
Services and service providers being used:
Gravatar Profile Pictures:
Profile Pictures; Service
provider: Automattic Inc., 60 29th Street #343, San Francisco, CA 94110,
USA; Website:
https://automattic.com
;
Privacy Policy:
https://automattic.com/privacy
;
Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000CbqcAAC&status=Active
.
Contacting us
When contacting us (e.g. by contact form, e-mail, telephone or via social
media), the data of the inquiring persons are processed insofar as this is
necessary to answer the contact enquiries and any requested activities.
The response to contact enquiries within the framework of contractual or
pre-contractual relationships is made in order to fulfil our contractual
obligations or to respond to (pre)contractual enquiries and otherwise on the
basis of the legitimate interests in responding to the enquiries.
Processed data types:
Inventory data (e.g. names,
addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data
(e.g. text input, photographs, videos).
Data subjects:
Communication partner (Recipients of
e-mails, letters, etc.).
Purposes of Processing:
contact requests and communication.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract and prior requests
(Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
CRM system Reamaze
We use the CRM system “
Reamaze
“, from
Lantirn, Inc. 920 Saratoga Ave, Suite 213, San Jose, CA 95129, USA, in order
to process user inquiries faster and more efficiently (legitimate interest
according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR). There is an order processing
contract pursuant to Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 GDPR. Requests to our public e-mail
addresses are processed with Reamaze.
Lantirn Inc. is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement
and thus offers an additional guarantee of compliance with European data
protection law.
Lantirn uses the user data only for technical processing of the enquiries and
does not pass them on to third parties. The use of Reamaze requires at least a
valid e-mail address. Pseudonymous use is possible. During the processing of
service requests, it may be necessary to collect further data (name, address).
The use of Reamaze is optional and serves to improve and accelerate our
customer and user service.
If users do not agree to the collection and storage of data on Reamaze’s
external system, we offer alternative ways of contacting us via e-mail at
no-reamaze@downtown-mag.com
, phone or mail.
For more information please refer to Reamaze’s
privacy policy
.
Newsletter and Broadcast Communication
We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic communications (hereinafter
referred to as “newsletters”) only with the consent of the recipient or a
legal permission. Insofar as the contents of the newsletter are specifically
described within the framework of registration, they are decisive for the
consent of the user. Otherwise, our newsletters contain information about our
services and us.
Double opt-in procedure:
The registration to our newsletter
takes place in general in a so-called Double-Opt-In procedure. This means that
you will receive an e-mail after registration asking you to confirm your
registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no one can register with
external e-mail addresses.
The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove
the registration process according to the legal requirements. This includes
storing the login and confirmation times as well as the IP address. Likewise
the changes of your data stored with the dispatch service provider are logged.
Deletion and restriction of processing:
We may store the
unsubscribed email addresses for up to three years based on our legitimate
interests before deleting them to provide evidence of prior consent. The
processing of these data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense
against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at any time,
provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time.
In the case of an obligation to permanently observe an objection, we reserve
the right to store the e-mail address solely for this purpose in a blacklist.
Information on legal bases:
The sending of the newsletter is
based on the consent of the recipients or, if consent is not required, on the
basis of our legitimate interests in direct marketing. Insofar as we engage a
service provider for sending e-mails, this is done on the basis of our
legitimate interests. The registration procedure is recorded on the basis of
our legitimate interests for the purpose of demonstrating that it has been
conducted in accordance with the law.
Contents:
Information about us, our services, promotions and
offers.
Analysis and performance measurement
: The newsletters contain
a so-called “web-beacon”, i.e. a pixel-sized file, which is retrieved from our
server when the newsletter is opened or, if we use a mailing service provider,
from its server. Within the scope of this retrieval, technical information
such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP
address and time of retrieval are first collected.
This information is used for the technical improvement of our newsletter on
the basis of technical data or target groups and their reading behaviour on
the basis of their retrieval points (which can be determined with the help of
the IP address) or access times. This analysis also includes determining
whether newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are
clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the
individual newsletter recipients. It is, however, neither our endeavour nor,
if used, that of the shipping service provider to observe individual users.
The evaluations serve us much more to recognize the reading habits of our
users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according
to the interests of our users.
The evaluation of the newsletter and the measurement of success is carried
out, subject to the express consent of the user, on the basis of our
legitimate interests for the purposes of using a user-friendly and secure
newsletter system which serves both our business interests and the
expectations of the user.
A separate objection to the performance measurement is unfortunately not
possible, in this case the entire newsletter subscription must be cancelled or
objected to.
Processed data types:
Inventory data (e.g. names,
addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers),
Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Usage data
(e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times).
Data subjects:
Communication partner (Recipients of
e-mails, letters, etc.).
Purposes of Processing:
Direct marketing (e.g. by e-mail or
postal).
Legal Basis:
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate
Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Opt-Out:
You can cancel the receipt of our newsletter at
any time, i.e. revoke your consent or object to further receipt. You will
find a link to cancel the newsletter either at the end of each newsletter or
you can otherwise use one of the contact options listed above, preferably
e-mail.
Newsletter – ConvertKit
Our newsletter is distributed by “ConvertKit”, a newsletter-mailing platform
of the US provider
ConvertKit
, LLC, 505
W. Broad Street #602, Boise, ID 83702, P.O. Box 761, Boise, Idaho 83701, USA.
Their privacy policy can be
viewed here
.
ConvertKit is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement
and thus offers a guarantee to comply with the European data protection
standards. The mailing service provider is assigned on the basis of our
legitimate interests in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR and an Order
Processing Agreement in accordance with Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 GDPR.
The mailing service provider may use the data of the recipients in
pseudonymous form, i.e. without assignment to a user, to optimise or improve
their own services, e.g. for the technical optimisation of shipping and the
presentation of newsletters or for statistical purposes. However, the service
does not use the recipient data of our newsletter to approach recipients
directly nor do they pass the information on to third parties.
Commercial communication by E-Mail, Postal Mail, Fax or Telephone
We process personal data for the purposes of promotional communication, which
may be carried out via various channels, such as e-mail, telephone, post or
fax, in accordance with the legal requirements.
The recipients have the right to withdraw their consent at any time or to
object to the advertising communication at any time.
After withdrawal or objection, we may store the data required to prove consent
for up to three years on the basis of our legitimate interests before we
delete them. The processing of these data is limited to the purpose of a
possible defense against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at
any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is affirmed.
Processed data types:
Inventory data (e.g. names,
addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers).
Data subjects:
Communication partner (Recipients of
e-mails, letters, etc.).
Purposes of Processing:
Direct marketing (e.g. by e-mail or
postal).
Legal Basis:
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate
Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Sweepstakes and Contests
We process the personal data of participants in We process personal data of
participants in competitions, contents, raffles, prize-draws or sweepstakes
(hereinafter referred to as “competitions”) only in compliance with the
relevant data protection regulations and if the processing is contractually
necessary for the provision, execution and handling of the competition, the
participants have consented to the processing or the processing serves our
legitimate interests (e.g. in the security of the competition or the
protection of our interests against misuse by possible recording of IP
addresses when submitting entries to the competition.
In the event that entries are published as part of the competitions (e.g. as
part of a vote or presentation of the competition entries, or the winner or
reporting on the competition), we would like to point out that the names of
participants may also be published in this context. The participants can
object to this at any time.
If the competitions take place within an online platform or a social network
(e.g. Facebook or Instagram, hereinafter referred to as “online platform”),
the usage and data protection provisions of the respective online platforms
also apply. In such cases, we would like to point out that we are responsible
for the information provided by the participants as part of the competition
and that we must be contacted with regard to the competitions.
The data of the participants will be deleted as soon as the competition has
ended and the data is no longer required to inform the winners or because
questions about the competition can be expected. In general, the data of the
participants will be deleted at the latest 6 months after the end of the
competition. Winners’ data can be retained for a longer period of time, e.g.
in order to answer questions about the prizes or to fulfil the prizes; in this
case, the retention period depends on the type of prize and is up to three
years for items or services, e.g. in order to be able to process warranty
claims. Furthermore, the participants’ data may be stored for longer, e.g. in
the form of coverage of the competition in online and offline media.
Insofar as data was collected for other purposes as part of the competition,
its processing and storage period shall be governed by the privacy information
for this use (e.g. in the case of registration for a newsletter as part of a
competition).
Processed data types:
Inventory data (e.g. names,
addresses), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos).
Data subjects:
Participants in sweepstakes and
competitions.
Purposes of Processing:
Conducting sweepstakes and
contests.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract and prior requests
(Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
Surveys and Questionnaires
For the execution of surveys and competitions (especially our annual reader
survey) we primarily use the service “
Typeform
” of TYPEFORM S.L. (Carrer Bac de Roda, 163, 08018 Barcelona), Spain. You can
view the service provider’s
privacy policy here
. The
service provider is assigned on the basis of our legitimate interests in
accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR and an Order Processing Agreement in
accordance with Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 GDPR.
In addition to the answers to the questions of the survey, access data (e.g.
the processing time of the survey) is also stored. Access data includes the
name of the requested website, file, date and time of access, amount of data
transferred, report whether the site was successfully retrieved, browser type
and version, the user’s operating system, the referrer URL (the site visited
before coming to our site), the user’s IP address, and the requesting internet
service provider. The access data is already transferred to Typeform when the
survey is called up; the answers are not transferred until the survey is sent.
Further information on the data collected can be found in Typeform’s data
protection regulations and in the conditions of participation of the
respective survey.
Information on legal basis:
If we ask the participants for
their consent to the processing of their data, this is the legal basis for the
processing, otherwise the processing of the participants’ data is based on our
legitimate interests in conducting an objective survey.
Processed data types:
Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone
numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data
(e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times),
Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
Communication partner (Recipients of
e-mails, letters, etc.), Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online
services).
Purposes of Processing:
contact requests and communication,
Direct marketing (e.g. by e-mail or postal), Targeting (e.g. profiling based
on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Feedback (e.g. collecting
feedback via online form).
Legal Basis:
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate
Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Web Analysis and Optimization
Web analysis is used to evaluate the visitor traffic on our website and may
include the behaviour, interests or demographic information of users, such as
age or gender, as pseudonymous values. With the help of web analysis we can
e.g. recognize, at which time our online services or their functions or
contents are most frequently used or requested for repeatedly, as well as
which areas require optimization.
In addition to web analysis, we can also use test procedures, e.g. to test and
optimize different versions of our online services or their components.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles can be created and stored in a
file (so-called “cookie”) or similar procedures in which the relevant user
information for the aforementioned analyses is stored. This information may
include, for example, content viewed, web pages visited and elements and
technical data used there, such as the browser used, computer system used and
information on times of use. If users have consented to the collection of
their location data, these may also be processed, depending on the provider.
The IP addresses of the users are also stored. However, we use any existing IP
masking procedure (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP address) to
protect the user. In general, within the framework of web analysis, A/B
testing and optimisation, no user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) is
stored, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as well as the providers of the
software used, do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the
information stored in their profiles for the purposes of the respective
processes.
Information on legal basis:
If we ask the users for their
consent to the use of third party providers, the legal basis of the processing
is consent. Furthermore, the processing can be a component of our
(pre)contractual services, provided that the use of the third party was agreed
within this context. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the basis of
our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in efficient, economic and recipient
friendly services). In this context, we would also like to refer you to the
information on the use of cookies in this privacy policy.
VG Word / Scalable Central measurement method
: We use
“session cookies” from VG Wort, Munich, to measure access to texts in order to
determine the probability of their being copied. Session cookies are small
units of information that a provider stores in the main memory of the
visitor’s computer. A randomly generated unique identification number, a
so-called session ID, is stored in a session cookie. In addition, a cookie
contains information about its origin and the period of storage. Session
cookies cannot store other data. These measurements are carried out by Kantar
Germany GmbH according to the Scalable Central Measuring Method (SZM). They
help to determine the copy probability of individual texts for remuneration of
legal claims of authors and publishers. We do not collect personal data via
cookies.
With the Scalable Central Measurement Method, anonymous measurement values are
collected. The access number measurement uses alternatively a session cookie
or a signature, which is created from various automatically transmitted
information of your browser, for the recognition of computer systems. IP
addresses are only processed in anonymised form. The procedure was developed
in compliance with data protection. The sole aim of the procedure is to
determine the probability of individual texts being copied. At no time are
individual users identified. Their identity always remains protected. USers
will not receive any advertising via the system.
Processed data types:
Usage data (e.g. websites visited,
interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device
information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services).
Purposes of Processing:
Web Analytics (e.g. access
statistics, recognition of returning visitors), Targeting (e.g. profiling
based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Conversion Tracking,
Profiling (Creating user profiles).
Security measures:
IP Masking (Pseudonymization of the IP
address).
Legal Basis:
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate
Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Services and service providers being used:
VG Word / Scalable Central measurement method:
VG Word /
Scalable Central measurement method; Service provider:
Verwertungsgesellschaft WORT (VG WORT), Untere Weidenstraße 5, 81543 Munich,
Germany; Website:
https://www.vgwort.de
;
Privacy Policy:
https://www.vgwort.de/hilfsseiten/datenschutz.html
.
Onlinemarketing
We process personal data for the purposes of online marketing, which may
include in particular the marketing of advertising space or the display of
advertising and other content (collectively referred to as “Content”) based on
the potential interests of users and the measurement of their effectiveness.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles are created and stored in a file
(so-called “cookie”) or similar procedure in which the relevant user
information for the display of the aforementioned content is stored. This
information may include, for example, content viewed, websites visited, online
networks used, communication partners and technical information such as the
browser used, computer system used and information on usage times. If users
have consented to the collection of their sideline data, these can also be
processed.
The IP addresses of the users are also stored. However, we use provided IP
masking procedures (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP address) to
ensure the protection of the user’s by using a pseudonym. In general, within
the framework of the online marketing process, no clear user data (such as
e-mail addresses or names) is secured, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as
well as the providers of online marketing procedures, do not know the actual
identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles.
The information in the profiles is usually stored in the cookies or similar
memorizing procedures. These cookies can later, generally also on other
websites that use the same online marketing technology, be read and analyzed
for purposes of content display, as well as supplemented with other data and
stored on the server of the online marketing technology provider.
Exceptionally, clear data can be assigned to the profiles. This is the case,
for example, if the users are members of a social network whose online
marketing technology we use and the network links the profiles of the users in
the aforementioned data. Please note that users may enter into additional
agreements with the social network providers or other service providers, e.g.
by consenting as part of a registration process.
As a matter of principle, we only gain access to summarised information about
the performance of our advertisements. However, within the framework of
so-called conversion measurement, we can check which of our online marketing
processes have led to a so-called conversion, i.e. to the conclusion of a
contract with us. The conversion measurement is used alone for the performance
analysis of our marketing activities.
Unless otherwise stated, we kindly ask you to consider that cookies used will
be stored for a period of two years.
Information on legal basis:
If we ask users for their consent
(e.g. in the context of a so-called “cookie banner consent”), the legal basis
for processing data for online marketing purposes is this consent. Otherwise,
user data will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e.
interest in the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of our online
services. In this context, we would also like to refer you to the information
on the use of cookies in this privacy policy.
Processed data types:
Usage data (e.g. websites visited,
interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device
information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services), Prospective customers.
Purposes of Processing:
Targeting (e.g. profiling based on
interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Remarketing, Conversion Tracking,
Interest-based and behavioral marketing, Profiling (Creating user profiles),
Conversion tracking (Measurement of the effectiveness of marketing
activities), Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning
visitors).
Security measures:
IP Masking (Pseudonymization of the IP
address).
Legal Basis:
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate
Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Opt-Out:
We refer to the privacy policies of the respective
service providers and the possibilities for objection (so-called “opt-out”).
If no explicit opt-out option has been specified, it is possible to
deactivate cookies in the settings of your browser. However, this may
restrict the functions of our online offer. We therefore recommend the
following additional opt-out options, which are offered collectively for
each area: a) Europe:
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu
. b) Canada:
https://www.youradchoices.ca/choices
. c) USA:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
. d) Cross-regional:
https://optout.aboutads.info
.
Services and service providers being used:
Google Tag Manager:
Google Tag Manager is a solution with
which we can manage so-called website tags via an interface and thus
integrate other services into our online services. The Tag Manager itself
(which implements the tags) does not process any personal user data. With
regard to the processing of users’ personal data, reference is made to the
information below regarding Google services. Service provider: Google
Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent
company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,
USA; Website:
https://marketingplatform.google.com
; Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
.
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyze the behavior patterns of website visitors. To that end, the website operator receives a variety of user data, such as pages accessed, time spent on the page, the utilized operating system and the user’s origin. This data is assigned to the respective end device of the user. An assignment to a user-ID does not take place.
Furthermore, Google Analytics allows us to record your mouse and scroll movements and clicks, among other things. Google Analytics uses various modeling approaches to augment the collected data sets and uses machine learning technologies in data analysis.
Google Analytics uses technologies that make the recognition of the user for the purpose of analyzing the user behavior patterns (e.g., cookies or device fingerprinting). The website use information recorded by Google is, as a rule transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.
The use of these services occurs on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TTDSG. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
.
Browser plug-in
You can prevent the recording and processing of your data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Google Signals
We use Google Signals. Whenever you visit our website, Google Analytics records, among other things, your location, the progression of your search and YouTube progression as well as demographic data (site visitor data). This data may be used for customized advertising with the assistance of Google Signal. If you have a Google account, your site visitor information will be linked to your Google account by Google Signal and used to send you customized promotional messages. The data is also used to compile anonymized statistics of our users’ online patterns.
Contract data processing
We have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.
Google Ad Manager:
We use the “Google Marketing Platform”
(and services like “Google Ad Manager”) to place ads in the Google
advertising network (e.g., in search results, in videos, on websites, etc.).
The Google Marketing Platform” is characterised by the fact that ads are
displayed in real time according to the presumed interests of the users.
This allows us to display ads for and within our online services in a more
targeted manner in order to present users only with ads that potentially
match their interests. If, for example, a user is shown ads for products in
which he is interested on other online offers, this is referred to as
“remarketing”. Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website:
https://marketingplatform.google.com
; Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
.
Google Adsense with non-personalized ads:
We use the Google
Adsense service with non-personalized ads, which helps us to display ads
within our online services and we receive a remuneration for their display
or other use. ; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website:
https://marketingplatform.google.com
; Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
.
Data transfer with Zapier:
For the automated transfer of
required user data between the various marketing tools (e.g. to transfer a
newsletter registration via the reader survey to our mailing service
provider ConvertKit or the transfer of shop orders to our shipping service
provider), we use the software “
Zapier
”
from the provider Zapier, Inc. 548 Market St #62411, San Francisco,
California 94104, USA. Zapier is used on the basis of our legitimate
interests in accordance with Art. Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR and an Order
Processing Agreement is used in accordance with Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 GDPR.
Zapier is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement
and thus offers a guarantee to comply with the European data protection
standards. You can view the
service provider’s privacy policy here
. The transferred user data includes answers from our reader surveys and
other forms, names and e-mail addresses.
Promotions via Kickofflabs:
For raffles and promotions, we
use the software “
Kickofflabs
” from
the provider KickoffLabs LLC, 4111 E Madison St #19, Seattle, Washington
98112, USA. Kickofflabs is used on the basis of our legitimate interests in
accordance with Art. Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR and an Order Processing
Agreement is used in accordance with Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 GDPR. Kickofflabs
is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement
and thus offers a guarantee to comply with the European data protection
standards. You can view the
service provider’s privacy policy here
. The transferred user data includes answers from our reader surveys and
other forms, names and e-mail addresses.
Profiles in Social Networks (Social Media)
We maintain online presences within social networks and process user data in
this context in order to communicate with the users active there or to offer
information about us.
We would like to point out that user data may be processed outside the
European Union. This may entail risks for users, e.g. by making it more
difficult to enforce users’ rights. With regard to US providers certified
under the Privacy Shield or offering comparable guarantees of a secure level
of data protection, we would like to point out that they thereby commit
themselves to comply with EU data protection standards.
In addition, user data is usually processed within social networks for market
research and advertising purposes. For example, user profiles can be created
on the basis of user behaviour and the associated interests of users. The user
profiles can then be used, for example, to place advertisements within and
outside the networks which are presumed to correspond to the interests of the
users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the user’s computer,
in which the user’s usage behaviour and interests are stored. Furthermore,
data can be stored in the user profiles independently of the devices used by
the users (especially if the users are members of the respective networs or
will become members later on).
For a detailed description of the respective processing operations and the
opt-out options, please refer to the respective data protection declarations
and information provided by the providers of the respective networks.
Also in the case of requests for information and the exercise of rights of
data subjects, we point out that these can be most effectively pursued with
the providers. Only the providers have access to the data of the users and can
directly take appropriate measures and provide information. If you still need
help, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Processed data types:
Inventory data (e.g. names,
addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data
(e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited,
interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device
information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services).
Purposes of Processing:
contact requests and communication,
Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies),
Remarketing.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Services and service providers being used:
Instagram :
Social network; Service provider: Instagram
Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA; Website:
https://www.instagram.com
; Privacy
Policy:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy
.
Plugins and embedded functions and content
Within our online services, we integrate functional and content elements that
are obtained from the servers of their respective providers (hereinafter
referred to as “third-party providers”). These may, for example, be graphics,
videos or social media buttons as well as contributions (hereinafter uniformly
referred to as “Content”).
The integration always presupposes that the third-party providers of this
content process the IP address of the user, since they could not send the
content to their browser without the IP address. The IP address is therefore
required for the presentation of these contents or functions. We strive to use
only those contents, whose respective offerers use the IP address only for the
distribution of the contents. Third parties may also use so-called pixel tags
(invisible graphics, also known as “web beacons”) for statistical or marketing
purposes. The “pixel tags” can be used to evaluate information such as visitor
traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information may also be
stored in cookies on the user’s device and may include technical information
about the browser and operating system, referring websites, visit times and
other information about the use of our website, as well as may be linked to
such information from other sources.
Information on legal basis:
If we ask users for their consent
(e.g. in the context of a so-called “cookie banner consent”), the legal basis
for processing is this consent. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the
basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimisation
and economic operation of our online services. We refer you to the note on the
use of cookies in this privacy policy.
Processed data types:
Usage data (e.g. websites visited,
interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device
information, IP addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers),
Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Inventory data (e.g.
names, addresses).
Data subjects:
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of
online services), Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters,
etc.).
Purposes of Processing:
Provision of our online services
and usability, Contractual services and support, contact requests and
communication, Direct marketing (e.g. by e-mail or postal), Targeting (e.g.
profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Interest-based
and behavioral marketing, Profiling (Creating user profiles), Security
measures, Managing and responding to inquiries.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR),
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Performance of a contract and prior
requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
Services and service providers being used:
Google Fonts:
We integrate the fonts (“Google Fonts”) of
the provider Google, whereby the data of the users are used solely for
purposes of the representation of the fonts in the browser of the users. The
integration takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests in a
technically secure, maintenance-free and efficient use of fonts, their
uniform presentation and consideration of possible licensing restrictions
for their integration. Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon
House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website:
https://fonts.google.com/
; Privacy
Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
.
Instagram plugins and contents:
Instagram plugins and
contents – This can include content such as images, videos or text and
buttons with which users can share content from this online service within
Instagram . Service provider:
https://www.instagram.com
, Instagram
Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA; Website:
https://www.instagram.com
; Privacy
Policy:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy
.
ReCaptcha:
We integrate the function “ReCaptcha” for the
recognition of bots, e.g. for entries in online forms. The behaviour data of
the users (e.g. mouse movements or queries) are evaluated in order for us to
be able to distinguish between people and bots. Service provider: Google
Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, , parent
company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,
USA; Website:
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/
; Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW&status=Active
; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
, Settings for the Display of Advertisements:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
YouTube videos:
Video contents; Service provider: Google
Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, , parent
company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,
USA; Website:
https://www.youtube.com
;
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing
data in the USA):
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
, Settings for the Display of Advertisements:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
Vimeo videos:
video contents; Service provider: Vimeo Inc.,
Attention: Legal Department, 555 West 18th Street New York, New York 10011,
USA; Website:
https://vimeo.com
; Privacy
Policy:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
;
Opt-Out: We point out that Vimeo may use Google Analytics and refer to the
privacy policy (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
) as well as opt-out options for Google Analytics (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
) or the settings of Google for data use for marketing purposes (
https://adssettings.google.com/
).
Erasure of data
The data processed by us will be erased in accordance with the statutory
provisions as soon as their processing is revoked or other permissions no
longer apply (e.g. if the purpose of processing this data no longer applies or
they are not required for the purpose).
If the data is not deleted because they are required for other and legally
permissible purposes, their processing is limited to these purposes. This
means that the data will be restricted and not processed for other purposes.
This applies, for example, to data that must be stored for commercial or tax
reasons or for which storage is necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal
claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Further information on the erasure of personal data can also be found in the
individual data protection notices of this privacy policy.
Changes and Updates to the Privacy Policy
We kindly ask you to inform yourself regularly about the contents of our data
protection declaration. We will adjust the privacy policy as changes in our
data processing practices make this necessary. We will inform you as soon as
the changes require your cooperation (e.g. consent) or other individual
notification.
If we provide addresses and contact information of companies and organizations
in this privacy policy, we ask you to note that addresses may change over time
and to verify the information before contacting us.
Rights of Data Subjects
As data subject, you are entitled to various rights under the GDPR, which
arise in particular from Articles 15 to 21 of the GDPR:
Right to Object: You have the right, on grounds arising from your
particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your
personal data which is based on letter (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR ,
including profiling based on those provisions.
Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you
have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal
data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing, which includes
profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct
marketing.
Right of withdrawal for consents:
You have the right to
revoke consents at any time.
Right of access:
You have the right to request confirmation
as to whether the data in question will be processed and to be informed of
this data and to receive further information and a copy of the data in
accordance with the provisions of the law.
Right to rectification:
You have the right, in accordance
with the law, to request the completion of the data concerning you or the
rectification of the incorrect data concerning you.
Right to Erasure and Right to Restriction of Processing:
In
accordance with the statutory provisions, you have the right to demand that
the relevant data be erased immediately or, alternatively, to demand that
the processing of the data be restricted in accordance with the statutory
provisions.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive
data concerning you which you have provided to us in a structured, common
and machine-readable format in accordance with the legal requirements, or to
request its transmission to another controller.
Complaint to the supervisory authority:
You also have the
right, under the conditions laid down by law, to lodge a complaint with a
supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual
residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you
consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the
GDPR.
Terminology and Definitions
This section provides an overview of the terms used in this privacy policy.
Many of the terms are drawn from the law and defined mainly in Article 4 GDPR.
The legal definitions are binding. The following explanations, on the other
hand, are intended above all for the purpose of comprehension. The terms are
sorted alphabetically.
Content Delivery Network (CDN):
A “Content Delivery
Network” (CDN) is a service with whose help contents of our online services,
in particular large media files, such as graphics or scripts, can be
delivered faster and more securely with the help of regionally distributed
servers connected via the Internet.
Controller:
“Controller” means the natural or legal person,
public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others,
determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
Conversion Tracking:
“Conversion Tracking” refers to a
procedure by which the effectiveness of marketing measures can be
determined. As a rule, a cookie is stored on the devices of the users within
the websites on which the marketing measures are carried out and then called
up again on the target website (e.g. this enables us to track whether the
ads we placed on other websites were successful).
Conversion tracking:
Conversion tracking is a method used
to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing measures. For this purpose, a
cookie is usually stored on the devices of the users within the websites on
which the marketing measures take place and then called up again on the
target website (e.g. we can thus trace whether the advertisements placed by
us on other websites were successful).
IP Masking:
IP masking is a method by which the last octet,
i.e. the last two numbers of an IP address, are deleted so that the IP
address alone can no longer be used to uniquely identify a person. IP
masking is therefore a means of pseudonymising processing methods,
particularly in online marketing.
Interest-based and behavioral marketing:
Interest-related
and/or behaviour-related marketing is the term used when potential user
interest in advertisements and other content is predicted if possible. This
is done on the basis of information on the previous behaviour of users (e.g.
visiting and staying on certain websites, purchasing behaviour or
interaction with other users), which is stored in a so-called profile. For
these purposes cookies are usually used.
Personal Data:
“personal data” means any information
relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”);
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or
indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more
factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Processing:
The term “processing” covers a wide range and
practically every handling of data, be it collection, evaluation, storage,
transmission or erasure.
Profiling:
“Profiling” means any automated processing of
personal data consisting in the use of such personal data to analyse,
evaluate or predict certain personal aspects relating to a natural person
(depending on the type of profiling, this includes information regarding
age, gender, location and movement data, interaction with websites and their
contents, shopping behaviour, social interactions with other people) (e.g.
interests in certain contents or products, click behaviour on a website or
the location). Cookies and web beacons are often used for profiling
purposes.
Remarketing:
Remarketing” or “retargeting” is the term
used, for example, to indicate for advertising purposes which products a
user is interested in on a website in order to remind the user of these
products on other websites, e.g. in advertisements.
Targeting:
Tracking” is the term used when the behaviour of
users can be traced across several websites. As a rule, behavior and
interest information with regard to the websites used is stored in cookies
or on the servers of the tracking technology providers (so-called
profiling). This information can then be used, for example, to display
advertisements to users presumably corresponding to their interests.
Web Analytics:
Web Analytics serves the evaluation of
visitor traffic of online services and can determine their behavior or
interests in certain information, such as content of websites. With the help
of web analytics, website owners, for example, can recognize at what time
visitors visit their website and what content they are interested in. This
allows them, for example, to optimize the content of the website to better
meet the needs of their visitors. For purposes of web analytics,
pseudonymous cookies and web beacons are frequently used in order to
recognise returning visitors and thus obtain more precise analyses of the
use of an online service.
Words & Photos:
Aaron Steinke
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://all-inkl.com/datenschutzinformationen/:
Zum Inhalt springen
Unternehmen
Jobs
Verträge kündigen
AGB
Datenschutzinformation
Impressum
Datenschutz­informationen
1 Gegenstand dieser Informationen
1.1 Mit den nachfolgenden Informationen möchten wir, ALL-INKL.COM - Neue Medien Münnich, Inhaber: René Münnich, Hauptstraße 68, 02742 Friedersdorf, die Nutzer unserer unter https://all-inkl.com erreichbaren Webseiten sowie allgemein die Interessenten an unseren Dienstleistungen als Webhosting-Unternehmen und all diejenigen, die mit uns geschäftlich in Kontakt treten, über die Verarbeitung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns informieren.
Mit den nachfolgenden Informationen angesprochen sind die datenschutzrechtlich „Betroffenen“, nachfolgend auch „Nutzer“ oder „Kunden“ genannt, oder mit „Sie“ oder „Ihre“ adressiert. Die maßgebliche Rechtsgrundlage unserer Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten der durch unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten „Betroffenen“ ist die Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DS-GVO).
1.2 Für bereichsspezifische Erhebungen und Verarbeitungen personenbezogener Daten, die nicht in dieser Datenschutzinformation enthalten sind, informieren wir an geeigneter bzw. erforderlicher Stelle gesondert.
1.3 Für Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge anderer Unternehmen, auf welche über Links von unseren Webseiten verwiesen wird, gelten die dortigen Informationen zum Datenschutz. Diese Unternehmen sind für die dortigen Datenverarbeitungen verantwortlich.
1.4 Diese allgemeinen Datenschutzinformationen bedürfen keiner Zustimmung der Betroffenen und unterliegen einer regelmäßigen Überprüfung hinsichtlich eines Änderungsbedarfs.
2 Verantwortlichkeit
2.1 Unsere hauptsächliche Geschäftstätigkeit ist das Webhosting, indem wir Webhosting-Pakete zur Nutzung durch Kunden bereitstellen. Unser Webhosting besteht in der gesamten administrativen und technischen Dienstleistung, die dafür aufgewendet wird, dass unsere Kunden Inhalte und Informationen im Internet bereitstellen und hierfür Internet-Domains durch uns verwalten lassen können. Zu diesen Dienstleistungen gehören die Registrierung und Verwaltung einer eigenen Domain, die Bereitstellung des Speicherplatzes (Webspace), auf dem die Inhalte der zu speichernden Informationen liegen, die Bereitstellung von E-Mail-Speicherplätzen für E-Mail-Postfächer und E-Mail-Adressen zu einer Internet-Domain, die Bereitstellung von Datenbank-Servern, der Betrieb der nötigen DNS-Server (Nameserver), die Unterstützung der Anwender (Kunden-Support), die ständige Überwachung unserer Server (Monitoring), ein tägliches Voll-Backup (Datensicherung) aller Systeme sowie die permanente Absicherung und Aktualisierung der eingesetzten Server-Software durch uns als Webhoster.
2.2 Verantwortlicher Datenverarbeiter hinsichtlich der vorbezeichneten Geschäftstätigkeiten und für die Nutzung dieser Webseiten ist ALL-INKL.COM - Neue Medien Münnich, Inhaber: René Münnich, Hauptstraße 68, 02742 Friedersdorf.
2.3 Unser Datenschutzbeauftragter ist zu erreichen unter ALL-INKL.COM - Neue Medien Münnich, mit dem Zusatz „Der Datenschutzbeauftragte“, Hauptstraße 68, 02742 Friedersdorf.
3 Allgemeine Zwecke der Verarbeitung und Rechtsgrundlagen, Datenkategorien
3.1 Für Zwecke unserer Geschäftstätigkeit als Webhosting-Unternehmen verarbeiten wir die dazu erforderlichen personenbezogenen Daten regelmäßig auf der Rechtsgrundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 b DS-GVO (vorvertragliche Maßnahmen, Erfüllung eines Vertrags). Die weiteren Einzelheiten zu den erhobenen Datenarten und -kategorien sowie den Datenverarbeitungszwecken sind auch den maßgeblichen Vertragsunterlagen und unseren auf der Webseite veröffentlichten Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen zu entnehmen.
3.2 Soweit eine Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung erforderlich ist, der unser Unternehmen unterliegt, dient Art. 6 Abs. c DS-GVO als Rechtsgrundlage. Zahlreiche rechtliche Vorschriften verpflichten uns als Anbieter eines Telemediendienstes und als Webhosting-Provider, in bestimmten Situationen den Zugang zu (ggf. personenbezogenen) Informationen zu sperren oder solche Informationen zu löschen sowie im Zusammenhang damit Daten zu verarbeiten.
3.3 Im Einzelfall verarbeiten wir personenbezogenen Daten auf der Rechtsgrundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 a DS-GVO (Einwilligung). Eine solche Einwilligung, die freiwillig ist, würden wir im Einzelfall von Ihnen einholen und über die Zwecke informieren. Erteilen Sie uns eine Einwilligung, haben Sie das Recht, die Einwilligung uns gegenüber jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft zu widerrufen, ohne dass die Rechtmäßigkeit der aufgrund der Einwilligung bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Verarbeitung berührt wird. Der Widerruf der Einwilligung kann formfrei mit dem Betreff „Widerruf“ erfolgen und sollte gerichtet werden an: ALL-INKL.COM - Neue Medien Münnich - Inhaber: René Münnich, Hauptstraße 68, 02742 Friedersdorf. Soweit technisch möglich, räumen wir dem Betroffenen eine Möglichkeit ein, den Widerruf so einfach zu erklären, wie die Einwilligung durch ihn erklärt worden ist.
3.4 Im Einzelfall verarbeiten wir personenbezogenen Daten auf der Rechtsgrundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO, wenn wir uns auf berechtigte Interessen von uns oder von einem Dritten berufen können und wir der Überzeugung sind, dass die Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten der davon betroffenen Person nicht überwiegen. Auch dazu informieren wir im Einzelfall ggf. gesondert und benennen Ihnen unsere berechtigten Interessen bzw. die des Dritten.
3.5 Wir behalten uns auf der Rechtsgrundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO insbesondere vor, personenbezogene Daten auch derjenigen Personen zu verarbeiten, die versucht haben, unsere Dienstleistungen rechtsmissbräuchlich oder vertragswidrig zu erlangen oder welche aus geschäftspolitischen Gründen für einen Vertragsabschluss mit uns nicht oder nach Beendigung eines Vertrags nicht mehr infrage kommen. Diese betroffenen Personen speichern wir mit uns geeignet erscheinenden Sperrdaten in Sperrlisten.
3.6 Welche personenbezogenen Daten (Datenarten) im Einzelnen verarbeitet und in welcher Weise genutzt werden, richtet sich maßgeblich nach den in Anspruch genommenen bzw. vereinbarten Diensten bzw. Dienstleistungen oder Geschäftsvorfällen. Zu verarbeitende Datenkategorien sind bzw. können sein:
Bestandsdaten:
alle personenbezogenen Daten, die für die Begründung, inhaltliche Ausgestaltung oder Änderung eines Vertragsverhältnisses zwischen uns und unseren Kunden erforderlich sind, auch soweit die Vertragsanbahnung oder die Verhinderung von weiteren Vertragsabschlüssen oder die Kommunikation in einem Rechtsverhältnis betroffen ist (z.B. Name, Anschrift, Geburtsdatum).
Authentisierungsdaten:
alle personenbezogenen Daten, die erhoben werden, um die Identität einer Person oder deren Berechtigung für bestimmte Handlungen oder Befugnisse nachgewiesen zu erhalten, wie sie beispielsweise in Ausweisdokumenten enthalten sind.
Kommunikationsdaten (Kontaktdaten):
alle personenbezogenen Daten, die uns eine Person bereitstellt, damit wir mit dieser innerhalb oder außerhalb einer Vertragsbeziehung (z.B. eines Rechtsverhältnisses) kommunizieren, d.h. Kontakt halten können.
Inhaltsdaten:
alle personenbezogenen Daten, welche die Inhalte der Kommunikation ausmachen (z.B. Texteingaben, Fotografien, Videos, Inhalte von Dokumenten bzw. Dateien), sei es im Rahmen der Vertragsanbahnung, des Vertragsabschlusses, der Vertragsabwicklung oder auch der Beendigung des Vertrags einschließlich der Kommunikation zu Betroffenenrechten innerhalb oder außerhalb einer Vertragsbeziehung (z.B. eines Rechtsverhältnisses).
Finanzidentifikationsdaten:
alle personenbezogenen Daten, welche Kontoinformationen (IBAN/BIC) betreffen, insbesondere im Rahmen von uns erteilten Einzugsermächtigungen bzw. SEPA-Lastschriftmandanten.
Zahlungsdaten:
alle personenbezogenen Daten aus und zu den Zahlungen für unsere Dienstleistungen, z.B. Rechnungen, Rechnungsübersichten.
Nutzungsdaten:
alle personenbezogenen Daten eines Nutzers unserer Leistungen, deren Verarbeitung erforderlich sind, um die Inanspruchnahme unserer digitalen Dienstleistungen zu ermöglichen und abzurechnen (z.B.: Protokolldateien über Handlungen der Nutzer unserer Webhosting-Leistungen, insbesondere über die Verläufe auf unseren Webseiten, die Nutzung bestimmter Inhalte, die einzelnen Zugriffszeiten, die bereitgestellten Zugänge und elektronischen Verwaltungsoberflächen sowie der Kontakt- oder Bestellverläufe. Zu den Nutzungsdaten zählen wir auch die Benutzer-Login-Daten).
Sperrdaten:
das sind alle personenbezogene Daten von Personen, die zeitweise oder dauerhaft keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen (mehr) erhalten sollen (Blacklist).
Verbindungsdaten:
das sind ggf. personenbezogene Geräte-Informationen, IP-Adressen, URL-Referrer.
Standortdaten:
das sind alle personenbezogenen Daten, welche den Standort einer unsere digitalen Dienste nutzenden Personen betreffen, z.B. GPS-Daten, die IP-Geolokalisierung oder Zugriffspunkte.
Diagnosedaten:
das sind personenbezogene Daten, welche uns technisch erforderliche Informationen aufgrund eines Nutzerverhaltens bereitstellen (z.B. Crash-Logs, Performance Daten der Website/App, andere technische Daten zur Analyse von Störungen und Fehlern).
4 Allgemeine Empfänger unserer Datenverarbeitungen
4.1 Eine Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte findet grundsätzlich nur statt, wenn dies für die Durchführung des Vertrages mit Ihnen erforderlich ist, die Weitergabe auf Basis einer Interessenabwägung i.S.d. Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO (berechtigtes Interesse) zulässig ist, wir rechtlich zur Datenverarbeitung im Wege der Kontakthaltung mit Dritten verpflichtet sind oder Sie insoweit eine Einwilligung erteilt haben.
4.2 Für unsere Geschäftstätigkeit des Webhostings setzen wir in administrativer und in technischer Hinsicht, insbesondere für die Vertragsverwaltung, für Support-Dienstleistungen und für Rechenzentrumsleistungen, intern einen Dienstleister ein, der Zugang und Zugriff auf die erforderlichen personenbezogenen Daten mit eigenem Personal hat. Dieser Dienstleister ist die Neue Medien Münnich GmbH, Hauptstraße 68, 02742 Friedersdorf. Mit diesem Dienstleister verbindet uns ein datenschutzrechtlicher Vertrag über die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten im Auftrag.
4.3 Empfänger der durch uns erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten außerhalb unseres Unternehmens und des vorgenannten Auftragsverarbeiters können z. B. sein: Stellen, welche Domains registrieren oder bei der Registrierung mitwirken, Stellen, die Zertifikate für einen sicheren Datenverkehr ausstellen oder hieran mitwirken, Domaintreuhänder (sog. „Escrow-Dienste“), Zahlungsdienstleister, Datenvernichtungsdienste, Steuerberatungs- und Rechtsberatungsdienste, Stellen, die im Rahmen von Strafverfolgungstätigkeiten oder zur Verfolgung von Ordnungswidrigkeiten im Rahmen ihrer gesetzlichen Befugnisse Auskunft von uns verlangen, Sperrverfügungen oder Löschungsverfügungen anordnen (z.B. Polizei, Staatsanwaltschaften, Bundesnetzagentur, Bundeskriminalamt, Gerichte), oder Rechteinhaber, die aufgrund von gesetzlichen Vorschriften berechtigt sind, Auskunft über bestimmte personenbezogene Daten zu erhalten (z.B. im Falle von Urheberrechtsverletzungen auf Kundenwebseiten).
5 Grundsätzliche Speicherdauer
5.1 Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, solange dies für den jeweiligen Zweck der Geschäftstätigkeit, d.h. das jeweilige Verfahren im jeweiligen Geschäftsprozess, erforderlich ist oder uns eine Einwilligung erteilt ist. Die Dauer, für die die personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert werden, kann nicht immer unmittelbar nach Eingang bestimmt werden. Sie hängt davon ab, wie der Vorgang schließlich eingestuft wird. Soweit gesetzliche Aufbewahrungspflichten bestehen – z.B. im Handelsrecht oder Steuerrecht – werden die betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten für die Dauer der Aufbewahrungspflicht gespeichert. Nach Ablauf der Aufbewahrungspflicht wird durch uns geprüft, ob eine weitere Erforderlichkeit für die Verarbeitung vorliegt. Liegt eine Erforderlichkeit nicht mehr vor, werden die personenbezogenen Daten gelöscht.
5.2 Die in Betracht kommenden steuer- und handelsrechtlichen Aufbewahrungs- und Dokumentationspflichten sehen eine Aufbewahrungspflicht für die in §§ 238 und 257 Handelsgesetzbuch genannten kaufmännischen Dokumente von sechs bzw. zehn Jahren vor. Entsprechende Vorschriften enthält § 147 Abgabenordnung für die Aufbewahrung der hierin genannten Unterlagen.
5.3 Grundsätzlich nehmen wir nach jedem Ende eines Kalenderjahres eine Prüfung von personenbezogenen Daten (Datenarten, Verarbeitungszwecke) im Hinblick auf das Erfordernis einer weiteren Verarbeitung vor.
5.4 Mit dem Ablauf der Aufbewahrungsfrist entsteht nicht automatisch eine Löschpflicht, da weiterhin ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Archivierung bestehen kann, um z. B. bei Rechtsstreitigkeiten auskunftsfähig zu sein. Dies betrifft auch die Fälle der Erhaltung von Beweismitteln im Rahmen der Verjährungsvorschriften. Nach den §§ 195 ff. des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) können diese Verjährungsfristen bis zu 30 Jahre betragen, wobei die regelmäßige Verjährungsfrist drei Jahre beträgt.
5.5 Für den Fall, dass wir personenbezogene Daten in einer Sperrliste nach Ziffer 3.4 führen, um die damit verfolgten Zwecke zu erreichen, kann es im Einzelfall zulässig sein, dass wir die personenbezogenen Daten so lange in der Sperrliste führen, wie ein Vertragsabschluss durch uns verhindert werden muss oder soll. Das kann zu einer zunächst unabsehbaren Speicherdauer führen.
6 Herkunft der personenbezogenen Daten
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir anlässlich der Nutzung der Website erhalten, erheben wir direkt bei den Betroffenen (Nutzern). Dies gilt grundsätzlich auch für die durch unsere sonstige Geschäftstätigkeit Betroffenen. Sollten wir im Rahmen unserer Geschäftstätigkeit personenbezogene Daten von Dritten erhalten, informieren wir darüber, aus welche Quelle diese Daten stammen (ggf. aus einer öffentlich zugänglichen Quelle) und welche Datenkategorien wir verarbeiten, gesondert.
7 Ort der Datenverarbeitung, Drittlandübermittlungen
7.1 Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden durch uns an unserem Unternehmenssitz bzw. in einem Rechenzentrum in Deutschland verarbeitet.
7.2 Sollten wir personenbezogene Daten in ein Drittland (ein Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union bzw. des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraumes) oder eine internationale Organisation übermitteln oder dies beabsichtigen, informieren wir hierzu nach Art. 13 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO bzw. nach 14 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO gesondert.
7.3 Für den Fall, dass wir auf Wunsch des Kunden dessen Bezug einer Top-Level-Domain vermitteln und uns hierzu keiner Vermittlungsleistung eines Dienstleisters in Deutschland oder der Europäischen Union bedienen, übermitteln wir personenbezogene Daten des Kunden zur Vermittlung des Domainvertrags unmittelbar ggf. auch an eine Registrierungsstelle in den USA auf der Rechtsgrundlage des Art. 49 Abs. 1 lit. b oder c DS-GVO (Erfüllung eines Vertrags), wenn nur diese Registrierungsstelle diese Domain vergibt und verwaltet.
7.4 Eine Datenübermittlung in ein Drittland findet im Übrigen nur statt, sofern ein Angemessenheitsbeschluss der Europäischen Kommission vorliegt oder uns geeignete Garantien einschließlich verbindlicher interner Datenschutzvorschriften vorliegen. Wir werden dann auf die geeigneten oder angemessenen Garantien verweisen und die Möglichkeit aufzeigen, wie eine Kopie von ihnen zu erhalten ist, oder wo sie verfügbar sind.
7.5 Allgemeine Hinweise zu den Übermittlungsgrundlagen:
Stützen wir eine Datenübermittlung auf eine Ausnahme nach Art. 49 DS-GVO, finden Sie die Details an der jeweiligen Stelle.
Stützen wir eine Datenübermittlung auf einen Angemessenheitsbeschluss i.S. des Art. 45 DS-GVO, finden Sie eine Übersicht der Angemessenheitsbeschlüsse
hier
.
Stützen wir eine Datenübermittlung auf sog. Standarddatenschutzklauseln der EU-Kommission i.S. des Art. 46 Abs. 2 Buchst. c) DS-GVO, finden Sie hier den
Durchführungsbeschluss (EU 2021/914) der EU-Kommission
, der die Vertragsklauseln enthält.
Stützen wir eine Datenübermittlung auf verbindliche interne Datenschutzvorschriften (Engl. „Binding Corporate Rules“, kurz „BCR“) i.S. des Art. 46 Abs. 2 Buchst. b) DSGVO gestützt, finden Sie die Übersicht der veröffentlichten BCR
hier
.
8 Pflicht zur Bereitstellung
Soweit bei den Angaben zu den Verfahren in unseren Geschäftsprozessen nichts anderes erläutert wird, sind Sie zur Bereitstellung personenbezogener Daten nicht verpflichtet. Stützen wir die Verarbeitung auf Art. 6 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Buchst. b DS-GVO, sind Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu einer Vertragserfüllung oder zu einem Vertragsabschluss, einschließlich der Vertragsanbahnung, erforderlich. Stellen Sie die personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, ist die Vertragserfüllung oder der Vertragsabschluss nicht möglich. Stellen Sie die Daten in den Fällen des Art. 6 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Buchst. a, f DS-GVO nicht zur Verfügung, ist eine Nutzung der hiervon betroffenen Verfahren bzw. unserer Angebote nicht möglich.
9 Automatisierte Entscheidungen
9.1 Maßnahmen einer automatisierten Entscheidungsfindung oder Maßnahmen des Profilings werden durch uns in keinem Verfahren getroffen.
9.2 Für den Fall, dass wir aus unternehmensinternen Gründen, insbesondere für den Fall des Missbrauchs unserer Dienste und Leistungen, verhindern müssen oder aus anderen Gründen unserer Geschäftspolitik verhindern möchten, dass Interessenten unseren Leistungen beanspruchen, insbesondere nicht ohne unseren Willen Webhosting-Tarife buchen können, geschieht dies nicht durch eine ausschließliche automatische Entscheidungsfindung. Die letzte Entscheidung für die Aufnahme eines Kontakts und die dafür ggf. erforderlichen personenbezogenen Daten trifft stets die hierfür zuständige Person im Unternehmen.
10 Technischer Datenschutz
10.1 Die Kommunikation mit unseren Webseiten erfolgt verschlüsselt über ein digitales Zertifikat nach dem Standard SSL, so dass dafür gesorgt ist, dass Daten sicher an oder von der https-Website all‑inkl.com gesendet werden.
10.2 Die E-Mail-Adressen, die unter unserer Domain „all-inkl.com“ oder „ai.com“ bereitgehalten werden oder die wir als Kommunikationsmittel nutzen, schützen die hierin enthaltenen Daten grundsätzlich nur auf dem Transport und sind nicht Ende-zu-Ende verschlüsselt. Dasselbe gilt für die durch uns bereit gehaltenen Telefax-Nummern. Für die Übermittlung von sensiblen Informationen halten wir eine PGP-Mailadresse bereit. Der Weg für vertrauliche Briefpost steht unseren Kommunikationskontakten stets alternativ zur Verfügung.
10.3 Wir bedienen uns im Übrigen geeigneter technischer und organisatorischer Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um die personenbezogenen Daten des Betroffenen, die wir erhoben haben, gegen zufällige oder vorsätzliche Manipulationen, teilweisen oder vollständigen Verlust, Zerstörung oder gegen den unbefugten Zugriff Dritter zu schützen. Unsere Sicherheitsmaßnahmen werden entsprechend der technologischen Entwicklung fortlaufend verbessert.
10.4 Wir haben zahlreiche technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen umgesetzt, um einen Schutz der personenbezogenen Daten und Informationen sicherzustellen. Dennoch können internetbasierte Datenübertragungen zwischen uns und unseren Kunden, insbesondere ein nicht Ende-zu-Ende verschlüsselter Mail- oder Telefax-Verkehr Sicherheitslücken aufweisen. Einen absoluten Schutz von Informationen kann niemand gewährleisten. Aus diesem Grund steht es unseren Kunden und Nutzern frei, personenbezogene Daten auch auf alternativen wegen, beispielsweise per Briefpost, an uns zu übermitteln.
10.5 Für die Erbringung unserer Leistungen als Webhosting-Unternehmen verfügen wir über ein eigenes Rechenzentrum in Deutschland, welches durch unseren Auftragsverarbeiter betrieben wird.
11 Website-Links allgemein
11.1 Auf unseren Webseiten sind Verweisungen auf unsere eigenen Seiten zu finden (interne Links). Durch Betätigen interner Links verlassen Sie unseren Verantwortungsbereich nicht. Sie wechseln jedoch in den Verantwortungsbereich eines Dritten (Diensteanbieters), der Inhalte und Datenverarbeitungen selbständig verantwortet, wenn Sie einen externen Link betätigen, diesen also aktiv anklicken. Externe Links sind durch uns so gekennzeichnet, dass Sie erkennen können, wenn Sie unseren Verantwortungsbereich verlassen.
11.2 Wenn Sie einem externen Link folgen, haben diese Websites ihre eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien und werden mitunter auf Servern in einem datenschutzrechtlich unsicheren Drittland betrieben. Hierdurch kann es sein, dass ausländische Dritte, Behörden oder Geheimdienste Verbindungsdaten erhalten und Sie keinen Rechtsschutz hiergegen haben. Bitte überprüfen Sie auch im Übrigen diese Datenschutzrichtlinien, bevor Sie freiwillig ggf. weitere personenbezogene Daten im Rahmen der Seitennutzung an diese Websites weitergeben. In aller Regel übermitteln Sie bei Aufruf von internen Links jedenfalls Ihre IP-Adresse an den Drittanbieter.
11.3 Die Inhalte externer Links haben wir bei deren erstmaligen Setzen daraufhin überprüft, dass keine augenscheinlich rechtswidrigen Inhalte bzw. Informationen zu sehen sind. Im Übrigen machen wir uns allein durch das Nutzen von externen Links weder Informationen noch Inhalte Dritter zu eigen.
12 Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person
Sie haben nach Maßgabe näherer gesetzlicher Ausgestaltung das Recht auf Auskunft über die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten (Art. 15 DS-GVO), auf Berichtigung (Art. 16 DS-GVO), auf Löschung (Art. 17 DS-GVO) und auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung (Art. 18 DS-GVO). Sie haben das Widerspruchsrecht gegen Verarbeitungen in den Fällen des Art. 21 DS-GVO und das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit in den Fallkonstellationen des Art. 20 DS-GVO. Sie haben ein Beschwerderecht bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde (Art. 57 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO).
13 Ihr besonderes Widerspruchsrecht
13.1 Soweit wir personenbezogenen Daten auf der Rechtsgrundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO (berechtigten Interessen) verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, aus Gründen, die sich aus ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung Sie betreffender personenbezogener Daten zu widersprechen. Die erfolgt durch Einlegung Ihres Widerspruchs bei uns. Wir verarbeiten die personenbezogenen Daten dann nicht mehr, es sei denn, wir können zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung nachweisen, die Ihren Interessen, Rechten und Freiheiten überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen. Wir müssten Ihre Gründe also erfahren. Ihren Widerspruch können Sie formlos an die Anschrift unter Ziffer 2 richten. Sie finden weitere Informationen zu unserem Unternehmen, Angaben zu den vertretungsberechtigten Personen und auch weitere Kontaktmöglichkeiten im Impressum unserer Website.
13.2 Wir werden Sie, soweit möglich, spätestens zum Zeitpunkt der ersten Kommunikation mit Ihnen ausdrücklich auf vorgenannte Widerspruchsrecht hinweisen und werden diesen Hinweis in einer verständlichen und von anderen Informationen getrennten Form erteilen.
14 Logfiles bei Aufruf/Nutzung unserer Webseiten
14.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Bei jedem Aufruf unserer Internetseiten erfasst unser Webserver automatisiert Daten und Informationen vom aufrufenden Endgerät des Nutzers. Folgende Daten werden hierbei erhoben:
die IP-Adresse des anfragenden Endgerätes,
Datum und Uhrzeit des Aufrufs unserer Webseiten,
Angabe der Zeitverschiebung zwischen anfragendem Host und Webserver,
Inhalt zur Anfrage bzw. Angabe der abgerufenen Datei, die an den Nutzer übermittelt wurde
der Zugriffsstatus (erfolgreiche Übermittlung, Fehler etc.),
die jeweils übertragene Datenmenge in Byte,
die Webseite, von der aus der Zugriff des Nutzers erfolgt ist,
der durch den Nutzer verwendeter Browser, das Betriebssystem, die Oberfläche, die Sprache des Browsers und die Version der Browsersoftware.
14.2 Zum Schutz vor Angriffen und zur Sicherstellung eines ordnungsgemäßen Betriebs werden alle Zugriffe auf unser Internet-Angebot mit der vollständigen IP-Adresse vorübergehend und zugriffsgeschützt auf einem Sicherheitssystem (Firewall) automatisiert auf mögliche Risiken hin analysiert.
14.3 Wir werden nur bei rechtswidrigen Angriffen oder bei Missbrauch unserer Dienste versuchen herauszufinden, welche Person hinter einer IP-Adresse steht. Ansonsten bleibt diese Information für uns verborgen und wir versuchen nicht, an die Daten des Inhabers einer IP-Adresse zu kommen.
14.4 Die Daten und Informationen werden auf unserem Webserver und in den Logfiles des Webservers gespeichert. Eine Speicherung dieser Daten zusammen mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers findet nicht statt. Eine vorübergehende Speicherung der IP-Adresse ist notwendig, um eine Auslieferung der Website an das Endgerät des Nutzers zu ermöglichen. Hierfür muss die IP-Adresse des Nutzers für die Dauer der Sitzung gespeichert bleiben. Die Speicherung in Logfiles erfolgt, um die Funktionsfähigkeit der Website und die Sicherheit unserer informationstechnischen Systeme zu gewährleisten. Eine Auswertung der Daten zu Marketingzwecken findet in diesem Zusammenhang nicht statt.
14.5 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Die Bereitstellung der vorgenannten Informationen beruht auf einem Automatismus, den der Nutzer nicht wählen oder abwählen kann.
14.6 Rechtsgrundlage: Rechtsgrundlage für die vorübergehende Speicherung der Daten und Informationen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO (berechtigtes Interesse).
14.7 Empfänger/ Kategorien Empfänger/Drittland: s.o. Ziffer 4.
14.8 Speicherdauer: Im Falle der Erfassung der Daten zur Bereitstellung der Website werden die Daten gelöscht, wenn die jeweilige Sitzung des Nutzers beendet ist und er den Browser schließt. Im Falle der Speicherung der Daten in Logfiles werden die Logfiles spätestens nach sieben Tagen gelöscht. Eine darüberhinausgehende Speicherung ist im Einzelfall, z.B. dem Angriff auf unsere informationstechnischen Systeme, möglich.
15 Telefonische Kontaktaufnahme
15.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Eine telefonische Kontaktaufnahme mit uns ist über die auf unseren Webseiten angegebenen Telefonnummern möglich. Der Inhalt der Kommunikation könnte durch uns für geschäftliche Zwecke notiert/gespeichert werden. Dasselbe gilt für eine eventuell übertragene Telefonnummer.
15.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Sie müssen uns diese Daten nicht bereitstellen, denn Sie brauchen uns nicht über das Telefon zu kontaktieren.
15.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Rechtsgrundlage für die vorübergehende Speicherung der Daten und Informationen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO (berechtigtes Interesse). Sollte eine Geschäftsbeziehung über das Kontaktformular angebahnt werden oder schon bestehen, ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 b DS-GVO (vorvertragliche Maßnahmen, Erfüllung eines Vertrags) die Rechtsgrundlage.
Empfänger/ Kategorien Empfänger/ Drittland: s.o. Ziffer 4.
15.5 Speicherdauer: Die personenbezogenen Daten aus einem Telefonat werden gelöscht, wenn der Zwecke des Telefonats erledigt ist. In einem vorvertraglichen/vertraglichen Kontext bestimmt das Ende des vertraglichen Kontakts den Beginn der Löschung der Kommunikationsdaten und Kommunikationsinhalte, ggf. verbunden mit steuer- und handelsrechtlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten.
16 Kontaktformular Website
16.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Auf unserer Website ist ein Kontaktformular vorhanden, welches für die elektronische Kontaktaufnahme und das vom Nutzer des Formulars bestimmte Thema genutzt werden kann. Nimmt ein Nutzer diese Möglichkeit wahr, so werden die in der Eingabemaske eingegeben Daten an uns übermittelt und gespeichert, sofern dort Angaben gemacht werden. Diese Daten können sein:
Status (Kunde/Nichtkunde/keine Angabe)
Firma
Anrede (Herr, Frau, keine Angabe)
Vorname, Name
E-Mail-Adresse (Pflichtfeld)
Thema der Anfrage
Nachricht (Freitext für Kontaktanfrage mit inhaltlichen Informationen)
Die IP-Adresse des Nutzers
Datum und Uhrzeit der Kontaktaufnahme
In ein Feedback-Formular können, ohne die vorgenannten Angaben Feedback-Informationen erteilt werden, die gänzlich ohne Individualisierung bzw. Personenbezug möglich sind.
16.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Sie müssen uns diese Daten nicht bereitstellen, denn Sie brauchen uns nicht über das Kontaktformular zu kontaktieren.
16.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Rechtsgrundlage für die vorübergehende Speicherung der Daten und Informationen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO (berechtigtes Interesse). Sollte eine Geschäftsbeziehung über das Kontaktformular angebahnt werden oder schon bestehen, ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 b DS-GVO (vorvertragliche Maßnahmen, Erfüllung eines Vertrags) die Rechtsgrundlage.
16.4 Empfänger/ Kategorien Empfänger/ Drittland: s.o. Ziffer 4.
16.5 Speicherdauer: Die personenbezogenen Daten aus der Eingabemaske des Kontaktformulars werden gelöscht, wenn die jeweilige Konversation mit dem Nutzer beendet ist. Beendet ist die Konversation dann, wenn sich aus den Umständen entnehmen lässt, dass der betroffene Sachverhalt abschließend geklärt ist. In einem vorvertraglichen/vertraglichen Kontext bestimmt das Ende des vertraglichen Kontakts den Beginn der Löschung der Kommunikationsdaten und Kommunikationsinhalte, ggf. verbunden mit steuer- und handelsrechtlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten. Die während des Absendevorgangs zusätzlich erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten werden spätestens nach einer Frist von sieben Tagen gelöscht. Für Feedback-Informationen gelten die vorstehenden Sätze entsprechend.
17 E-Mail-Kommunikation
17.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: soweit der Nutzer für die elektronische Kontaktaufnahme E-Mail-Adressen mit unserer Unternehmensdomain benutzt, wird die von ihm zu seiner Person angegebene E-Mail-Adresse nebst Uhrzeit an uns übermittelt und es werden die Inhalte der Kommunikation, ggf. mit Anhängen/Anlagen gespeichert.
17.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Sie müssen uns diese Daten nicht bereitstellen, denn Sie brauchen uns nicht über E-Mail zu kontaktieren.
17.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Rechtsgrundlage für die Speicherung der Daten ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 f DS-GVO (berechtigtes Interesse). Sollte eine Geschäftsbeziehung über E-Mail angebahnt werden oder schon bestehen, ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 b DS-GVO (vorvertragliche Maßnahmen, Erfüllung eines Vertrags) die Rechtsgrundlage.
17.4 Empfänger/ Kategorien Empfänger/Drittland: s.o. Ziffer 4.
17.5 Speicherdauer: Die personenbezogenen Daten aus der E-Mail-Korrespondenz werden gelöscht, wenn die jeweilige Konversation mit dem Nutzer beendet ist. Beendet ist die Konversation dann, wenn sich aus den Umständen entnehmen lässt, dass der betroffene Sachverhalt abschließend geklärt ist. In einem vorvertraglichen/vertraglichen Kontext bestimmt das Ende des vertraglichen Kontakts den Beginn der Löschung der Kommunikationsdaten und Kommunikationsinhalte, ggf. verbunden mit steuer- und handelsrechtlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten.
18 Sonstige Kommunikation
Vorstehende Ziffer gilt für die Kommunikation mit uns per Telefax, per Postbrief oder mittels sonstiger elektronischer Kommunikationsdienste entsprechend.
19 Cookies bei Nutzung unserer Webseiten
19.1 Bei Aufruf unserer Webseiten nehmen wir das Endgerät des Nutzers (PC, Laptop, Smartphone, Tablet usw.) insoweit in Anspruch, als wir dort eine Textinformation in einem sog. Cookie ablegen. Dieses Cookie vom Typ Http und mit dem Namen PHPSESSID behält die Zustände des Nutzers bei allen Seitenanfragen bei. Es erfordert als sog. „technisch notwendiges“ oder „essentielles“ Cookie keine Einwilligung des Nutzers nach Rechtsgrundlage des § 25 Abs. 2 Nr. 2 TTDSG. Das Cookie wird gelöscht, sobald der Nutzer die Sitzung (Session) schließt. Das geschieht durch das Beenden des Browsers. Das Cookie enthält zwar eine Kennung, die den Nutzer jedoch nicht personenbeziehbar identifiziert.
19.2 Soweit wir Cookies (oder ähnliche Technologien) nutzen wollen und hierfür nach den Regelungen von § 25 TTDSG oder den Regelungen der DS-GVO eine Einwilligung der betroffenen Person benötigen, erscheint mit dem Aufruf unserer Webseiten ein Zustimmungs-Banner. Mittels dieses Banners kann der Nutzer eine Wahl treffen: entweder die Einwilligung erteilen (zustimmen) oder diese verweigern. Details zu den dann zum Einsatz kommenden Cookies enthält die Banner-Schaltfläche „Informationen“.
19.3 Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die unser Webserver an das Endgerät des Nutzers unserer Webseiten verschickt und die meistens auf der Festplatte im Endgerät des Nutzers gespeichert werden. Es handelt sich dabei nicht um Programme, die in das System des Nutzers eindringen und dort Schaden anrichten können. Cookies richten auf dem Endgerät des Nutzers keinen Schaden an, enthalten keine Viren, Trojaner oder sonstige Schadsoftware. In einem Cookie werden dennoch Informationen abgelegt, die sich jeweils im Zusammenhang mit dem spezifisch eingesetzten Endgerät ergeben. Cookies enthalten Buchstaben- und Zahlenkombinationen, um z.B. bei einer erneuten Verbindung zur Cookie-setzenden Website den Nutzer und seine Einstellungen wiederzuerkennen, das Eingeloggt-Bleiben in einem Kunden-Konto zu ermöglichen oder ein bestimmtes Nutzungsverhalten statistisch zu analysieren. Ist das Cookie gelöscht, etwa weil es der Nutzer gelöscht hat oder weil es sich selbst gelöscht hat, dann ist eine solche Wiedererkennung bzw. das Nachvollziehen einer Nutzungshandlung nicht möglich und auch kein „Auslesen“ des Cookies.
19.4 Der Zugriff auf ein Cookie bzw. eine ähnliche Technologie ist grundsätzlich nur von der Internetadresse aus möglich, von der das Cookie gesetzt wird. Das heißt, wir haben keinen Zugriff auf die Cookies der fremden Anbieter. Diese haben auch keinen Zugriff auf unsere (eigenen) Cookies. Dritte haben weder auf unsere Cookies noch auf die der eingesetzten Anbieter Zugriff. Ein Zugriff durch Dritte kann nur durch technische Angriffe erlangt werden, die wir nicht kontrollieren können und für die wir nicht verantwortlich sind.
19.5 Der Browser, der durch den Nutzer zum Aufruf unserer Webseiten benutzt wird, lässt über die Einstellung „Datenschutz“ oder „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ bzw. im Rahmen der anderweitig benannten Sicherheitseinstellungen die Verwaltung von Cookies und Webseiten-Daten im Wege des Selbstdatenschutzes zu. Der Nutzer kann somit das Setzen von Cookies und das Verfolgen seiner Nutzeraktivitäten (das „Tracking“). Zumeist akzeptieren Webbrowser die Cookies durch Voreinstellungen automatisch. Der Nutzer hat es also in der Hand, ob und wie er dieses Verhalten seines Browsers für seine Zwecke einstellt. Werden Cookies und Webseiten-Daten durch Browsereinstellung nicht akzeptiert, wird das Tracking unterbunden. Es kann dann dazu kommen, dass die aufgerufenen Webseiten ganz oder zum Teil nicht oder nicht angenehm funktionieren.
19.6 Nutzer können gesetzte Cookies in den Sicherheitseinstellungen ihres Browsers auch jederzeit ganz oder zum Teil löschen, zum Beispiel nach Beendigung ihrer Internet-Sitzung. Dann werden bei erneutem Start einer Sitzung keine Cookies oder nur die nicht gelöschten auf dem Endgerät des Nutzers verbleiben. Damit kann das Endgerät des Nutzers bei erneutem Aufruf einer Webseite nicht „wiedererkannt“ werden.
20 Webanalyse/Messdienste
Wir sind darauf angewiesen, das Funktionieren bzw. die Akzeptanz unserer Webseiten zu kennen und setzen gelegentlich, nicht ständig, Messdienste Dritter Anbieter ein. Soweit wir für unsere Webseiten Google Analytics 4, einen Webanalysedienst der Google Inc., USA, einsetzen, ist das für die Nutzer dadurch erkenntlich, dass wir zur Aktivierung dieses Dienstes ausdrücklich die Einwilligung des Nutzers einholen und dass dies über ein Zustimmungs-Banner (siehe Ziffer 21) geschieht. Soweit wir für unsere Webseiten das Analyse-Werkzeug Matomo einsetzen, ist das Einholen der Nutzer-Einwilligung aus technischer Sicht und aus datenschutzrechtlicher Sicht nicht erforderlich. Über beide Analyse-Werkzeuge/Messdienste informieren wir nachstehen gesondert.
20.1 Google Analytics 4
20.1.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Wir verwenden für unsere Webseiten Google Analytics 4, einen Webanalysedienst der Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; „Google“) zur Analyse und statistischen Auswertung der Nutzung unserer Website (Web-Analyse). Verantwortliche Stelle für Nutzer in der EU/ dem EWR und der Schweiz ist Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland. Web-Analyse ist die Erhebung, Sammlung und Auswertung von Informationen, wie die Nutzer unserer Webseiten diese benutzen. Die Web-Analyse wird durch uns zur Optimierung unserer Internetseiten, insbesondere zur Kosten-Nutzen-Analyse eingesetzt. Das ermöglicht uns eine bedarfsgerechte Gestaltung unserer Website.
Google Analytics 4 in der von uns gewählten Einstellung erfasst folgende Informationen:
Ihren ungefährer Standort (Region)
Datum und Uhrzeit Ihres Besuchs
Ihre IP-Adresse (in gekürzter Form)
technische Informationen zu Ihrem Browser und den von Ihnen genutzten Endgeräten (z.B. Spracheinstellung, Bildschirmauflösung)
Ihren Internetanbieter
die Referrer-URL (über welche Website/ über welches Werbemittel Sie auf unsere Website gekommen sind)
Google Analytics 4 in der von uns gewählten Einstellung erfasst das folgende Nutzungsverhalten, „Ereignisse“ genannt:
Seitenaufrufe
Erstmaliger Besuch der Website
Start der Sitzung
Besuchte Webseiten
Ihr „Klickpfad“, Interaktion mit der Website
Scrolls (immer wenn ein Nutzer bis zum Seitenende (90%) scrollt)
Klicks auf externe Links
interne Suchanfragen
Interaktion mit Videos
Dateidownloads
gesehene / angeklickte Anzeigen
Ihre IP-Adresse wird zwar gespeichert, jedoch standardmäßig anonymisiert.
20.1.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, uns Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Webseiten zu erteilen. Wir bitten Sie um Ihre Einwilligung. Diese ist freiwillig und jederzeit widerrufbar. Für die Erteilung Ihrer Einwilligung und für den Widerruf können Sie unser Zustimmungs-Banner nutzen.
20.1.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, uns Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Webseiten zu erteilen. Wir bitten Sie über unser Zustimmungs-Banner um Ihre Einwilligung. Diese ist freiwillig und jederzeit widerrufbar. Für die Erteilung Ihrer Einwilligung und für den Widerruf können Sie unser Zustimmungs-Banner nutzen.
20.1.4 Empfänger/ Kategorien Empfänger/Drittland: Die über Google Analytics 4 erhobenen Informationen werden an Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, wahrscheinlich auch an Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA und wahrscheinlich auch an Alphabet Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA übertragen, sobald wir Google Analytics 4 einsetzen.
Die Informationen über Ihre Benutzung dieser Website werden in der Regel an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Von dort beziehen wir die Analyseergebnisse als „Reports“ für unsere Zwecke. Personenbezogene Daten der Nutzer, welche Google übermittelt erhält, sind nicht anonymisiert. Behörden der US-Bundesstaaten könnten Zugriff auf diese personenbezogenen Daten haben. Google kann diese personenbezogenen Daten für beliebige eigene Zwecke (z. B. Profiling und plattformübergreifendes Tracking) verwenden.
Es werden durch uns niemals persönliche Daten wie Name, Anschrift oder Kontaktdaten an Google übertragen.
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, ist nach den durch Google im Rahmen unserer Bestellung von Google Analytics 4 von dort gestellten „Auftragsdatenverarbeitungsbedingungen für Google Werbeprodukte“ unser Auftragsverarbeiter nach Art. 28 DS-GVO).
Bei Google Analytics 4 ist die Kürzung von IP-Adressen standardmäßig aktiviert. Nur in Ausnahmefällen wird die volle IP-Adresse an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gekürzt. Die im Rahmen von Google Analytics 4 von Ihrem Browser übermittelte IP-Adresse wird laut Google nicht mit anderen Daten von Google zusammengeführt.
Google LLC ist nach dem EU-US Privacy Framework zertifiziert, die Übermittlung von Google-Analytics-Daten in die USA ist insoweit erlaubt.
Nähere Informationen zu Nutzungsbedingungen von Google Analytics 4 und zum Datenschutz bei Google finden Sie unter
      https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/de/
      sowie unter https://policies.google.com/?hl=de. Die Auftragsverarbeitungsbedingungen finden Sie unter: https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Selbstdatenschutz: Sie können die Speicherung von Cookies auch von vornherein durch eine entsprechende Einstellung Ihrer Browser-Software verhindern. Wenn Sie Ihren Browser so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden, kann es jedoch zu Einschränkung von Funktionalitäten auf unserer und anderen Websites kommen. Sie können darüber hinaus die Erfassung der durch das Cookie erzeugten und auf Ihre Nutzung der Website bezogenen Daten (inkl. Ihrer IP-Adresse) an Google sowie die Verarbeitung dieser Daten durch Google verhindern, indem Sie Ihre Zustimmung/ Einwilligung in das Setzen des Cookies nicht erteilen oder das Browser-Add-on zur Deaktivierung von Google Analytics herunterladen und installieren; der Link ist: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
20.1.5 Speicherdauer: Über Dauer der Speicherung der Google-Analytics-4-Cookies informiert unsere Cookie-Tabelle, die über das Zustimmungs-Banner unter „Informationen“ einzusehen ist.
Die Analyse-Reports, die wir aufgrund der Webanalyse durch Google Analytics 4 erhalten, um unsere Webseiten zu optimieren, werden nach zwei Monaten durch uns gelöscht.
20.2 Matomo
20.2.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Wir verwenden für unsere Webseiten den Messdienst Matomo. Der EU-Vertreter des Open-Source-Projekts Matomo als Verantwortlicher oder Auftragsverarbeiter, der nicht in der EU ansässig ist (Art. 27 DS-GVO) ist: ePrivacy Holding mbH, Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg. Die Durchführung der Messdienste geschieht ausschließlich auf unseren eigenen Servern. Für statistische Zwecke werten wir anonyme Nutzerinformationen aus. Diese anonymen Nutzerinformationen sind:
die URL, von der aus unsere Homepage oder eine ihrer Unterseiten aufgerufen wird (z.B. eine Suchmaschine oder eine Verlinkung von einer anderen Webseite)
die aufgerufenen URLs unserer Webseiten
die Verweildauer auf unseren jeweiligen Webseiten
die eingegebenen Suchbegriffe
Informationen, die vom Zugriffsgerät des Nutzers übermittelt werden (Betriebssystem Bildschirmauflösung, Browser, Spracheinstellung des Browsers)
Wir haben Matomo so eingestellt, dass die IP-Adressen nicht vollständig verarbeitet, sondern zwei Oktette der IP-Adresse maskiert werden (Bsp.: 192.168.xxx.xxx). Dies geschieht über das Plugin „AnonymizeIP“. Auf diese Weise ist eine Zuordnung zu dem Zugriffsgerät eines Nutzers nicht mehr möglich, sodass der Nutzer anonym bleibt. „Matomo“ erstellt anhand dieses Teils der IP-Adresse des Nutzers und verschiedener technischer Informationen, die das Zugriffsgerät des Nutzers übermittelt (Betriebssystem, Browser-Name, Browser-Plugins, Spracheinstellungen des Browsers), eine ID-Nummer, über welche die Software-Aktivitäten auf unseren Webseiten einem Webseiten- Besucher zugeordnet werden kann. Aus dieser ID kann jedoch die Identität als Nutzers nicht ermittelt oder zurückverfolgt werden. Die Zuordnung zu einer ID-Nr. geschieht über Java-Script-Elemente.
20.2.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Die Nutzer stellen uns keine personenbezogenen Daten für die Webanalyse bereit.
20.2.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Mangels Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten für die Webanalyse ist keine Rechtsgrundlage für den Einsatz von Matomo in der hier verwendeten anonymen Funktion erforderlich.
20.2.4 Empfänger/Drittland: S.O. Ziffer 4. Soweit wir für unsere Webseiten den Messdienst Matomo einsetzen, geschieht ausschließlich auf unseren eigenen Servern (On-Premise-Self-Hosting). Es kommt zu keiner weiteren Datenübermittlung an Dritte.
20.2.5 Speicherdauer: Es werden keine personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert.
21 Zustimmungs- und Widerrufsverwaltung
21.1 Zweck: Soweit wir ein Zustimmungs-Banner hinsichtlich zustimmungsbedürftiger Cookies einsetzen, sind wir nach dem Gesetz verpflichtet, die vom Nutzer getroffene Wahl (Zustimmung, Nichtzustimmung, Widerruf) zu dokumentieren. Für diesen Zweck setzten wir ein technisch erforderliches Cookie ein, für welches wir keine Einwilligung gemäß TTDSG und DS-GVO benötigen. Die Speicherung der Auswahlentscheidung des Nutzers geschieht mittels Cookie.
21.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Die Nutzer unserer Webseiten, soweit deren Nutzung durch Google-Analytics 4 analysiert wird, sind verpflichtet, uns entweder Ihre Einwilligung (Zustimmung) zu erklären oder uns mitzuteilen, dass sie nicht zustimmen. Ohne Auswahlentscheidung können Nutzer unsere Webseiten, die durch Google-Analytics 4 erfasst werden, nicht nutzen.
21.3 Rechtsgrundlage: für unsere Datenverarbeitung im Rahmen des Einwilligungs-bzw. Widerrufs- und Widerspruchs-Managements ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f DS-GVO (berechtigtes Interesse) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. c DS-GVO i.V.m. Art. 5 Abs. 2 DS-GVO (gesetzliche Verpflichtung) bzw. § 25 Abs. 2 Nr. 2 TTDSG. Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Dokumentation der Einwilligung bzw. des Widerrufs oder eines Widerspruchs gegen Datenverarbeitungen sowie eine gesetzliche Verpflichtung hierzu.
21.4 Empfänger/Drittland. S.o., Ziffer 4.
21.5 Speicherdauer: Weil wir nach dem Gesetz verpflichtet sind, die Einwilligung der Nutzer bzw. Nichteinwilligung zu beachten oder einen Widerruf einer erteilten Einwilligung zu respektieren, sind wir aufgrund unserer Dokumentationsverpflichtung aus Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. c und 5 Abs. 2 DS-GVO gehalten, die Einwilligung und auch einen Widerruf zu speichern. Die Einwilligungsdaten sowie die Widerrufsdaten speichern wir für die Dauer von drei Jahren, beginnend mit dem Schluss eines Kalenderjahres. Über die Dauer der Speicherung des Cookies selbst informiert unsere Cookie-Tabelle, die über das Zustimmungs-Banner unter „Informationen“ einzusehen ist.
22 Kundenkonto/Nutzerkonto
22.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Wir benötigen erforderliche personenbezogene Daten derjenigen Personen, die mit uns einen Webhosting-Vertrag, auch in einer vorrübergehenden Testphase, abschließen und unsere Leistungen als Kunde bzw. Nutzer in Anspruch nehmen möchten. Die Verarbeitung der hierfür erforderlichen personenbezogenen Daten erfolgt zur Erbringung unserer Webhosting-Dienstleistungen einschließlich der Vermittlung von Domains im Rahmen der Durchführung unserer Verträge mit unseren Kunden oder zur Durchführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen, die auf deren Anfrage hin erfolgen. Dies einbezieht die vorvertragliche und die nachvertragliche Kommunikation. Die Zwecke der Datenverarbeitung richten sich in erster Linie nach dem konkreten Vertragsprodukt (z.B. Webhosting-Tarif, Server-Tarif) und umfassen auch die Anwenderunterstützung durch einen administrativen und technischen Support mittels Telefonat oder sonstiger Kommunikation. Kunden erhalten ein individualisiertes Nutzerkonto für die Bereiche MembersArea und KAS und können sich dort mit oder ohne 2-Faktor-Authentifizierung anmelden. Damit erhalten sie einen Zugang zu und einen Zugriff auf die im jeweiligen Vertrag gebuchten Leistungen. Der Vertragsabschluss erfolgt in aller Regel online über unsere Webseite www.all-inkl.com. Der Nutzer unserer Webseite hat als Verbraucher oder als Unternehmer die Möglichkeit, sich auf der genannten Webseite unter Angabe von personenbezogenen Daten zu dem von ihm ausgewählten Vertragsprodukt zu registrieren. Welche personenbezogenen Daten dabei an uns bereitzustellen sind und an uns über Schaltflächen übermittelt werden, ist der jeweiligen Eingabemaske zu entnehmen, die für die Bestellung verwendet wird. Die vom künftigen Kunden eingegebenen personenbezogenen Daten werden ausschließlich für die interne Verwendung für eigene Zwecke, im Falle von Vermittlungsdienstleistungen auch für fremde Zwecke erhoben und weiterverarbeitet.
22.1.1 Mit dem Abschluss eines Vertrags und für die Anlage eines Kundenkontos werden wenigstens folgende Daten erhoben und verarbeitet: Zugangsdaten (Benutzername, Passwort), Kontaktdaten (wie Name, Anschrift, E-Mail-Adresse, Telefonnummer), Bankdaten (insbesondere für das SEPA-Lastschriftmandat), IP-Adresse, Bestelldaten für Produkte und Dienstleistungen, Inhaltsdaten.
22.1.2 Um für Kunden eine Domain zu registrieren oder die Verwaltung einer Domain des Kunden über uns erledigen zu lassen, diese zu konfigurieren, zu pflegen oder zu löschen, müssen gemäß den Regeln der ICANN oder bestimmter Registrierungsstellen Informationen zur Registrierung von Domainnamen über eine "WHOIS"-Suche verfügbar und der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich gemacht werden (Registrierungsdaten). Die WHOIS-Datenbank ist eine öffentlich zugängliche Datenbank, die die Registrierungsinformationen für Domainnamen für einen bestimmten Domainnamen, die Nameserver, auf die der Domainname zeigt, sowie das Erstellungs- und Verfallsdatum des Domainnamens auflistet. Die vom Nutzer bzw. Kunden angegebenen ggf. personenbezogenen Daten zur Registrierung von Domainnamen werden von uns als Bestandsdaten gespeichert und über die WHOIS-Suche der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich gemacht. Wir können die Domain-Registrierungsdaten auch bei einem Drittanbieter hinterlegen, um die ICANN-Anforderungen zu erfüllen.
22.1.3 Bestands- und Kontaktdaten sowie ggf. weitere vorhandene Daten können zur Authentifizierung bzw. Wiederherstellung oder Verwendung eines Kundenzugangs genutzt werden, wie auch zur Sperrung künftiger Zugänge für eine Leistungsinanspruchnahme.
22.1.4 Zur Registrierung, Konfiguration, Wartung und Löschung von SSL-Zertifikaten für unsere Kunden verarbeiten wir deren Bestandsdaten. Bei der Verschaffung und/oder Pflege von SSL-Zertifikaten werden wir im Verhältnis zwischen dem Kunden und dem jeweiligen Zertifikatsaussteller lediglich als Vermittler in seinem Auftrag tätig. Wir haben auf die Zertifikatsausstellung keinen Einfluss.
22.1.5 Für die Anlage, Konfigurierung und Löschung von E-Mail-Postfächern, die der Kunde in seiner Verantwortung organisiert und diese Postfächer ggf. Dritten in eigener Verantwortung zur Verfügung stellt, verarbeiten wir Bestandsdaten, Inhaltsdaten der Kommunikation und Verkehrsdaten im Auftrag des Kunden.
22.1.6 Im Kundensupport erheben und verarbeiten wir Daten, um dem Kunden zu helfen und Probleme zu beheben. Wir verwenden diese Daten (einschließlich Ihrer Mitteilungen), um Beschwerden und Probleme (z.B. Fehler) zu untersuchen, zu beantworten und zu beheben. Dazu speichern erstellen ggf. ein Supportprotokoll und legen es zur Kundennummer ab.
22.1.7 Wir bieten als Zahlungsmöglichkeit das SEPA-Lastschriftverfahren an. Bei Zahlung per Lastschrift werden im Rahmen der Zahlungsabwicklung Ihr Name, der Rechnungsbetrag, den Verwendungszweck sowie Ihre Kontodaten an unseren Zahlungsdienstleister bzw. unsere Hausbank übermittelt, um die Zahlung durchzuführen. Rechtsgrundlage der Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DS-GVO. Bei Zahlung unserer Leistungen im SEPA-Lastschriftverfahren wird durch den Kontoinhaber für uns ein SEPA-Lastschrift-Mandat ausgestellt, um dem Zahlungsvorgang zuzustimmen (Autorisierung). Dabei werden folgende Daten gespeichert und verarbeitet: Name und Adresse des Kontoinhabers, Rechnungsbetrag und Verwendungszweck, Gläubiger-Identifikationsnummer (CI), Mandatsreferenz, Name des Zahlenden, Bank des Zahlenden, IBAN, Einmalige oder wiederkehrende Zahlung.
22.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Sie müssen uns Daten für ein Kunden- bzw. Nutzerkonto bereitstellen, wenn Sie einen Vertrag zur Inanspruchnahme unserer Leistungen mit uns schließen möchten.
22.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Rechtsgrundlage für die Speicherung der Daten in einem Kunden- bzw. Nutzerkonto ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 b DS-GVO (Vertrag, vorvertragliche Maßnahme).
22.4 Empfänger/ Kategorien Empfänger/Drittland: Sämtliche Daten der Nutzer unserer Webseiten sowie unserer Kunden verarbeitet unser Auftragsverarbeiter nach Ziffer 4.2, der die personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich für eine interne Verwendung, die uns zuzurechnen ist, verarbeitet.
22.5 Speicherdauer: Sobald die im Kunden bzw. Nutzerkonto verarbeiteten Daten der Nutzer bzw. Kunden für die Durchführung des Vertrages nicht mehr erforderlich sind, werden sie gelöscht. Auch nach Ende des Vertrags kann es erforderlich sein, personenbezogene Daten von den Kunden bzw. Nutzern zu speichern, um vertraglichen oder gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen. Eine weitergehende Speicherung kann im Einzelfall dann erfolgen, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, insbesondere wenn gesetzliche steuerliche oder kaufmännische Aufbewahrungsfristen durch und zu beachten sind.
22.6 Auftragsverarbeitung für unsere Kunden
22.6.1 Je nach Dienstleistung, die ein Kunde von uns im Rahmen eines Webhosting-Pakets in Anspruch nimmt und entsprechend der von ihm vorgenommenen und verantworteten Tätigkeiten, ist der Kunde nach außen selbst der datenschutzrechtlich Verantwortliche für die Datenverarbeitung, wenn er durch seine Tätigkeit die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten Dritter bestimmt, indem er selbst personenbezogene Daten Dritter verarbeitet. Das gilt insbesondere für den Fall, dass der Kunde auf den durch uns zur Verfügung gestellten Speicherplätzen eine Webseite mit Inhalten veröffentlicht oder E-Mail-Konten für sich oder Dritte einrichtet und administriert. Den Kunden, der diese Webseiten bzw. E-Mail-Konten betreibt und kontrolliert, treffen dann die datenschutzrechtlichen Pflichten der DS-GVO unmittelbar. Er ist der „Datenverantwortliche“ für die mit diesen Tätigkeiten verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten und Informationen und ist allein, vollständig und uneingeschränkt verantwortlich und haftbar für die Einhaltung aller Gesetze und Vorschriften, die für die Erhebung und Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten und Informationen gelten. Es ist Ermessen des Kunden, ob er überhaupt personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, welche Datenarten/ Kategorien dies sind, wer die Datenempfänger sind, auf welcher Rechtsgrundlage Daten verarbeitet und wie lange sie gespeichert werden. Der Kunde ist in diesem Fall allein, vollständig und vollumfänglich verantwortlich für die Sicherheit, Integrität und autorisierte Nutzung von personenbezogenen Daten und Informationen, die Besucher und Nutzer seiner Webseiten oder hierauf basierenden Dienste betreffen sowie für die Einholung von Zustimmungen, Genehmigungen und die Bereitstellung von Hinweisen zur fairen Verarbeitung, die für die Erfassung und Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten und Informationen erforderlich sind. Der Kunde ist in diesem Fall auch verpflichtet zu prüfen, ob unserer technischen und organisatorischen Maßnahmen für Zwecke des Kunden ausreichend sind, anderenfalls der Kunde unsere Dienste insoweit ggf. nicht in Anspruch nehmen darf. Wir haben als Webhosting-Provider keinen direkten Bezug zu den einzelnen Besuchern und Nutzern der Webseiten bzw. Nutzern und Inhabern der E-Mail-Konten, deren personenbezogene Daten unser Kunde verarbeitet.
22.6.2 Wir selbst nehmen in der Konstellation von Ziffer 22.6.1 lediglich die Stelle als weisungsgebundener Auftragsverarbeiter für den Kunden als unser weisungsberechtigter Auftraggeber ein. Diese Konstellation verpflichtet uns und den Kunden, nach Art. 28 DS-GVO eine Vereinbarung über die Auftrags(daten)verarbeitung abzuschließen. Unter der Rubrik "Wichtig zu wissen" informieren wir auf unserer Webseite zu dieser Thematik und auch dazu, wie der Auftrags(daten)verarbeitungsvertrag nach vorformulierten Vertragsbedingungen in einem elektronischen Format zustande kommt. Diesen Vertrag über die Auftrags(daten)Verarbeitung haben wir nach den Anforderungen der Standardvertragsklauseln gemäß
Durchführungsbeschluss (EU) 2021/915
der europäischen Kommission vom 04.06 2021 gestaltet und geben diese Klauseln vor.
22.6.3 Der Kunde ist möglicherweise dann von der Verpflichtung zum Abschluss eines Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrags mit uns befreit, wenn er eine natürliche Person ist und personenbezogene Daten zur Ausübung ausschließlich persönlicher oder familiärer Tätigkeiten über unsere Dienste erhebt und verarbeitet.
22.6.4 Sollte unser Kunde aufgrund alter Webhosting-Verträge keine Vereinbarung zur Auftragsverarbeitung mit uns abgeschlossen haben, dazu jedoch verpflichtet sein, muss er den Abschluss eines Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrags mit uns nachholen und kann dazu in der MembersArea diesen Vertrag auf elektronischem Weg mit uns abschließen.
22.6.5 Der Kunde kann einem Auftrags(daten)verarbeitungsvertrag widersprechen, wenn es z. B. im Einzelfall um eine Nutzung unserer Leistungen geht, bei der der Kunde keine personenbezogenen Daten durch uns außerhalb unserer Pflicht zur vertraglichen oder vorvertraglichen Verarbeitung der Daten des Kunden verarbeiten lässt oder er sich aus anderen Gründen nicht für verpflichtet hält, einen Auftrags(daten)verarbeitungsvertrag mit uns abzuschließen. Falls der Kunde dem Auftrags(daten)verarbeitungsvertrag widersprechen möchten, bitten wir um entsprechende Rückmeldung, die eine Begründung enthalten muss. Wir werden die Begründung prüfen und entscheiden, ob mit der Begründung des Kunden ein gesetzmäßiger Zustand auch ohne Auftrags(daten)verarbeitungsvertrag gewährleistet ist und der Webhosting-Vertrag mit dem Kunden aufrechterhalten werden kann.
23 Stellenbewerbungen
23.1 Zweck: Zur Bearbeitung einer bei uns eingegangenen Bewerbung um eine ausgeschriebene Stelle oder zur Bearbeitung einer Initiativbewerbung erheben und verarbeiten wir die dazu erforderlichen und die uns in den Bewerbungsunterlagen bekannt gegebenen personenbezogenen Daten.
23.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Ohne Bereitstellung aussagekräftiger personenbezogener Bewerbungsinformationen können wir ein Bewerbungsverfahren nicht durchführen.
23.3 Rechtsgrundlage: für unsere Datenverarbeitung im Rahmen des Bewerbungsverfahrens ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b DS-GVO (Vertrag, Vertragsanbahnung). In aller Regel kommt es zur Verarbeitung von Stammdaten, Kontaktdaten, Inhaltsdaten, Vertragsdaten, ggf. Verbindungsdaten und Nutzungsdaten und ggf. besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten i.S. des Art. 9 Abs. 1 DS-GVO (abhängig von der konkreten Stellenausschreibung). Es werden ausschließlich Informationen zur konkreten Bewerbung gespeichert, die in der Bewerbung enthalten sind und die wir im Kontext von Bewerbungen verarbeiten dürfen.
23.4 Empfänger/Drittland. Bei uns eingegangene Bewerbungen leiten wir in aller Regel unmittelbar an unseren Auftragsverarbeiter nach Ziffer 4.2 weiter, der diese Daten in eigener Verantwortung verarbeitet und hierüber gesondert datenschutzrechtliche Informationen an den Bewerber erteilt.
23.5 Speicherdauer: Abgelehnte Bewerberdaten werden nach 6 Monaten gelöscht. Insofern es zu einer Anstellung kommt, werden die Bewerbungsunterlagen in die Personalakte überführt.
24 TCO-Management bei terroristischen Inhalten
24.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Im Zusammenhang mit rechtswidrigen terroristischen Inhalten auf Webseiten der Kunden speichert NMM damit zusammenhängende (ggf. von den Webseiten bereits entfernte) Inhalte und die damit zusammenhängenden Daten für Zwecke strafrechtlicher, zivilrechtlicher bzw. verwaltungsrechtlicher behördlicher oder gerichtlicher Verfahren, insbesondere zur Verhinderung, Erkennung, Ermittlung und Verfolgung von terroristischen Straftaten, für den erforderlichen Zeitraum. Dies geschieht insbesondere dann, wenn wegen der (gesetzlich verpflichtenden) Entfernung des betreffenden Inhalts Informationen verloren gehen würden. Mit den Inhalten zusammenhängende Daten können beispielsweise Teilnehmerdaten, insbesondere Daten, die sich auf die Identität des Inhalteanbieters (der Webseiten) beziehen, sowie Zugangsdaten umfassen, darunter das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Nutzung und die Anmeldung bei und Abmeldung von dem Dienst, zusammen mit der IP-Adresse, die der Internetzugangsanbieter dem Inhalteanbieter zuweist.
24.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Es besteht keine Verpflichtung der betroffenen Person, personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf die Veröffentlichung terroristischer Online-Inhalte NMM bereitzustellen.
24.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Art. 6 Abs. 1 c DS-GVO (Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung) i.V.m. Art. 6 Verordnung (EU) 2021/784 vom 29.04.2021.
24.4 Empfänger/Kategorien Empfänger: Behörden, einschließlich Gerichte, die mit einem konkreten Verfahren i.B. auf terroristische Inhalte befasst sind oder an welche terroristische Online-Inhalte gemeldet werden müssen.
24.5 Speicherdauer: Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf terroristische Online-Inhalte nach Art. 6 Verordnung (EU) 2021/784 vom 29.04.2021 werden für einen Zeitraum von sechs Monaten nach ihrer Entfernung oder Sperrung gespeichert. Auf Anordnung der zuständigen Behörde oder des zuständigen Gerichts werden die terroristischen Inhalte nur dann für einen weiteren festgelegten Zeitraum gespeichert, wenn und solange dies für laufende behördliche oder gerichtliche Überprüfungsverfahren nach Art. 6 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a Verordnung (EU) 2021/784 erforderlich ist.
25 Behördenanordnungen und Auskunftsersuchen zu rechtswidrigen Inhalten
25.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: Nach Eingang einer behördlichen Anordnung zum Vorgehen gegen (allgemein) rechtswidrige Inhalte nach Art. 9 Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 oder einer behördlichen Auskunftsanordnung über Nutzer nach Art. 10 Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 oder aufgrund anderer nationaler zivil- und strafrechtlicher Vorschriften erhebt und verarbeitet NMM auch damit verbundene personenbezogene Daten zu Nutzern, welche die Behörde an NMM übermittelt. Im Rahmen von Auskunftsanordnungen sind dies Daten, welche NMM ohnehin bereits für Zwecke der Erbringung der Leistungen erfasst hat und die der Verfügungsgewalt von NMM unterliegen. NMM informiert den betroffenen Nutzer über die erhaltene Anordnung und deren Ausführung, soweit nicht gesetzliche Geheimhaltungspflichten dem entgegenstehen. Im vorgenannten Verfahren verarbeitet NMM auch die Kontaktdaten der meldenden Personen (Ansprechpartner) in den Behörden.
25.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Es besteht keine Verpflichtung der betroffenen Person, personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf die Veröffentlichung rechtswidriger Inhalte bereitzustellen.
25.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Art. 6 Abs. 1 c DS-GVO (Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung) i.V.m. Art. 9 und 10 Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 bzw. entsprechend andere nationale zivil- und strafrechtliche Vorschriften.
25.4 Empfänger/Kategorien Empfänger/Drittland: Über den Auftragsverarbeiter gem. Ziffer. 4 übermittelt NMM Auskünfte nach Art. 10 Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 an die zuständigen Behörden. Entsprechend gilt dies in Bezug auf Behörden zu anderen nationalen zivil- und strafrechtlichen Vorschriften. Ggf. übermittelt NMM personenbezogene Daten an Strafverfolgungs- oder Justizbehörden, soweit NMM eine Verpflichtung zur Strafanzeige nach Art. 18 der Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 trifft.
25.5 Speicherdauer: Die Dauer der Speicherung von personenbezogenen Daten im Verfahren nach Ziffer 25.1 richtet sich nach den eventuellen Beschränkungen bzw. Sanktionen, welche NMM zur Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen nach Art. 9 und 10 der Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 oder anderer Vorschriften zu erfüllen hat und nach den Zeiträumen, nach welchen NMM für ihre getroffenen Entscheidungen haftbar gemacht werden kann. Dieser Zeitraum entspricht mindestens dem Ablauf der zivilrechtlichen oder strafrechtlichen Verjährungsfristen.
26 Beschwerdemanagement zu rechtswidrigen Inhalten
26.1 Zweck der Datenverarbeitung: NMM erhebt die folgenden Informationen von Personen oder Einrichtungen, welche rechtswidrige Inhalte in den Diensten von NMM, vorzugsweise mittels der bereit gehaltenen elektronischen Meldemaske, melden möchten: Name, Vorname, Anschrift und E-Mail-Kontaktadresse der meldenden Person sowie, ggf. Authentifizierungsdaten zur Überprüfung der Identität der meldenden Person sowie Inhaltsdaten zur Meldung. Erhoben und gespeichert wird auch die Erklärung der meldenden Person, dass sie in gutem Glauben davon überzeugt ist, dass die in der Meldung enthaltenen Angaben und Anführungen richtig und vollständig sind.
26.2 Bereitstellungsverpflichtung: Ohne die Datenerhebung nach Ziffer 26.1 wird NMM die Beschwerden von Nutzern oder Einrichtungen über eventuell rechtswidrige Inhalte in den Diensten von NMM in der Regel nicht bearbeiten.
26.3 Rechtsgrundlage: Art. 6 Abs. 1 c DS-GVO (Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung) i.V.m. Art. 16 Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022.
26.4 Empfänger/Kategorien Empfänger/Drittland: Über den Auftragsverarbeiter gem. Ziffer. 4 übermittelt NMM die im Melde- und Abhilfeverfahren verarbeiteten Daten an diejenige Person in deren Auftrag NMM die vermeintlich rechtswidrigen Informationen gespeichert hat, ggf. an die zuständigen Stellen im Verfahren der rechtlichen Auseinandersetzung hierüber. Ggf. übermittelt NMM personenbezogene Daten an Strafverfolgungs- oder Justizbehörden, soweit NMM eine Verpflichtung zur Strafanzeige nach Art. 18 der Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 trifft.
26.5 Speicherdauer: Die Dauer der Speicherung von personenbezogenen Daten im Verfahren nach Ziffer 26.1 richtet sich nach den eventuellen Beschränkungen bzw. Sanktionen, welche NMM zur Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen, ein Melde- und Abhilfeverfahren (Beschwerdemanagement) nach Art. 16 der Verordnung (EU) 2022/2065 (Gesetz über digitale Dienste) vom 19.10.2022 zu unterhalten hat und nach den Zeiträumen, nach welchen NMM für ihre getroffenen Entscheidungen haftbar gemacht werden kann. Dieser Zeitraum entspricht mindestens dem Ablauf der zivilrechtlichen oder strafrechtlichen Verjährungsfristen.
Über ALL-INKL.COM
Erfahren Sie mehr über unser Unternehmen
Schließen
Wonach suchen Sie?
Seitensuche
Jetzt suchen
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Welche Supportmöglichkeiten stehen mir als Kunde zur Verfügung?
Wie bekomme ich einen neuen Freischaltcode?
Wie kann ich weitere Domains in meinen bestehenden Vertrag integrieren?
Wie verwalte ich die Datenbank?
Habe ich für jeden Domainnamen separate E-Mail-Adressen?
Wichtige Links
Allgemeine Themen
Vertrag
Domain
Datenbanken
E-Mail
Software
Tutorials
INDIVIDU­ELLE ADMINIS­TRATION
Direkte Loginoptionen in Ihren Vertrag, technische Verwaltung, E-Mail-Accounts usw.
SO RICHTEN SIE IHRE E-MAIL EIN
Anleitungen für Thunderbird und viele weitere E-Mail-Programme finden Sie hier.
BRINGEN SIE IHRE DOMAIN MIT
Bereits bei der Bestellung können Sie den Umzug für Ihre Domain angeben.
TARIF­WECHSEL LEICHT GEMACHT
So können Sie jederzeit Ihren Webhostingtarif anpassen.
Sub-policy 1
https://automattic.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);
Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and
Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on
Controllers and Responsible Companies
.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike License
We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on
GitHub
. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account.
Public profile information:
If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information:
There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a
custom domain
, some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, and WooPayments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use
WooPay
to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like
WordAds
, you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you.
Business Profile:
Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features.
Content information:
You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload).
Credentials:
Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly.
Communications with us (hi there!):
You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Job applicant information:
If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles).  You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com.
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like
WooPay
) to buy something from a third party.
Usage information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our
WooCommerce Usage Tracker
also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our
Admin Bar
and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention.
Location information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Stored information:
We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Interactions with other users’ sites:
We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example,
recommend posts
we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile.
Information from cookies & other technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. For example:
Third Party Login:
If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address)
Social Sharing Services:
If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our
Publicize feature
, we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.
Financial Account Info
:
If you use WooPayments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe.
Google Account Information:
When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site.
The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available.
Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services.
For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information.
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services.
For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use.
To place and manage ads in our advertising program.
For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance.
To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public.
For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To fix problems with our Services.
For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience.
For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you.
For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
To recruit and hire new Automatticians.
For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms.  If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information.  This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
:
Subsidiaries and independent contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them.
Third-party vendors:
We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooPayments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on woocommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our
Cookie Policy
).
Legal and regulatory requirements:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our
Legal Guidelines
. Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our
Domain Registrations and Privacy support document
for more details.
To protect rights, property, and others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we
may disclose information related to the emergency without delay
.
Business transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With your consent:
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature.
Aggregated or de-identified information:
We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Site owners:
If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the
Payments feature
) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner.
Published support requests:
If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views!
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your
G
lobally
R
ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website.
We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for
WordPress.com
and
Jetpack
sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter. To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like
Two Step Authentication
.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process.
Limit access to information on your mobile device:
Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs.
Opt out of marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies:
At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can
usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt out of our internal analytics program:
You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close your account:
While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. (
Here
are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site);
Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); and
Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition).
If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected:
Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application.
You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the
Information We Collect section
above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How and Why We Use Information section
. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing Information section
. We retain this information for the length of time described in our
How Long We Keep Information section
.
In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to:
Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;
Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; and
Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in
our Privacy Report
.
Right to Opt Out
We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).
We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of.
You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states.
Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again.
We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.
We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16.
Your Information & Personalized Advertising
Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to
Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program
.
Contacting Us About These Rights
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “
How to Reach Us
” to, well, find out how to reach us.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.
In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing.  Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants.
If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services.
Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide.
The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI).
Automattic Services (except Woo)
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
Automattic Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Woo Services
Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products and services available at woocommerce.com.
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce, Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc.
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the
Your Rights section
above, please contact us through our
web form
or via
email
. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049.
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
How and Why We Use Information section
above.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooPayments (powered by Stripe), Woo extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our
Privacy Notice
.
Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the
WordPress.com Blog,
or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Other Information and Resources
Jetpack Privacy Center
Woo and the GDPR
Translation
Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example:
French:
https://automattic.com/fr/privacy
Spanish:
https://automattic.com/es/privacy
German:
https://automattic.com/de/privacy
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change log
April 22, 2024:
Removed the outdated list of specific US states covered by the US Privacy Laws section
October 31, 2023:
Changed instances of “WooCommerce” to “Woo.”
July 12, 2023:
Added new example of information shared with site owners.
March 17, 2023:
Removed references to WPVIP.
December 30, 2022:
Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states.
October 18, 2022
: Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.
April 26, 2022:
Included information regarding WooPay.
November 22, 2021:
Included information for WPScan.
October 8, 2021:
Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples.
January 1, 2021
: Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
December 7, 2020:
Included information for MailPoet.
October 12, 2020
: Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax.
August 1, 2020
: Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
February 21, 2020:
Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.”
December 31, 2019
: Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout.
October 2, 2019:
A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program.
May 31, 2019:
Included information for the Recurring Payments feature.
April 1, 2019:
Included information for Happy Tools.
March 13, 2019:
Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us.
February 1, 2019:
Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts.
November 6, 2018:
Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal.
September 24, 2018:
Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search.
May 25, 2018:
Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
January 3, 2018:
Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices.
August 22, 2017:
Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section.
November 2, 2016
: Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance.
February 18, 2015:
Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
September 18, 2013:
Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
February 1, 2011:
Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph.
January 3, 2011:
Added court order and subpoena clarification.
July 1, 2010:
Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators.
October 29, 2009:
Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy.
March 10, 2009:
Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies.
Sections
▼
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Creative Commons Sharealike License
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Other Sources
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
Information Shared Publicly
How Long We Keep Information
Security
Choices
Your Rights
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
US Privacy Laws
Contacting Us About These Rights
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
Controllers and Responsible Companies
How to Reach Us
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Third-Party Software and Services
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
Privacy Policy Changes
Other Information and Resources
Translation
Change log
Subscribe
Subscribed
Automattic
Join 10,682 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Automattic
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
Sub-policy 2
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000CbqcAAC&status=Active:
Skip to content
Automattic Inc.
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Other Covered Entities
WPVIP Inc.
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Participation
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  10/4/2023
Next Certification Due Date: 3/14/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  5/12/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 3/14/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  5/12/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 3/14/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
Automattic and WPVIP provide enterprise customers (“Clients”) with website hosting, support and professional services and a content analytics service known as Parse.ly. We process personal data for some Clients when providing those services.

Clients using our website hosting services may provide personal data in the form of information about visitors to the Client’s public-facing websites or intranet sites hosted on the WordPress VIP service (“Client Sites”). Such data may include information relating to end-user accounts (if any) on a Client Site (such as username and email address) and any content containing personal information on a Client Site.  

Parse.ly is an analytics service that Clients use on their websites and applications to track user engagement with the content on those sites and applications. In the course of providing the Parse.ly service, we process personal data regarding such users including, but not limited to, names, addresses, email addresses, ip addresses, unique user IDs and browsing history.

We treat each Client as a data controller for the data described above and we process such data on behalf of our Clients as a data processor.

We disclose such data only to our third-party service providers who help provide the WordPress VIP services to Clients and where disclosure is legally compelled.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
WordPress VIP Data Privacy Framework Notice
Description:
Automattic Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary WPVIP Inc. (together referred to herein as “WordPress VIP”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) with respect to the processing of the WordPress VIP Services Personal Data (as defined below). WordPress VIP has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of WordPress VIP Services Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. WordPress VIP has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of WordPress VIP Services Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.
Effective Date: 10/1/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Automattic Inc. at:
Kevin Hite
Associate General Counsel
Automattic Inc.
Legal Department
60 29th St # 343
San Francisco, California  94110-4929
privacy@wpvip.com
Phone:
(877) 273-3049
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Automattic Inc. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
JAMS
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Automattic Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission
Sub-policy 3
https://www.reamaze.com/privacy:
Re:amaze Global Privacy Notice
Last Revised: November 30, 2023
To view our archived Privacy Policy, click
here
.
Re:amaze products and services are offered by Lantirn, Inc. (“Re:amaze”), a GoDaddy company.  GoDaddy’s Global Privacy Notice and the following related policies and procedures apply to Re:amaze’s processing of Personal Data:
Global Privacy Notice
European Privacy Notice Supplement for EU/EEA, Switzerland, and UK
US Privacy Notice Supplement
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Please click on the hyperlinks above to review the applicable notices and supplements.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
To exercise your privacy rights relating to processing of Personal Data by Re:amaze, you can email us at
privacy@godaddy.com
or by mail at the addresses listed below. To exercise your privacy rights relating to other GoDaddy companies and products, you also can exercise your privacy rights as described in GoDaddy’s Global Privacy Notice and related documents linked above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, you can contact us at
privacy@godaddy.com
or by mail at:
United States: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 2155 E. GoDaddy Way, Tempe, AZ 85284 USA
United Kingdom: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA
European Union (EEA) / Switzerland: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, [Brand] c/o WeWork, Friesenplatz 4, 50672 Köln, Germany
Asia: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898
We respond to all questions or concerns within 30 days.
We use cookies to deliver website functionality and analytics as described in our
cookie policy
. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OK
Sign up with email
Sign up with Google
Sign up with Microsoft
Sub-policy 4
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt:
Typeform uses its own and third party cookies for analytical and profiling / advertising purposes.
Cookie policy
Accept all
Reject all
Thanks for taking the time to read our policies
Question 1
Key
A
Legal Notice and Terms of Use
Key
B
Service Terms and Conditions
Key
C
Qualitative Insights
Key
D
Privacy Policy
Key
E
Data Processing Agreement
Key
F
CCPA Notice
Key
G
Cookie Policy
Key
H
Payment Terms and Conditions
Key
I
Developer Terms and Conditions
Key
J
Report abuse
Sub-policy 5
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 6
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms: Standard Contractual Clauses
Index of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) used in connection with the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Table of Contents
SCCs (Controller-to-Controller)
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
Sub-policy 7
https://zapier.com/privacy/:
Zapier Privacy Statement
Posted date: December 20, 2024
Effective date: January 20, 2025
Prior version
What this Statement Covers
This Zapier Privacy Statement (“
Statement
”) describes how Zapier, Inc. and our affiliated entities (“
Zapier
” or “
we
” or “
us
”) collect, use, process, and share the information of users of our Sites and Services (“
you
” or “
your
”), your rights and choices with respect to your information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. By using our Sites or Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of your personal information as described in this Statement.
In this Statement, the following definitions apply:
“
personal information
” or “
information
” means any personally identifying information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect personal information about you from various sources described below.
“
Services
” means Zapier’s cloud-based automation platform available at
zapier.com
after log-in, Zapier’s developer platform, Zapier APIs and any updates, upgrades, modified versions, extensions, improvements, and derivative works of the foregoing, and any related support and professional services.
“
Sites
” means zapier.com, community.zapier.com, experts.zapier.com, and any other Zapier website, blogs, social media accounts, communities, webpages, forms, promotions, surveys, or events that link to this Statement.
Our Sites are not directed at children under the age of 16, and our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you may not use the Services or provide your information to us through the Site.
For certain individuals, one or more of the following supplemental notices may apply:
Services Supplemental Notice
UK and EU GDPR Supplemental Notice
U.S. States Supplemental Notice
Applicant Supplemental Notice
Personal Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of personal information about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
Information You Provide Us
Registration Information
. If you sign up for an account to use our Services, register to join a community on our Sites, sign up for emails, newsletters or other updates, we may ask you for basic contact information, such as name, email, username, phone number, title, role within your team or organization, and mailing address.
Your Communications with Us
. If you contact us directly (via a contact form, phone, email, chat, or other means), we may collect personal information from you. We may also store the contents of any message or attachments that you send to us or you choose to provide that relate to your communications.
Support Information
. When you request support services or professional services, we will process your personal information such as your name and the contact details you use to contact us, as well as information on the reasons for your support request, and any additional information you may provide in that context.
Events
. If you register for an event that we host, whether in-person or online, we may collect relevant information like your name, phone number, and email address, as well as specific information relevant to the event for which you are registering. We also may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect contact information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Zapier or the Services.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include contact information and other information about you.
Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests
. We may run sweepstakes and contests. Contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing, and business purposes.
Interactive Features
. On certain Sites, we may offer interactive features such as community, forum, blog, chat, and social media pages. We and others who use such Sites may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide via these Sites will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you understand that the information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes. For sharing information through these interactive features on our Sites, we may require you to create an account within the relevant community, in which case we will collect your personal information related to account registration. If you have an account in the Services, we will associate your membership and activities with your Services account.
Payment Processing Information
. When you create a paid account for the Services or otherwise initiate a transaction with us, we use a third-party payment processor to process the payment. We do not collect your credit card number, expiration date, or PIN. The transaction details we retain are those details that allow us to verify that you paid for the Services or transaction, including price, currency, date of payment, payment method, name, and account name.
Services Usage Information
. Certain features of the Services allow you to integrate with, and create actions or commands between, various third-party applications, and process information. The
Services Supplemental Notice
describes how Zapier processes personal information in connection with your use of the Services.
Information Collected from Other Sources
Partner Programs.
We have several partner programs that we make available, including our developer platform program (which allows third-party application providers to build integrations to Zapier), our experts program (which connects experts who help our customers set up and use the Services), our partner reseller program (where authorized partners may resell our Services), our partner referral program (where authorized partners may market and refer users to our Services), and other business partner programs. Partners may also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads, or they may resell our Services. Through partner programs, we collect account registration information (like name, email address, company, and phone number), information about an individual’s technical skill set, comments, questions or feedback, rating or ranking information, images, content, or other information you provide. We may also receive information from our partners (like business contact information, address, job title, email address, or phone number).
Third Parties
. We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including from third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, or detect or prevent fraud. We may also receive personal information about you from social media platforms, such as when you interact with us on those platforms or access our social media content. What information we receive from third parties is governed by the privacy settings, policies, and/or procedures of those third parties, and we encourage you to review them.
Information Collected Automatically
Technical, Device, and Connection Information
. When you visit and interact with our Sites or use our Services, we automatically collect certain information. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred general location based on your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Sites or Services, and information about the links you click while using the Sites or Services. Information we collect may be associated with other accounts and devices.
Usage Information
. To help us understand how you use our Sites and Services and to help us improve them, we may collect data about your interactions with our Sites and Services. This includes information such as crash reports, session lengths and times, the pages or other content with which you engage, any searches you conduct on our Sites and Services, information about how you interact with the Sites or Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Sites or Services.
Cookies and Similar Technology
. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“
Cookies
”) to automatically collect information through the Sites or Services. Cookies are essentially small data files placed on your devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Sites or Services. This information may include IP addresses, location, device type, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, click data, and device-identifying data. We may combine this automatically collected information with other information that you provide us through other channels. You can learn more about these Cookies in the
Zapier Cookie Notice
.
Advertising
. In using the Sites or Services, we may allow select third-party advertising technology partners to place Cookies on the browser of your device to collect information about you as discussed above. These third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers) may use this information to serve relevant content and advertising to you as you browse the Internet and access their own Cookies on your browser to assist in this activity. If you are interested in more information about these online advertising activities and how you can generally control Cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the
Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Opt-Out link
, or
Your Online Choices
to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. We do not control these opt-out links or whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out programs. We are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. You can also opt out of certain online advertising activities by following the instructions in the "Your Choices" section below. Please note that if you use these mechanisms, you may still see advertising on our Sites or across the Internet, but it will not be tailored to you based on your online behavior over time.
How We Use Personal Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for a variety of business purposes, including:
Providing Services
, including to operate, maintain, support, provide our Services and Sites, and answer requests for customer or technical support.
Processing Payments
, including fulfilling our contract with you and processing your payments (which are processed and stored by our third-party payment processors on our behalf).
Communicating with You
, including to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to provide services and information that you request or to respond to comments and questions), to send you marketing communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us, or to respond to questions, comments, and other requests.
Personalization
, including to provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Sites and Services to you, and provide you with the most relevant marketing and advertising materials.
Marketing Zapier Products and Services
, including to provide information about Zapier and Zapier products and services, including events, surveys, contests, offers, and promotions.
Analytics and Product Development
, including to analyze usage trends and preferences in order to improve our Sites and Services, and to develop new products, services, and features.
Customer and Vendor Relationship Management
, including to track emails, phone calls, and other actions you have taken as our customer or vendor.
Aggregate or Anonymize Personal Information
, and use the resulting information for statistical analysis or other purposes.
Automated Decision-Making
, including by processing your personal information using automated means to help make decisions about how we provide the Sites and Services to you. At a high level, this may involve using Services usage and purchase history. This allows us to offer you more relevant products, services, events, and promotions.
Administrative and Legal
, such as to address administrative issues or to defend our legal rights, to enforce our agreements, and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies, as permitted by law.
Security
, through the processing of personal information to protect the integrity, availability, performance, and security of the Sites, Services, or third-party applications integrated with the Services, including preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities or any uses of our Sites or Services in violation of our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share information when one of the following circumstances applies:
Consent
. We may share information with companies, organizations, and other third parties with your consent or to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information.
Public Posts
. Any information that you voluntarily choose to post to a publicly accessible area of our Sites will be available to anyone who has access to that content.
Service Providers
. We may share information with service providers retained in connection with the provision of Sites or the Services. These service providers are only permitted to use this information to provide their services to us, not for their own purposes.
Business Partners
. We may share information with our partners (including resellers, referral partners, integration partners, experts in our community, or developer platform partners) for the purposes of the applicable partnership agreement or to enable our partner programs. At your request, we may provide information to business partners to provide you with a product or service of interest to you. We may also provide information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
To Provide the Services, Partner Programs, and Communities
. We may share information with your teammates, account administrators, billing contact, or technical account users. We will also share your information with third-party applications (at your direction or the direction of an account owner) when an account holder uses the Services. If you participate in our partner programs or communities, we may share your information with other partners, community members, customers, or other users (like when you comment or share information, rate an expert, or express interest in a partner integration).
To Market our Services or Partner Programs
. We may share information with third-party service providers who help us market our Services or our partner programs. These service providers may provide virtual or live events, email marketing tools, sales engagement, or lead generation tools.
For Corporate Transactions
. We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives, and other relevant participants in connection with any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, divestiture, or change in control involving all or a portion of our business or assets, including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
For Legal Reasons
. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with legal obligations, law enforcement requests, and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) establish, enforce, or defend legal claims, or (iv) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
With Advertising and Analytics Providers
. We use analytics services to collect and process certain analytics data. We also work with third-party advertising partners. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. These partners include:
Google
We use Google’s services to collect and process analytics data and to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
Google Privacy and Terms
Meta
We use Meta’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
Meta [Facebook] Data Policy
Facebook Advertising
LinkedIn
We may use LinkedIn’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users, as well as to advertise openings to potential employees.
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
LinkedIn Cookie Policy
Microsoft
We use Microsoft’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
Microsoft Advertising policies
TikTok
We use TikTok’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
TikTok Privacy Policy
Your Choices
You may have the right to object to or opt out of certain uses of your information. Where you have consented to the processing of your information for a specific purpose, you may withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us as described below. Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use your information for other purposes that were not based on your consent.
Email Communications
. From time to time, you may receive marketing or other informational email messages from us. You can unsubscribe from our promotional and marketing emails via the link provided in the emails. You may continue to receive administrative messages after opting out of receiving promotional messages from us. This opt-out does not apply to information necessary to deliver the Services, communities, or partner programs, like your account information or notices we send about the Services’ operation.
Cookies
. Most web browsers allow you to manage Cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about Cookies, you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Additionally, Zapier provides you with a cookie manager for you to update your preferences in our Cookie settings. You can access your Cookie settings labeled as “Manage cookies” in the bottom right section of the Zapier website.
Advertising
. You can learn more about Google’s privacy practices and your options about how they use your information on Google’s
website
. You can also install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. Meta, the parent company of Facebook, provides information about how it uses the information it collects through our Services in its
Data Policy
. You can also learn specifically about Facebook’s advertising practices on its
website
. Some of our advertising partners are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. You can visit those organizations’ websites to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based, personalized ads from their member companies. You can also access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking.
Your Data Privacy Rights
Depending upon your location and in accordance with applicable laws, you may have the right to:
Access
information about you consistent with legal requirements. In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic information transferred to another party.
Request Correction
of your information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Request Deletion
of your information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Request Restriction or Object to Processing
of your information.
Not be Discriminated Against
by us for exercising your privacy rights.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights in connection with the Services, please use the features we make available for this purpose
here
.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights in connection with the Sites, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws, and in some circumstances may need to deny your request in whole or in part (e.g., if we have a legal obligation to maintain your information for a certain purpose). To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requiring you to submit your request via your account. You have the right to submit a request through an authorized agent, but we will require the agent to provide us with your written permission, and we may need to confirm your identity before processing the agent’s request.
Depending on your location of residence, you may have the right to appeal our response to your request. In such circumstances, we will inform you of the right to appeal and the appeal process.
Third-Party Services
Our Sites and Services may contain links to other websites, products, applications, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the content provided by, or the privacy practices of, these third parties. Please be aware that this Statement does not apply to your activities on these third-party websites, products, applications, or services, or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Data Security and Data Transfers
Data Security
. Zapier takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. However, no application, Internet, or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free, and we do not guarantee the security of any personal information. You are also responsible for ensuring that your account and your passwords are protected.
Data Storage and International Data Transfers
. Information that we collect from the Sites will be transferred to, and processed in, the United States and in any other country where Zapier or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or third-party service providers maintain facilities or personnel. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We follow applicable data protection laws when transferring personal data. If you are a resident in or a visitor from the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside of such locations by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal information, or otherwise by implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful transfer mechanism approved by the European Commission.
For data transfers and storage of information we collect from your use of the Services, please refer to the details in the
Services Supplemental Notice
.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Zapier complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the “
UK Extension
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zapier’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension.
Zapier has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to: (1) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF; (2) the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF; and (3) the UK Extension with regard to the processing of personal data received from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension (together with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the “
DPF Principles
”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Statement and any applicable DPF Principles, the applicable DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
In cases of onward transfer of personal information to third parties of data of EU, Swiss, and UK individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S DPF, and the UK Extension, and in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principals, Zapier will remain liable.
Dispute Resolution
You may direct any questions or complaints about this Statement to us by contacting us through the channels indicated below. Any disputes arising out of or related to this Statement will be handled in accordance with the dispute resolution process indicated in your contract with Zapier that refers to this Statement, if applicable. In the case of users of our Services, that means our
Terms of Service
or a signed
Enterprise Agreement
.  For users of our developer platform, that means the
Zapier Platform Agreement
. In the case of users of our Sites, that means our
Website Terms of Use
.
Data Protection Framework Complaints
In compliance with the EU–U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss–U.S. DPF, Zapier commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU–U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss–U.S. DPF should first contact Zapier at the contact information provided below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension, Zapier commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zapier’s compliance with the EU–U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss–U.S. DPF.
As a last resort, and in limited situations, EU, Swiss, and UK individuals may invoke binding arbitration from the E.U.-U.S. DPF Panel for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the DPF Mechanisms:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Notice of Changes
The Services, the Sites, and our business may change from time to time. As a result, we may make changes to this Statement. We reserve the right to update or modify this Statement at any time and from time to time. If we make changes to this Statement, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page that a change has been made and the date the Statement was last revised. Your continued use of the Site or Services after the date any such notice constitutes your acceptance of the modifications. We encourage you to read this Statement periodically to stay up to date about our privacy practices.
Contacting Zapier
If you have any questions or comments about this Statement, how we collect and use your information, your choices or rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone
: (877) 381-8743
Email
:
privacy@zapier.com
Postal Address
:
Zapier, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department/Privacy
548 Market St. #62411
San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
Change Log
Date of Change
: December 20, 2024
Description of Change
: Updates made to the Statement to:
Restructure the Statement and its language to be easier to navigate and understand.
Add information about campaigns and features through which your information may be collected such as additional Zapier partner programs.
Add additional detail about uses of collected personal information and data privacy rights.
In the GDPR Supplemental Notice, clarify legal bases to process personal information
Expand California Privacy Notice into U.S. States Supplemental Notice.
Sub-policy 8
https://kickofflabs.com/privacy-policy/:
Start Free!
Campaign Types
Overview
- See All Types
Sweepstakes
Sweepstakes with a
										Leaderboard
Sweepstakes with Milestone
										Rewards
Waitlist
Waitlist With a Giveaway
Waitlist with a Leaderboard
										Rewards
Milestone Reward Programs
Referral Reward Programs
Newsletter Referrals
Shopify/Purchase Giveaways
And...
Leaderboard Giveaway
Email Opt-In
What You Can Do
Learn More
Why KickoffLabs
How it works
Done For You Services
Enterprise Scale Giveaways
Manage Client Giveaways
Product Features
Landing Pages
Embedded Campaigns
Popups
AnyForm
Email
Custom Contest Domains
Leaderboards
Team Accounts
Instant Signup
Referral Tracking
SMS
Integrations
Shopify
Contest Page Builder
Contest Actions
Nudge Bar
Rewards
Contest Fraud Detection
Reports
Pick a Winner
Pricing
Resources
Marketing Guides
Useful guides, videos, downloads, and best practices.
On Growth Podcast
Grow with us by learning from our stories and customer interviews.
Blog
Insights for marketing your campaign like a pro.
Support & Documentation
Find helpful documentation for the ins and outs of creating a viral campaign.
Customer Showcase
See how other companies like you ran great campaigns.
Log In
Start Free!
Start building with amazing support today. No credit card
							required.
Email Address
Password
I agree to the
										KickoffLabs
terms of
											service
and
privacy
											policy
.
or
Start with Google
×
Sub-policy 9
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 10
https://vimeo.com/privacy:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.