Our terms of use
Terms & Conditions – BIXI bikes
Terms & Conditions – Website
Terms & Conditions – Mobile app
Terms of use
This document, together with the information contained herein or provided through the app’s features, (the “
Agreement
”) constitutes an agreement made between you (“
you
”) and BIXI MONTRÉAL (“
BIXI
”) concerning your use of the features (the “
Features
”) accessible through the BIXI MOBILE app (the “
App
”). Please read all of the following terms and conditions carefully before using the Features. By using or accessing the Features, you agree to all the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement. Your access and use of the Features will be subject to the version of the terms and conditions of this Agreement that were in effect at the time of your use. If, at any time, you do not or cannot agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you must stop accessing or using the Features and uninstall the Application.
This Agreement must be read in conjunction with the general terms and conditions of access and use of the BIXI service (“
Terms and Conditions of Access and Use of the BIXI Service
”), which govern more broadly your use of the BIXI bike-share system (the “
System
”). The Terms and Conditions of Access and Use of the BIXI Service can be
viewed here
.
Amendment to the Agreement
BIXI may amend this Agreement or any section of this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason. Whenever an amendment is made, the updated terms of use will be displayed in the BIXI App. You will be deemed to have accepted them if you continue using the App after the amendments are displayed.
Use of the Features
Subject to your full compliance with this Agreement, BIXI grants you the non-transferable right to access the Features and use them as a tool to use the BIXI bike-share system (the “
System
”). The Features can be used to (i) locate bicycles and stations used in the System, (ii) monitor your usage and the account statements and invoices generated by the System; (iii) access your System user account and the related notification systems; (iv) purchase or renew a membership to the System; (v) rent bicycles through the System; (vi) unlock a bike by reading its QR code, (vii) access maps and generate itineraries; and (viii) access the promotions, loyalty programs or rewards programs that are occasionally offered through the System. This Agreement does not apply to your rental and use of the bikes; it applies solely to your access and use of the Features (for more information, see the next section, “This Agreement is not the agreement that governs the use of the System”).
While BIXI tries to provide you with the most accurate information at its disposal, all information provided through the Features is provided to you for your convenience only, without any warranty whatsoever regarding its accuracy, completeness, timeliness, availability or quality. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, it is possible that the Features provide incorrect information regarding the available bicycles or docks, your billing information, the bike rental timer, or any map or itinerary, and that such incorrect information causes you inconvenience. You hereby release BIXI from any liability resulting from such inconveniences.
Personal Use
You agree to not permit any third party to use or access the Features on your mobile device. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not lend, rent or assign any digit personal ID number generated by the System to unlock a bicycle (the “
Personal Code
”), which is the property of the operator, to a third party or use the Personal Code for purposes which are contrary to the provisions of this Agreement. You hereby release BIXI of any and all liability pertaining to a third party’s use of the Features (i) on your mobile device, or (ii) through your Personal Code.
Conditions of Use
The Features are made available to you free of charge for use on your mobile device. By entering into this Agreement and accessing and using the Features you represent and warrant that:
you have the legal right and ability to enter into this Agreement and to use or access the Features in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;
you are at least 14 years of age;
you are not breaching any other agreement or obligation you have with a third party or any provision of any law or regulation;
you will use the Features in accordance with the most current version of this Agreement;
all information submitted by you when using the Features shall be accurate, current and complete;
you will safeguard your information, including your Personal Code, your username and password, and will not disclose your Personal Code, user name, password or other account information related to the Features to any third party and, you will notify BIXI, as promptly as possible, if you become aware, or have any reason to suspect, that the security of your account has been compromised; and
you accept full responsibility for all activities, transactions, assessments, charges, duties, fees, and taxes and any other financial or other liability resulting from any use of the Features under your Personal Code, name or account.
Prohibitions
As a condition to your use of the Features, you agree not to:
(a) access or use any non-public areas of the Features or BIXI’s computer systems;
(b) attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Features or any related system or network or breach any security or authentication measures used in connection with the Features and such systems and networks;
(c) attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Features;
(d) harm or threaten to harm other users in any way or interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including without limitation, by sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing;
(e) provide any incorrect payment information or payment information belonging to a third party;
(f) use the Features in an abusive way contrary to its intended use, to its documentation or to BIXI’s reasonable instructions; or
(g) impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
BIXI will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above, including without limitation possible infringement of any intellectual property rights and possible security breaches, to the fullest extent of the law. BIXI may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate this Agreement. You acknowledge that, although BIXI has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Features, it has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Features, to ensure your compliance with this Agreement, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body.
Proprietary Rights
All right, title, and interest in and to the Features are and will remain the exclusive property of BIXI and its licensors. The Features are protected by copyright, trademark, and other domestic and foreign laws concerning intellectual property. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you may not reproduce, modify, or create derivative works based upon, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Features.
Privacy
What personal information do we have access to when you use the Features?
When you use the Features, we collect or have access to the following personal information:
Personal information in your account such as your name, physical address, mailing address and telephone number;
Geolocation data. For example, once you consent to it, we access your mobile device’s geolocation data to give you information about the stations that are closest to you;
Data about how you use BIXI bicycles, such as geolocation data, routes taken and the rental status of bicycles;
Personal information related to your mobile device, such as your IP address;
Billing data.
When you purchase a subscription through the App, our online payment providers collect certain personal information such as payment data (for example, the number, CVV code and expiration date of the payment card). BIXI does not have access to this information, which is encrypted and used by the online payment providers in compliance with PCI-DSS standards. Information thus collected is kept on servers that may be located outside Canada, particularly in the United States.
How is your information collected or accessed by BIXI?
Insofar as possible, we obtain personal information directly you, with your consent. However, we may gather or access personal information from third parties when you consent to such collection or if permitted by law.
We collect and gain access to your personal information through various means, particularly when:
You log in to your account on our App;
You consent to sharing your mobile device’s geolocation data;
You use BIXI bicycles;
You contact us.
You may choose not to provide some personal information, but you will then not be able to take advantage of certain Features of our App.
What do we use your personal information for?
We mainly use your personal information:
To provide the Features, including to locate BIXI bicycles and stations used in the System;
To communicate with you about your account and to provide customer service in a timely manner when necessary;
To improve the quality of the Features;
To verify proper use of the Features;
For any other purpose permitted by law that we may identify from time to time.
Who do we share your personal information with?
Only BIXI staff members whose duties so require, its partners and service providers (for example, providers of hosting and online payment services) will have access to the personal information gathered hereunder, to the extent that such access is required for the purposes set out in this Agreement. BIXI may also make this personal information accessible to third parties to comply with a law or court order.
Is your personal information sent outside of Québec?
Personal information collected or accessed by BIXI is hosted on secure servers which may be located outside of Québec, particularly in Canada and the United States. In this case, BIXI requires commitments regarding protection of personal information from its service providers.
How long do we keep your personal information?
BIXI keeps your personal information only for the time necessary for the purposes provided in this Agreement and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations. After this time, your personal information will be destroyed or anonymized.
How do we protect the privacy of your personal information?
The personal information we collect or have access to is kept confidential in accordance with the laws applicable to the protection of personal information. Furthermore, reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures will be taken to protect the Personal Information from loss, theft, or unauthorized access or use.
What are your rights?
Under the law, you have certain rights, such as the following:
The right to have the confidentiality of your personal information protected;
The right to access and correct your personal information;
Where applicable, the right to withdraw your consent to the disclosure or use of your personal information.
At any time, you may also remove your email from our newsletter mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link that appears at the bottom of the newsletter or by contacting us (see the “
Contact
” section below).
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE FEATURES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BIXI MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE FEATURES, INCLUDING THAT THE FEATURES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR WILL WORK IN COMBINATION WITH ANY HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES, THAT THE FEATURES ARE SECURE AND FREE FROM FAULTS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES OR ANY OTHER HARMFUL CONTENT, THAT THE FEATURES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, WITHOUT PROBLEMS OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ALL ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. BIXI PROVIDES THE FEATURES “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”.
TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BIXI’S WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES (IF ANY) EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTE, CUSTOM, ORAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENTS OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED, TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, AVAILABILITY, PERFORMANCE, COMPATIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, CORRESPONDENCE WITH DESCRIPTION, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL BIXI AND ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS HAVE ANY LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT LIABILITY, FOR INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR GOODWILL, COMPUTER VIRUS OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, YOUR COMPUTER NETWORK OR YOUR OTHER PROPERTY, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OR DATA OR OTHER FINANCIAL LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, PERFORMANCE, FAILURE, OR INTERRUPTION OF THE FEATURES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, AND EVEN IF BIXI HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN THE EVENT THAT BIXI IS FOUND LIABLE TO PAY YOU ANY DAMAGES, BIXI’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED $100. IF THE APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS THE LIMITATION OR EXLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless BIXI, its officers, directors, affiliates, employees and agents, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Features.
No failure or delay by BIXI in exercising any right or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise of any right or privilege hereunder.
External Links
The Features may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than BIXI. These links are provided for reference only. BIXI has no control over the content or performance of such websites and is not responsible for their contents or privacy or other practices. BIXI does not endorse and does not accept to be held liable in relation to the material found on such websites or any association with their operators. When following a hyperlink, you are responsible for referring to the applicable terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third party website.
Termination
BIXI may terminate this Agreement and cancel your access to the App and the Features at any time and for any reason. BIXI shall give you a reasonable prior notice of this termination unless such termination is caused by your non-compliance with this Agreement or the law.
General Provisions
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed by the laws of the Province of Quebec, Canada and the laws of Canada applicable therein (without giving effect to its conflict of laws rules). Parties hereby irrevocably submit and attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the judicial district of Montreal, Province of Québec.
This Agreement is the entire and exclusive agreement between BIXI and you regarding the Features, and this Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior agreements between BIXI and you regarding the Features.
You shall not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder to any third party without the prior written consent of BIXI which consent is within BIXI’s sole discretion. No assignment or delegation by you shall relieve or release you from any of its obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by each of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. BIXI shall be allowed to assign this Agreement to any third party without requiring your consent.
Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a partnership or joint venture between you and BIXI.
If a particular provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision shall be deemed severed from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity of this Agreement as a whole.
Contact
If you have any concern, question or complaint regarding this Agreement, please contact BIXI at:
By phone :
(514) 789-2494 between 9AM and 5PM, Standard Eastern Time
By mail :
BIXI MONTRÉAL
5945 av. De Gaspé
Montréal (Québec)
H2S 2X4
By email :
info@bixi.com
This Agreement was last updated on February 7, 2023.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bixi.com/fr/politique-de-confidentialite/:
accessibility.skipToMain
Objectif de la Politique
BIXI Montréal («
BIXI
», «
nous
», «
notre
») prend à cœur la protection de vos renseignements personnels.
Notre Politique de confidentialité (la «
Politique
») a pour but de vous expliquer comment nous recueillons, utilisons et communiquons vos renseignements personnels lorsque vous utilisez ou naviguez sur notre site Web
https://www.bixi.com
(le «
Site
»), y compris lorsque vous y créez un compte d’utilisateur. En utilisant et en naviguant sur le Site, vous confirmez votre acceptation de la présente Politique. Si vous n’acceptez pas cette Politique, veuillez ne pas utiliser ou naviguer sur le Site.
Par ailleurs, cette Politique ne couvre pas la collecte, l’utilisation et la communication de vos renseignements personnels en lien avec l’utilisation de notre application mobile ou de nos services, notamment lorsque vous achetez un abonnement. Dans ces cas, veuillez consulter les
Conditions générales d’accès et d’utilisation du service BIXI
ou les
Conditions d’utilisation pour l’application mobile BIXI
, selon ce qui s’applique, lesquelles contiennent les dispositions pertinentes.
Notre Site peut inclure des hyperliens vers d’autres sites Web, contenus, ressources, publicités, produits ou services appartenant ou étant exploités par des tiers (les «
Ressources externes
»). Cette Politique ne s’applique pas à la collecte, l’utilisation ou la communication de vos renseignements personnels par ces tiers et BIXI n’en est pas responsable. Si vous consultez une Ressource externe, nous vous invitons à consulter la politique de confidentialité de ce tiers.
Quels renseignements personnels recueillons-nous et par quels moyens les recueillons-nous?
Nous recueillons et avons accès à vos renseignements personnels de différentes façons, selon votre utilisation du Site. Vous pouvez choisir de ne pas fournir certains renseignements personnels, mais vous pourriez alors ne pas être en mesure de tirer avantage de certaines fonctionnalités du Site.
Lorsque vous naviguez sur le Site, nous recueillons et avons accès à des informations liées à vos appareils, telles que votre adresse IP (voir la section de cette Politique intitulée «
À quelles fins utilisons-nous des fichiers témoins («cookies»)?
»). Si vous créez un compte d’utilisateur, nous recueillons directement auprès de vous et avons accès à certains de vos renseignements personnels, tels que votre nom, votre adresse courriel, votre numéro de téléphone, votre date de naissance et votre genre. Si vous nous contactez via le Site ou vous vous inscrivez à nos infolettres, nous recueillons et avons accès aux renseignements personnels que vous nous communiquez à ce moment.
À quelles fins utilisons-nous vos renseignements personnels?
Nous utilisons vos renseignements personnels principalement pour :
Améliorer la qualité de notre Site ;
Maintenir actif votre compte d’utilisateur (afin de vous permettre d’y réaliser des transactions et d’y souscrire des abonnements, le cas échéant) et communiquer avec vous au sujet de votre compte ;
Lorsque vous y avez consenti, vous communiquer nos infolettres ;
Communiquer avec vous suivant un message ou une demande de votre part et y donner suite ; et
Toute autre fin que nous identifions de temps à autre et qui est autorisée par la loi ou pour laquelle nous obtenons votre consentement spécifique.
À quelles fins utilisons-nous des fichiers témoins («cookies»)?
Lors de votre navigation sur le Site, nous recueillons certains renseignements par l’entremise de fichiers témoins et autres technologies de suivi (collectivement, des «cookies»).
Les cookies que nous utilisons ne recueillent pas de renseignements vous identifiant personnellement, mais plutôt des renseignements généraux que nous ne combinons pas avec vos renseignements personnels.
Plus particulièrement, nous utilisons des cookies essentiels et fonctionnels, afin de vous permettre de naviguer sur le Site, d’utiliser ses fonctionnalités et de personnaliser votre navigation selon vos préférences (par exemple, selon votre préférence de langue). Vous pouvez désactiver ces cookies en modifiant les paramètres de votre navigateur ou de votre appareil mobile. Toutefois, si vous refusez ces cookies, il est possible que votre navigation du Site en soit affectée.
Nous utilisons également Google Analytics afin de recueillir de l’information concernant votre utilisation du Site (par exemple, les pages que vous consultez le plus souvent et les messages d’erreur que vous pourriez recevoir). Ces renseignements sont anonymes et nous les utilisons uniquement afin d’améliorer l’efficacité et le fonctionnement du Site. Vous pouvez désactiver ces cookies en téléchargeant
ce module
de Google Analytics.
Le Site peut également utiliser des cookies de partage si vous y consentez. Ces cookies permettent d’ajouter au Site des fonctionnalités de partage de contenu sur les réseaux sociaux, notamment
Facebook
. L’utilisation des boutons de partage installera un fichier témoin permettant de relier les contenus consultés sur le Site à votre compte utilisateur de ces réseaux. Pour désactiver le pixel Facebook (le cas échéant), nous vous invitons à consulter le centre d’aide de
Facebook
.
Si vous souhaitez obtenir davantage d’informations sur les cookies, nous vous invitons à consulter le site
All About Cookies
(disponible en anglais seulement), ou à nous contacter tel qu’indiqué dans la section de cette Politique intitulée «Comment communiquer avec BIXI?».
Avec qui partageons-nous vos renseignements personnels?
Seuls les membres du personnel de BIXI dont les fonctions le requièrent, ses partenaires et ses fournisseurs de services (par exemple, les fournisseurs de services d’hébergement ou de services d’envoi d’infolettres) ont accès à vos renseignements personnels recueillis par BIXI en lien avec votre utilisation du Site, dans la mesure où un tel accès est requis aux fins énoncées dans cette Politique. BIXI peut également rendre vos renseignements personnels accessibles à d’autres tiers conformément à l’application d’une loi ou d’une ordonnance d’un tribunal.
Vos renseignements personnels sont-ils transférés à l’extérieur du Québec?
Les renseignements personnels recueillis par BIXI ou auxquels BIXI a accès sont hébergés sur des serveurs sécurisés pouvant être situés à l’extérieur du Québec, notamment ailleurs au Canada et aux États-Unis. Les lois relatives au traitement des renseignements personnels peuvent être différentes dans ces juridictions. BIXI exige toutefois des engagements en matière de protection des renseignements personnels de la part de ses fournisseurs, tel qu’indiqué dans la section «
Comment protégeons-nous la confidentialité de vos renseignements personnels?
».
Combien de temps conservons-nous vos renseignements personnels?
Sauf si autrement permis par la loi ou la règlementation applicable, BIXI ne conserve vos renseignements personnels que pour la durée nécessaire aux fins prévues dans la présente Politique et pour se conformer à ses obligations légales et réglementaires. Ainsi, la durée de conservation de vos renseignements personnels variera en fonction de la finalité de leur collecte et de leur utilisation. Après ce délai, vos renseignements personnels seront détruits en toute sécurité ou ils seront anonymisés. BIXI pourra utiliser ces données anonymisées à des fins sérieuses et légitimes sans autre préavis ni consentement.
Comment protégeons-nous la confidentialité de vos renseignements personnels?
Les renseignements personnels que nous recueillons ou auxquels nous avons accès sont conservés de manière confidentielle conformément aux lois applicables en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. En outre, des mesures administratives, techniques et physiques raisonnables sont mises en place par BIXI afin de protéger vos renseignements personnels contre leur perte accidentelle, le vol, et tout accès, communication, copie, utilisation ou modification non autorisés. BIXI met aussi en place des protections contractuelles avec ses fournisseurs de services en vertu desquelles ces derniers ont l’obligation de mettre en œuvre et de maintenir des mesures de sécurité administratives, techniques et physiques raisonnables afin de préserver la sécurité et la confidentialité des renseignements personnels recueillis en vertu de la présente Politique.
Quels sont vos droits?
Selon la législation applicable, vous disposez de certains droits, tels que les suivants :
Le droit de demander accès à vos renseignements personnels ;
Le droit de demander la rectification de vos renseignements personnels qui sont inexacts ou incomplets ;
Le droit de retirer votre consentement, dans certaines circonstances, lorsque vous avez donné votre consentement à l’utilisation ou à la communication de vos renseignements personnels ;
Le droit d’obtenir, dans un format technologique structuré et couramment utilisé, vos renseignements personnels informatisés que vous nous avez fournis ou de demander que ceux-ci soient transmis à une autre personne ou à un organisme dans ce même format.
Pour exercer l’un de vos droits prévus par la loi applicable, veuillez nous contacter (voir la section «
Comment communiquer avec BIXI?
»).
En tout temps, vous pouvez également retirer votre consentement à recevoir nos infolettres en cliquant sur le lien de désabonnement apparaissant dans le bas des infolettres.
Comment communiquer avec BIXI?
BIXI a nommé un responsable de la protection des renseignements personnels pour superviser le respect de ses pratiques en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. Pour en savoir plus sur ses pratiques, pour formuler une plainte à cet égard ou pour exercer l’un des droits décrits ci-dessus, vous pouvez contacter le responsable de la protection des renseignements personnels de BIXI, c’est-à-dire son directeur général, aux coordonnées suivantes :
Par courriel :
info@bixi.com
Par téléphone : 514-789-BIXI (2494) ou sans frais 1-877-820-2453
Par la poste : 5945 avenue de Gaspé, Montréal (Québec) H2S 2X4
Comment mettons-nous à jour notre Politique?
BIXI met cette Politique à jour de temps à autre. Des avis de mise à jour peuvent être utilisés pour vous signaler les récentes modifications apportées à cette Politique, mais l’affichage de la Politique mise à jour sera réputé constituer un avis suffisant. Le fait de continuer à utiliser ou à naviguer sur le Site constitue une acceptation de votre part de cette Politique mise à jour.
Dernière mise à jour : le 12 novembre 2024.