WiFi Mouse Privacy Policy
Posted: June 2, 2019
Effective: June 20, 2019
Thanks for using WiFi Mouse!  Here we describe how we collect, use and handle your information when you use our websites, software and services ("Services").
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and protect our Services:
Location information
. With our application, your geolocation data is collected and can be shared with a collaborating company in order to improve your experience with advertising content. You can block this option at any time by deactivating the geolocation option of the Application.
With whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to advertisers or other third-parties.
Others working for Necta
.  Necta uses certain trusted third parties to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.  These third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Other applications
.  You can also give third parties access to your information Just remember that their use of your information will be governed by their privacy policies and terms.
Law & Order
.  We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Necta or our users; or (d) protect Necta's property rights.
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace.  We believe that our users' data should receive the same legal protections regardless of whether it's stored on our services or on their home computer's hard drive.
How
Security
.  We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We also continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to things like alerts when new devices and apps are request for your location information.
Retention
.  We'll retain information you store on our Services for as long as  we need it to provide you the Services.  If you delete your account, we'll also delete this information.  But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Where
Around the world
.  To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and transmit information in locations around the world - including those outside your country.  Information may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Changes
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website.  If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about Necta, our Services and privacy?  Contact us at
wangshimeng@gmail.com
.