We use cookies to ensure that you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more about how glistrr uses cookies
Got it!
Support Policy
Definitions
:
Customer
: a third party who has entered into a contract with the Supplier in relation to use of the Services.
Services
: the subscription services provided by the Supplier to the Customer in accordance with the provisions of a written agreement entered into between the parties.
Supplier
:
glistrr ltd
incorporated and registered in Northern Ireland with company number NI614046 whose registered office is at City East Business Centre, 68-72 Newtownards Road, Belfast, BT4 1GW, United Kingdom.
1.	THE SOFTWARE SUPPORT SERVICES
1.1
The Supplier shall supply the support services set out in this Support Services Policy.
1.2
The Supplier shall maintain and update the Services. Should the Customer determine that the Services includes a defect, the Customer may at any time file error reports. During maintenance periods, the Supplier may, at its discretion, upgrade versions, install error corrections and apply patches to the systems. The Supplier shall use all reasonable endeavours to avoid unscheduled downtime for maintenance.
2.	TECHNICAL SUPPORT SERVICES
2.1
The Supplier shall provide the Customer with technical support services during Normal Business Hours.
2.2
Issues raised by the Customer and the Customer’s Authorised Users will be logged on the Supplier’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. These issues will be allocated an appropriate priority and the supplier will use its reasonable endeavours to resolve these issues in a timely fashion.
2.3	Service Performance
Security Level
Help Desk Response Time during Normal Business Hours
Fix Time (Normal Working Hours, after helpdesk response)
High
12 hours
1 working day
Medium
24 hours
2 working days
Low
48 hours
5 working days
High
System Down: The system is completely down or is not operational. Mission-critical applications are severely impacted by the problem.
Medium
Limited Functionality/Limited use of system:  The application is considered unstable and is subject to periodic interruption.  Mission-critical applications are not affected by the problem.
Low
Operation not affected:  A general support question.
Backup Policy
The Supplier shall develop the back-up schedule, perform scheduled back-ups, provide routine and emergency data recovery, and manage the archiving process. The back-up schedule shall include at least weekly full back-ups and daily incremental back-ups. In the event of data loss, the Supplier shall provide recovery services to try to restore the most recent back-up.
Privacy & Security Policy
Introduction
Welcome to the glistrr's privacy notice.
glistrr respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) or apps, and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
1.	Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how glistrr collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a ticket or take part in a contest.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
glistrr (collectively referred to as "glistrr", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice) may act as either a data controller or a data processor in respect of your personal data, depending on the circumstances.
For example, if you create an account with us as an Event Organiser, glistrr will be a data controller in respect of the personal data that you provide as part of your account. We will also be a data controller of the personal data that we obtain about your use of the glistrr website, apps or other glistrr properties, either as an Event Organiser or as a consumer. We use this data for research and analaysis to better understand our users and tailor our services to better target recommendations about events that may be of interest to you.
However, if you register for an event as an attendee, we will process your personal data to help manage that event on behalf of the Event Organiser (for example, sending emails, payment processing, etc.) and to help the Event Organiser measure the success of their event with reporting and analytics. In these circumstances, glistrr provides a set of tools for Event Organisers and does not decide what personal data to request on registration forms, nor is it responsible for the continued accuracy of any personal data that you provide. Any questions that you may have relating to your personal data or your rights under data protection law should be directed to the Event Organiser as the data controller.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below.
Contact details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: glistrr ltd
Email address:
support@glistrr.com
Postal address: City East Business Centre, 68-72 Newtownards Road, Belfast, BT4 1GW, United Kingdom
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2.	The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details. glistrr does not store your payment information other than the last four digits of your credit card or bank account (as applicable), expiration date and country.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Communications you send to us
for example when you ask for support, send us questions or comments or report a problem.
You may create your account with glistrr by connecting it with your existing account with a third party service like Facebook. All data we obtain form such third party service will be treated by us in the same way as if you provided the information directly and in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you connect with Facebook, we store your Facebook ID, first name, last name, email address, hometown, current location, friends list and profile picture and use them to connect with your Facebook account to provide certain functionality on the Services.
We partner with other companies (such as Stripe) for payment processing and the payment information you submit is collected and used by them in accordance with their privacy policies.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3.	How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions
. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a contest, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions
. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy at
glistrr.com/terms
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources
. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a) analytics providers such as Intercom, Google and Facebook;
(b)	advertising networks such as Google and Facebook; and
(c)	search information providers such as Google.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources.
4.	How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
To keep your account secure and protect our Services (including to verify the identities of creators and prevent fraud and abuse);
To enable us to provide you with our Services, and to improve and promote our Services;
To create and administer your account, contact you, and customise your experience on glistrr (for example, to show you events and contests that we think may interest you based on your previous use); and
To track and analyse use of the Services so that we can improve how glistrr is performing and provide users with the best experience possible.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Data protection law requires us to have a lawful ground for collecting and retaining personal data. The lawful bases on which we will process your data are:
Performing the contract we have with you: In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligation to deliver the Services, enable creators to establish and display their projects, and enable backers to find and make pledges to them.
Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of payments made through our Services.
Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and we do so in ways which do not hurt your interests and rights. We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
For example, we use identity, device, and location information to prevent fraud and abuse and to keep the Services secure. We may also send you promotional communications about our Services, subject to your right to control whether we do so.
We analyse how users interact with our site so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our users.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a contest or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside glistrr for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a service purchase, warranty registration, service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see
glistrr.com/terms
.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5.	Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in paragraph 4 above.
Our Event Organisers. We may share any of your information with our Event Organisers so that they can run the event for which tickets have been purchased, where necessary to fulfil the order, analyse customer behaviour, provide a better service and support to customers, and for any other purpose described in our Event Organisers' privacy policies (including marketing). You should read those policies to learn how they treat your information.
Contest or Rewards Partners – if you purchase tickets to an event or take part in a contest provided by another company, we may receive and/or share your personal information with that company.
Selected third parties - if you consented to be contacted by email or other means by selected third parties, we may provide your information to the third parties we select, and these third parties may use this information for their marketing or advertising purposes.
Our third party service providers - we may share your information with third parties so that they can provide services to us (e.g. a mailing house, a courier, a call centre provider, a market research company or online behavioural advertising companies), but where we do we will put in place a written agreement protecting your information.
									
										Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
9.	Your legal rights
If you wish to withdraw any consent you have provided to us for such use of your personal information, please contact us or tell us about your preferences using the methods described in this section.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications including newsletters. To stop receiving marketing communications, you can visit
u.glistrr.com
and change your preference or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get. It may take about ten days to process your request.
You can control and opt out of the use of cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we use cookies and other tracking tools, please visit
glistrr.com/terms
.
You can change your marketing preferences with an Event Organiser (e.g. opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from an Event Organiser) by contacting that Event Organiser or by following the instructions on any messages they send to you.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Cookies Policy
What are cookies?
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
There are two main types of cookie:
session cookies — these are deleted when you finish browsing a website and are not stored on your computer longer than this; and
persistent cookies — these are stored on your computer after you have finished using a website so that the website provider can remember your preferences the next time you use it.
Cookies can be set by the website you have browsed, i.e. the website displayed in the uniform resource locator (URL) window. These are called first party cookies. Third party cookies are set by a website other than the one you are browsing.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
How do we use cookies?
The table below shows what cookies we use and why.
Cookie used
Cookie type
Why do we use this cookie?
ch_id
Session
To manage your queue position
glistrr_session
Session
To manage your browsing session
glive_*_*
Persistent
To manage a live stream session
PHPSESSID
Session
To manage your browsing session
referral_id_*
Persistent
To manage affiliate referral tracking for ticket sales or event registrations
We also work with the following third parties that use cookies:
Stripe
, who use cookies to minimise credit/debit card fraud on their platform.
Google Analytics
, who use cookies to help them to analyse how our visitors use our site. You can view more information on how these are used on Google’s Privacy Site.
Intercom
, who use cookies to help them provide fast and efficient support for visitors of our site.
OneSignal
, who use cookies to enable us to provide push notifications with up to date event information for event organisers and brands that you have registered to receive updates for.
Facebook (Meta)
, who use cookies to provide a seamless experience using Facebook Login for visitors of our site and to report to event organisers on the performance of their advertising campaigns. You can view more information on how these are used on Facebook's website.
TikTok
, who use cookies to report to event organisers on the performance of their TikTok advertising campaigns. You can view more information on how these are used on TikTok's website.
Consent
If you continue to use our website we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from our website. However, if you would prefer to change your cookie settings, you can do so at any time - see below 'Controlling our use of cookies'.
Controlling our use of cookies
Most browsers automatically accept cookies unless you change your internet browser settings. If you wish to restrict, block or delete the cookies which are set by any websites, you can generally do this through your browser settings. These settings are usually found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your internet browser.
If you set your internet browser preferences to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
If you delete cookies relating to this website we will not remember things about you, including your cookie preferences, and you will be treated as a first-time visitor the next time you visit the site.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Queries
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Cookies policy, please email
support@glistrr.com
.
Contest Terms & Conditions
The promotion details form part of these terms and conditions.
glistrr is not the Promoter of the promotion.
Entry is not open to employees (and their families) of glistrr, the Promoter, its agents, the suppliers of the prizes and any other companies associated with the promotion.
By entering the contest entrants confirm that they have all necessary permissions from the creator(s) of any content submitted and from any persons contained in such content.
Use of a false name or address will result in disqualification.
All entries must be made directly by the person entering the contest.
Registration for promotions made using methods generated by a script, macro or the use of automated devices will be void.
No responsibility can be accepted for entries lost, delayed or corrupted, or due to computer error in transit.
The prizes are as stated, are not transferable to another individual and no cash or other alternatives will be offered.
The winner(s) is (are) responsible for expenses and arrangements not specifically included in the prizes, including any necessary travel documents, passports and visas.
Prizes are subject to availability and the prize supplier’s terms and conditions.
The Promoter reserves the right to amend or alter the terms of contests at any time and reject entries from entrants not entering into the spirit of the contest.
In the event of a prize being unavailable, the Promoter reserves the right to offer an alternative prize of equal or greater value.
The winner(s) must be aged 18 or over. Proof of identity and age may be required.
The winner(s) agree(s) to the use of their name, photograph and disclosure of county of residence and will co-operate with any other reasonable requests by the Promoter relating to any post-winning publicity.
Unless stated otherwise the winner(s) will be drawn at random from all correct entries received by the closing date containing details of the contest ("Promotional Material").
Unless stated otherwise winner(s) will be contacted by email.
Failure to respond and/or provide an address for delivery, or failure to meet the eligibility requirements or these terms and conditions may result in forfeiture of the prize.
Where applicable, the decision of the judges is final based on the criteria set out in the Promotional Material and no correspondence will be entered into over this decision. Contests may be modified or withdrawn at any time.
The information provided by you will be used for communication regarding your contest entry including confirmations and reminders, providing you with information on our products and services, personalising your experience and improving our service amon.
The provider of the prize is specified within the Promotional Material.
By entering this promotion you agree that glistrr limited may contact you with notifications regarding this promotion and from time to time with news about other similar promotions. Your details will not be passed to third parties. You will be able to unsubscribe from this service by the unsubscribe link.
By entering this promotion you agree that the Promoter may add you to their regular email list. Your details will not be passed to third parties. You will be able to unsubscribe from the Promoter’s service by contacting the Promoter.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and conditions, the Promotional Material and the Promoters Terms, the Promotional Material will prevail over the Promoters Terms and the Promoters Terms will prevail over these terms and conditions save that the Promoter shall always be deemed to be the Promoter listed in the Promotional Material.
Ticket Sales Terms & Conditions
Who You Are Buying From
glistrr acts as the ticketing agent of those who are promoting or otherwise providing the events for which you purchase tickets, such as venues, promoters, artists and their representatives or agents (“Event Organisers”). glistrr facilitates your purchase of an Event Organiser’s tickets, and handles delivery of electronic tickets. In some cases, physical tickets may also be available. glistrr facilitates but does not process payment for ticket purchases. Where service charges are applicable, the service charge is processed by glistrr through our payment gateway.
Purchase Channels
glistrr makes tickets available for purchase through the following channels (“Purchase Channels”).
glistrr Facebook App
– operating within the Facebook page of the Event Organiser, promoter or venue.
glistrr Website Widget
– operating within the web page of the Event Organiser, promoter or venue.
Direct Sales
– sales made directly by Event Organiser (phone, email, in person sales) facilitated through the glistrr platform.
Pricing and Availability
glistrr sells tickets on behalf of Event Organisers, which means we do not set ticket prices, refund policies, seating availability or guarantee admission to events. glistrr does not control ticket inventory or availability. glistrr may not be the only distribution channel, and pricing and availability in other channels may vary from glistrr inventory.
Order Confirmation
If you do not receive confirmation from any Purchase Channel (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm with glistrr Customer Service whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. glistrr will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.
It is your responsibility to verify that your email address and telephone number are correct before completing a purchase. glistrr may store and pre-fill the checkout form with your contact information from previous transactions in order to allow a faster checkout experience. Before placing an order, it is your responsibility to ensure that this information is correct, and that you can access the email account to which electronic tickets will be delivered.  If you cannot access the account to which your tickets have been delivered, it is your responsibility to contact glistrr Customer Service as soon as possible. glistrr will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you cannot access the accounts to which your tickets have been delivered, or if the contact details for the transaction are incorrect.
Service Fees
Tickets purchased through glistrr Purchase Channels are typically subject to a service fee. In some cases, delivery charges may also be owed. Service fees are non refundable.
Canceled and Postponed Events
Occasionally, events are canceled or postponed by the Event Organiser. Should this occur, glistrr or the Event Organiser will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that event. However, we cannot guarantee that you will be informed of such changes (cancellation or postponement) before the date of the event. It is your responsibility to check whether an event has been cancelled or postponed and confirm the date and time of any rescheduled event.
glistrr acts as the agent of the Event Organiser and as such typically only offers refunds and/or exchanges based on the event organisers instructions. glistrr is not obligated to issue a refund except to the extent that the Event Organiser instructs us to issue a refund, and the Event Organiser has the available funds to facilitate a refund. In order to receive a refund or an exchange that may be offered, you will have to comply with the Event Organiser’s instructions or deadlines, which, along with the decision about whether or not to issue a refund or an exchange, may be at the Event Organiser’s discretion. Failure to comply with the Event Organiser's instructions by their specified deadline will be deemed to be a reconfirmation of your order and no refund will be permitted.
If glistrr issues you a refund for a ticket, it will issue a refund of the ticket’s face value paid (or, if a discounted ticket, then instead the discounted ticket price paid). Service fees may not be refundable. In no event will delivery charges or any other fees or amounts be refunded. If a refund is issued, it will be issued using the same method of payment that was used to purchase the tickets. If a credit card was used to make the refunded purchase, then only that credit card will receive the credit for the refund. glistrr will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you or anyone else incurs in connection with a canceled or postponed event.
If an event is canceled, please contact
glistrr.com/help
for information on receiving a refund. If the event was moved or rescheduled, the Event Organiser may set refund limitations. Contact
glistrr.com/help
for exact instructions. Please make sure to include your full name, the email address to which the ticket was delivered, and the telephone number used in the transaction.
Refunds and Exchanges
Before completing a ticket transaction, carefully review your event, ticket type and seat choices. glistrr acts as an agent for the Event Organiser this prevents glistrr from issuing exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets (unless instructed otherwise by the Event Organiser). Tickets are non-refundable, unless otherwise stated by the Event Organiser. You agree that you will not attempt to evade, avoid, or circumvent those prohibitions in any manner with regard to tickets you purchased. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will not contact glistrr to seek a refund or exchange from glistrr without first seeking authorization to do so from the Event Organiser directly, and you will not dispute or otherwise seek a “chargeback” from the company whose credit card/debit card you used to purchase tickets through glistrr Purchase Channels. Should you do so, your tickets may be canceled, and glistrr may, refuse to honor future ticket purchases made from all credit/debit card accounts or online accounts on which such chargebacks have been made, and may prohibit all persons in whose name the credit card accounts exist and any person who accesses any associated online account or credit card or who otherwise breaches this provision from using glistrr.
Pricing and Other Errors
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect for any reason, regardless of whether this is because of an error in a price posted on the website or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket that was not intended for sale at the time of purchase, then glistrr will have the right to cancel that transaction and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human error, unauthorized pricing/ticket changes or a transactional malfunction of any website or glistrr Purchase Channels.
Limitation of Liability
glistrr is an agent for Event Organisers and not responsible for any risks incidental to the event for which a ticket is issued, at any time. You waive any claims for personal injury or death against glistrr, its management, officers, directors, owners, employees or agents on behalf of yourself and any accompanying person.
Right of Admission/Ejection
Event Organisers reserve the right, without refund of any amount paid, to refuse admission to, or eject, any person who fails to comply with Event Organiser rules, or for any other reason, including failure to comply with any measures that have been put in place to reduce the spread of COVID-19. A ticket is not redeemable for cash. All rights of admission are reserved by Event Organisers and/or venues at which events are held.
Event Timings and Content
The advertised start and end times of events are subject to change. Door opening and closing times do not indicate the start or end time of an event, all of which are at the Event Organiser's discretion and are subject to change.
The Event Organiser has the right to alter or vary the programming of an event due to events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control without the obligation to refund or exchange tickets, unless such change is a material alteration, in which case an exchange or refund may be permitted. Failure to notify us or the Event Organiser within any specified deadline that you do not wish to attend the altered event will be deemed to be a reconfirmation of your order for the altered event, and an exchange or refund will not be permitted.
A material alteration is a change (other than postponement) which, in our and the Event Organiser's reasonable opinion, makes the event materially different to the event that ticketholders, taken generally, could reasonably expect. In particular, please note that the following are not deemed to be "material alterations": adverse weather conditions; changes of any supporting act; changes to individual members of a band; changes to the lineup of any multi-performer event (such as a festival or sports event); curtailment of the event where the majority of an event is performed in full; and delays to the starting of the performance of an event.
Accessible & Carer Tickets
Accessible tickets may be made available by the Event Organiser, depending on the suitability of an individual event.
Carer tickets may be available at a discounted rate to accompany eligible ticketholders of Accessible tickets. Carer tickets are only available to disabled customers who require them, who would be unable to attend the event without the support of another person that can assist in the event of an emergency.
There are measures in place to ensure that discounted Carer tickets are not abused and evidence is required to support each request. Carer tickets can be applied for after the purchase of an Accessible ticket by emailing
support@glistrr.com
with the following information:
Your name
Your glistrr transaction ID
The last 4 digits of the credit/debit card used for purchase
Proof of disability (as outlined below)
Once we have received your request and verified the documentation, we will contact you with instructions to acquire a Carer ticket.
Below is a list of documents that we may take into consideration when deciding on Carer ticket allocation.
PIP (Personal Independence Payment)
DLA
Letter from a medical professional (doctors note or letter from an occupation therapist)
Carers Allowance
A Nimbus Access Card with the +1 symbol
Social Services letter - written confirmation from Social Services that the Accessible ticketholder is included on their Deaf Register, or a letter/report from an aural specialist confirming that hearing loss has been recorded at 70-95 dBHL or worse
War Pensions Mobility allowance
Blind or partially sighted registration certificate (BD8 or CVI certificate)
A personal letter from a GP, community nurse  or social worker
Benefit award letters
Copy of a blue badge (both sides required)
PPV Streams and Live Streams
If you purchase a PPV stream or live stream, a refund is not permitted unless there is a technical error by us, in which case you can contact us at
glistrr.com/help
. After purchase, you will be emailed a link to the stream and an access code. The stream will be accessible 15 minutes before the scheduled start time of the event.
Please note that in some cases, the start time of the event may be the time that the doors open at the venue and the stream will start some time after this. The Event Organiser may publish further details about the stream start time on their social media.
Your access code permits you to access the stream from a single device and internet connection. glistrr will record your device information and/or IP address when you access the stream and subsequent attempts to access the stream will be denied. In the event that you have shared your access code with someone else and you are blocked from viewing the stream, no refund will be permitted.
If specified, your access code may permit you access to an on-demand replay of the stream. Your access will be permitted for 7 days from the start time of the event or 7 days from the time of your purchase, whichever is later.
COVID-19 Restrictions
Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, all events are subject to changes in local and national restrictions. If your event is affected by such restrictions, either glistrr or the Event Organiser will contact you with further information. The Event Organiser may place restrictions on exchanges or refunds for such events until a suitable date is available to reschedule the event.
Proof of COVID-19 status — proof of vaccine, proof of negative test or proof of antibodies from previous infection — may be required for entry to some events, dependent on local/national requirements. If your event is affected, you will receive communication prior to the event with information about event entry — this will be either at the time of purchase or at a later time if the local/national requirements have changed since the time of purchase.
Regardless of entry requirements, it is strongly recommended that anyone attending an event should take a COVID-19 test themselves, no more than 24 hours in advance of attending, and on the second and eighth days following the event.
Charitable Donations
Some Event Organisers work to raise funds for charitable causes of their choice. The option to make a donation to the Event Organiser's chosen charitable cause may be available to you during the checkout process. Making a donation is optional and is not required in order to complete your transaction.
Any charitable donations made via the glistrr checkout process are remitted to the Event Organiser directly. The Event Organiser is responsible for making the donation to the charity after the event takes place. The amount that the Event Organiser donates to the charity may have payment processing fees deducted, as a percentage of any donation is subject to card payment fees by the card payment processor. glistrr does not charge any service fees for charitable donations made through its platform.
Due to processing requirements, charitable donations are non-refundable. If your transaction needs to be refunded for any reason, the refunded amount will be less any charitable donation that you chose to make during your purchase.