Other courses
Support
Privacy policy
Last Updated: December 3, 2021
Bloomberg L.P., Bloomberg Finance L.P., and their affiliates (“Bloomberg”) respect the privacy rights of our users and are strongly committed to protecting your privacy.
        This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected through this Bloomberg Exam Prep product web site (“this Site”),
        but does not apply to any other web sites, products, or services of Bloomberg, unless otherwise expressly indicated by Bloomberg.
        This Site is managed and maintained by Mindojo Ltd. (“Mindojo”). Any personal information processed by Mindojo is subject to Mindojo’s
Privacy Policy
.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Bloomberg, or where relevant a designated service provider or Mindojo, collects personal information through this Site,
        such as when a student or other individual registers for the Bloomberg Exam Prep product;
        an individual submits information on this Site to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, or complete a survey or poll; or an individual otherwise visits this Site.
        Personal information collected may include name, postal address, email address, account names and passwords, contact information, signature, online identifiers such as Internet Protocol address,
        Internet or other electronic network activity information, professional and employment-related or education information,
        demographic information, billing information, or credit card or other payment information.
Personal information is obtained directly from you, from others authorized to provide the information,
        from activity on the Site, and from other parties with whom we work, such as service providers,
        business partners, advertisers, data analytics providers and social networks.
        Do not provide information about others unless you are authorized to do so and consent to have all information used, disclosed, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
        By submitting the information about others, you represent and warrant that you are authorized
        to do so and that you have received authorization from that person about whom you are providing the information and that person has consented to have all information used,
        disclosed, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Bloomberg uses this information for carefully considered purposes which also benefit our customers and which include some or all of the following:
to provide and facilitate our products and services
to operate our services, products, and systems properly
to communicate with you
to help Bloomberg improve, upgrade, or enhance our products and services and develop new products and services
to provide support for our products and services
to maintain the quality and safety of products, and services, and for internal quality control purpose including debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
to provide you with offers and promotions about services and products of Bloomberg or of other third parties that may be of interest to you
to enhance your experience with this Site and otherwise in connection with the Bloomberg Exam Prep, including to save your preferences and login information
to analyze web site usage and analyze use of this Site
to protect the interests, rights, safety or property of Bloomberg or others and to monitor compliance with and enforce any terms any agreement with Bloomberg
You may instruct Bloomberg at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with offers and promotions by contacting
privacy@bloomberg.com
and indicating Bloomberg Exam Prep in the Subject line of your inquiry. You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by
clicking here
. Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner, you will continue to receive communications concerning your account, and products and services you requested, and in response to any requests for information by you. Please also note that it may take some time to process your request, consistent with applicable law.
USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER ELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGIES
Bloomberg and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners, advertisers, and advertising servers) may place, view, and/or use “cookies,”
        Web server logs, Web beacons, or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Site and other websites.
        This information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, device ID, geolocation data,
        the state or country from which you accessed this Site, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit,
        and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site, the number of links you click within this Web site, the functions you use on this Site,
        the databases you view and the searches you request on this Site, and the data you save on or download from this Site.
Bloomberg and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons, either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties’ own purposes, including research, analysis,
        to better serve visitors to this Site  (such as by enabling log-in, providing access to certain sections of this Site, or providing customized content),
        to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites, other statistics, etc.
        However, if you have deleted and disabled cookies, these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information.
        To opt out of Google Analytics, please click
here
.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
        Likewise, most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device.
        The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies,
        disable cookies entirely, or disable the collection of geo-location data. You need to set each browser, on each device you use to surf the Web.
        Thus, if you use multiple browsers (e.g., Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), you should repeat this procedure with each one. Similarly,
        if you connect to the Web from multiple devices (e.g., work and home), you need to set each browser on each device.
        However, if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of this Site, such as the polls,
        surveys, contests, and product sales, and certain areas of this Site for which you need to log in, will not function properly.
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy, information we or our designated service providers have collected about you through this Site may be aggregated,
        analyzed or combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources. If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected,
        through cookies, about your use of this Site or other websites with personal or other information about you, then please delete and disable cookies for each browser, on each computer you use to surf the Web.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Bloomberg, its designated service providers or partners, may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic technologies in order to help display advertisements that you see on other websites.
        Information about your visits to, and activity on, this Site and other websites, an IP address, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance.
        Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this Site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Site. The use and collection of your information by third-party service providers, and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
        To “opt out” of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising,
        and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click
here
here for browsers and click
here
for mobile devices.
        To “opt out” of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) online behavioral advertising member networks, and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click
here
for browsers and click
here
for mobile devices.
        To opt out of advertising cookies for Your Online Choices if you are based in the EU, please click
here
.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Bloomberg may disclose your personal information with our affiliates (including affiliated websites and other products under common ownership or control) and service providers, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
        Bloomberg may also disclose to third parties, including advertising networks, data analytics providers and social networks, your use of our websites, including online identifier,
        Internet Protocol address, and Internet or other electronic network activity information, and the services provided by us for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
        Bloomberg may disclose your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with a sponsor or other third party (“Third-Party Provider”) that provides you with offers or promotions that may be of interest to you.
        You may instruct Bloomberg at any time not to share your personal information with such Third-Party Providers by contacting
privacy@bloomberg.com
and indicating Bloomberg Exam Prep in the Subject line of your inquiry.
        Please note that (i) this process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law; and (ii) even after such process is completed, your personal information may continue to be shared with our affiliates (including affiliated websites and other products under common ownership or control) and designated service providers.
Bloomberg may also disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation or in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process, subject to Bloomberg’s Law Enforcement Data Request Statement (below); (b) protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Bloomberg or others; (c) monitor compliance with and enforce any terms of service on this Site; (d) provide our services and products (including allowing a purchaser of Bloomberg or a Bloomberg division to continue to serve you); (e) perform other activities related to such services and products, including billing and collection; (f) provide you with offers or promotions from Bloomberg; or (g) operate the systems that provide our services and products properly.
If you participate in certain features of this Site, please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features, becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated. If you choose to provide access to designated individuals, please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use. Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Site, and neither Bloomberg nor others’ use of such information is subject to the Privacy Policy.
The collection, use, and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg. Rather, such collection, use, and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties’ privacy policies and practices, if any.
ACCURACY, SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Any of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy is kept on secure servers. Bloomberg uses security measures appropriate to the provision of the relevant product or service, such as reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures to (a) safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification; and (b) ensure the integrity of the personal information. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of your username and password you set up in connection with your participation in the Bloomberg Exam Prep product. Personal information is retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it is collected, including legitimate business reasons, and/or legal and regulatory requirements.
RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Depending on the jurisdiction, you may have the right to access, correct, delete, or
        restrict use of certain personal information covered by this Privacy Policy. Depending on
        the jurisdiction, you may also have the right to request that we refrain from processing
        personal information. Please bear in mind that if you exercise such rights this may affect
        our ability to provide our products and services. For inquiries about your personal
        information, please contact us by
clicking here
. Please note you may use your
        username and password to access the webpage on this Site to update your registration
        information. While Bloomberg will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your
        request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on
        such requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws. Please note that it may take
        some time to process your request, consistent with applicable law.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
In addition, if you are a California resident, you may have the right, consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws to request:
certain information about our collection, use, sale, or disclosure of your personal information
deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by us
to opt-out of the sale of your personal information
You also have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
If you choose to exercise these rights, we ask you to provide sufficient information, including the products and services you have used in the past, your state and country of residence, and contact information, in order for us to verify your identity and process your request. Depending on the types of requests, additional information may be requested.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf related to your personal information. If you choose to use an authorized agent, you should supply your agent with written permission to act on your behalf in relation to your request, and your agent must provide us with proof of such authorization before we process your request.
To exercise a right related to your personal information, please contact us by
clicking here
.
Bloomberg may share personal information related to tailored advertising, including online identifier, Internet Protocol address, and Internet or other electronic network activity information, with third parties in ways that may constitute a “sale” under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. If applicable, you may adjust your preferences related to tailored advertising by using the designated tools or by selecting the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” option in this
form.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Bloomberg L.P. to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email with your first name, last name, mailing address, email address and telephone number to
privacy@bloomberg.com.
Please include “California Privacy Rights” in the Subject line of your email.
Bloomberg L.P.
Attn: Legal Department
731 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer and processing of your personal information to and in various countries that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By using our products and services, you acknowledge and agree to such transfers and processing, including to and in the United States.
        We implement appropriate safeguards, which may include but is not limited to European Commission standard data protection clauses, to protect your personal information that is transferred.
Our Intra-Group Personal Data Protection Statement (below) provides additional information about the transfer of personal information from the EU, EEA, and Switzerland to the United States.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
Bloomberg may provide links or access to third-party web sites or other digital properties, including social networking web sites. Since we do not control third-party digital properties and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such digital properties, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those digital properties before providing any of your information on such digital properties.
QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@bloomberg.com
and include Bloomberg Exam Prep in the Subject line of your inquiry.  If you have complaints about Bloomberg’s processing of your personal information, you may have the right to contact the applicable supervisory authority.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Bloomberg reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by indicating revisions through the "Last Updated" date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Such changes will be effective upon posting.
LAW ENFORCEMENT DATA REQUEST STATEMENT
Bloomberg will not disclose client data (which may include personal information, together "client data") in response to requests from law enforcement, governmental, or regulatory agencies except where required to do so by law (for example, in response to valid and properly-served legal process such as a subpoena or search warrant). Bloomberg reviews the legality of all such requests prior to responding to ensure they are valid and that Bloomberg is legally obligated to comply. Bloomberg challenges requests, including, where necessary, through court challenges and exercise of available appellate rights, if, after careful assessment, Bloomberg concludes that the request exceeds the relevant agency's authority or is otherwise unlawful. When challenging requests, Bloomberg seeks interim measures with a view to suspending the effects of the request until competent judicial authority has ruled on its merits.
Bloomberg will notify its client about any legally binding request prior to disclosing client data in response to that request, and will notify its client if Bloomberg becomes aware of any direct access by public authorities to client data, unless: (1) Bloomberg is prohibited by applicable law from doing so, or (2) there are clear indications of unlawful conduct in connection with the client's use of Bloomberg services.
If Bloomberg responds to a request for disclosure, Bloomberg will attempt to provide the minimum amount of information permissible, based on a reasonable interpretation of the request. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Bloomberg reserves the right to respond to urgent law enforcement requests if Bloomberg believes in good faith that an emergency involving imminent danger of death or serious physical injury justifies such disclosure.
INTRA-GROUP PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION STATEMENT
December 31, 2020
Bloomberg Finance L.P., its operating agent Bloomberg L.P., and affiliates (“Bloomberg”) are committed to compliance with their data protection obligations throughout the world. This Intra-Group Personal Data Protection Statement (“Statement”) sets out the privacy principles Bloomberg follows with respect to personal information that it transfers from the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland (collectively, “EU”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and UK GDPR.
Bloomberg has implemented robust processes and protections to meet the requirements of transferring personal information to third countries in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Accordingly, the relevant Bloomberg group companies have entered into Intra-Group Personal Data Protection Agreements (“IGAs”) to ensure that personal information transferred from the EU or UK is subject to appropriate safeguards, and to clearly identify the Bloomberg group companies responsible for transfers of personal information from the EU or UK.
The IGAs incorporate unchanged EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”), which include specific obligations and rights around transfers of personal information, and ensure that any personal information leaving the EU and/ or UK will be transferred by Bloomberg in compliance with applicable EU and UK data protection laws.  The IGAs include the operational procedures and security measures we use to maintain the accuracy and integrity of personal information and protect personal information.
Governance
We regularly review and update our governance framework, including roles and responsibilities of personnel, and maintain a working group to oversee data protection regulation compliance and document results and decisions as they relate to personal information management.
Accountability and Recordkeeping
We map the personal data life cycle and maintain a personal data map inventory, including documenting personal data flows within Bloomberg’s systems and any disclosures to third-party systems.
Security
We invest in and maintain organisational, technical, and physical safeguards intended to ensure the protection of personal information. We engage in ongoing monitoring and testing of the efficacy of these safeguards. Our data centers are dedicated solely to our products, services, and operations, and have secure and monitored access controls.
Privacy By Design
We integrate personal data mapping and accountability into our product design processes, and build personal data security into our development and product life cycles.
Administrative controls
We regularly review and update our policies, procedures, and controls to address our data protection obligations. We conduct data protection executive education and tailored training programs for data protection compliance.
The Bloomberg group companies involved in personal information transfer and management are identified in the IGAs as Data Exporter(s) or Data Importer(s). Bloomberg is an independent Data Controller unless otherwise specified. With respect to specific products and services where Bloomberg acts as a Data Processor to our customers, we make available to our customers additional data processing terms, including unchanged EU-Commission approved Controller-to-Processor SCCs. Products where Bloomberg acts as data processor include Bloomberg Vault and Bloomberg Regulatory Reporting Services.
Contact Information
Questions or comments regarding this Statement should be submitted to Bloomberg’s privacy team at the following address:
General Counsel
731 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
United States
Or by emailing
privacy@bloomberg.com
.
This Statement may be amended from time to time, consistent with the requirements of applicable law, and will be effective immediately.
This website uses cookies to provide you the best experience possible,
    as well as for tracking performance and marketing purposes. You can check our
privacy policy
for more information.
    By clicking "Confirm" or by continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies.
Confirm
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mindojo.com/privacy-policy.html:
Introducing the most sophisticated app for kids learning English as a second language.
Products
Prep courses
The platform
GMAT Recruiter
GRE Recruiter
LSAT Recruiter
Company
About the company
Work with us
Contact us
Sign up
Products
Prep courses
The platform
GMAT Recruiter
Company
About the company
Work with us
Have questions?
Sign up
Contact us
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
1.1 This Privacy Policy concerns the collection and use of personal and other identifiable information that is collected through your access to the Services offered on www.mindojo.com and its associated domains (individually and collectively “we” or the “Company”). We are committed to protecting the privacy of users, and accordingly, we do not collect personally identifying information unless it is provided to us voluntarily and knowingly, and do not share any information with anyone outside of our Company other than described herein. You are under no obligation to provide us with any requested information, but without it we may not be able to take the action requested.
1.2 By accessing any part of the Services, you agree to be bound by and have accepted this Privacy Policy in full. If you do not agree with either document then you may not use the Services.
1.3 We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revised terms. It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we may make to the Privacy Policy and your continuing to access to the Services indicates your acceptance of any current Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
2.1 We may collect personally identifying information to give you access to the Services, to allow registration and for you to optimize your experience using the Services, and/or to respond to a request. For such use, you may be required to provide your e-mail address and other personally identifying information (such as your name, phone number or date of birth) as we may deem necessary. When you provide any personally identifying information, you acknowledge that you are knowingly and voluntarily providing us the information, and that all provided information is accurate and up-to-date.
2.2 We may use your IP address and other related information such as browser type, time zone settings, and operating system in order to grant you access to and otherwise administer the Services.
2.3 We collect certain usage information about our Services, such as the number and frequency of users and/or users' Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, which are automatically logged and used by the Company and its contractors to analyze user activity at an aggregate level, such as the number of visits and geographic optimization. This data is used only in the aggregate and does not include any personally identifying information.
2.4 We may use a third party for advertisements on the Services. Our advertising partners will serve ads that most likely will be of interest to you, based on information related to your use of the Services. This information is anonymous in that it does not include your name, street address, email address or telephone number. In order to do this, we or our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer or device.
2.5 We may use a credit card processing company for billing for goods and services. These companies have different privacy policies over which the Company has no control. You are responsible for review and acceptance of each such privacy policy.
2.6 If you provide the Company with information other than the requested personally identifying information, including suggestions about the Services, all such information shall be solely owned by the Company and may be used, reproduced, modified, distributed and disclosed by the Company in any manner in its sole discretion, without compensation to you.
Information Sharing
3.1 The Company does not sell, rent or pass on your personally identifiable information to any third party other than as necessary to provide the Services unless we have your consent or as otherwise set forth herein. All third parties that require such information to provide the Services will agree to use any such information based on the Company’s instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
3.2 The Company may provide such information to third parties without your consent if the Company reasonably believes that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or our safety or the safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
3.3 If you share or connect your information and content via social media websites, you should be aware of each websites terms and privacy policies as the Company has no control over third party websites.
Data Use Relating to Google Application Programming Interfaces
4.1 Google APIs is a set of application programming interfaces (APIs) developed by Google which allows communication with Google Services and their integration into other services. Mindojo uses Google APIs to give access to services, collect data and perform actions that you initiate. Although the use of the APIs may require a user to enter a username and password, Mindojo does not receive user passwords at any time.
4.2 Our services use the Google OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication without requiring the user to share their login credentials with us. OAuth also allows secure access to the user’s data, as required by the apps, and the data resides strictly inside your Google account. We do not store any of your account data on our servers.
4.3 Mindojo does not transfer any data received from the use of the Google APIs, but it may transfer data as necessary to comply with applicable law or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets with notice to users.
4.4 Mindojo does not transfer the data received from the use of the Google APIs for serving ads, including retargeting, personalized, or interest-based advertising. Mindojo does not allow humans to read the data received from use of the Google APIs unless: (i) Mindojo first obtains the user’s affirmative agreement for specific messages; (ii) it is necessary for security purposes; (iii) it is necessary to comply with applicable law; or (iv) Mindojo use is limited to internal operations and that data, including derivations thereof, have been aggregated and anonymized.
Submission of Others' Personal Information
5.1 From time to time the Company may ask you to provide personal details of friends or business associates so that the Company can send them details of the Services. Before providing such information, please insure you have obtained the appropriate consent. The Company will use any such information only in a manner that is compatible with this Privacy Policy.
Data Security
6.1 We use a variety of security measures including encryption and authentication to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information under our control. Registered accounts are secured by your created username and password, and we take precautions to insure that account information is kept private. You are solely responsible for the security of your username and password.
6.2 We use reasonable measures to protect information that is stored within our databases, and restrict access to information to those who need access to perform their job functions, who are instructed that the information is to be used only in adherence with the provisions set forth in this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
6.3 Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of information.
6.4 E-mails are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted. If your communication is sensitive or includes highly confidential information, you may want to provide it by post.
Cookies and Web Beacons
7.1 Like many companies, we use "cookie" and/or "web beacon" technology. Cookies may give us such information as your log in details and when you have accessed the Services before. Web Beacons are tags that can monitor the behavior of a user accessing the Services.
7.2 Cookies are used during your connection with the Services to allow you free access to the Services and to use the Services without repeatedly requiring you to re-enter your user name and password. The cookies do not provide us with any way to contact you.
7.3 While all browsers are different, you may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. However, you may have to enable cookies from in order to use and access some of the Services.
7.4 Information recorded through web beacons is used to report anonymous individual and/or aggregate information about our users.
7.5 The Company has no control over cookies or web beacons used by third party websites accessed through the Services.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
8.1 You may opt out of any future contacts by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on the Services or set forth below.
8.2    You also can request to see what data we have about you, if any; change/correct any data we have about you; ask us to delete any data we have about you; or express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Miscellaneous
9.1 This Privacy Policy constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the privacy policy related to the Services.
9.2 This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel applicable therein, without regard to conflict of laws. You irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Tel Aviv in connection with any action arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy. You waive any objection based on lack of personal jurisdiction, place of residence, improper venue or forum non-convenience in any such action.
9.3 If any court having competent jurisdiction holds any provision of this Privacy Policy invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of this Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.
9.4 No waiver of any provision of this Privacy Policy shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision of this Privacy Policy.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately
      via email at
privacy@mindojo.com
.
This website uses cookies to provide you the best experience possible,
      as well as for tracking performance and marketing purposes. You can check our
privacy policy
for more information.
      By clicking "Confirm" or by continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies.
Confirm