Privacy Policy
We only collect anonymous
                            information.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique
                        device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better
                        experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not
                        collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you
                        believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly
                        obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
Can users see their personal data?
We dont store any personal data
How long do you keep user data?
We dont store any personal data
Do you share personal information?
We dont store any personal data
No ad companies collect data through our service.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
Can users ask questions or opt-out?
We dont store any personal data. so there is nothing to opt-out from
Analytics providers access data on our behalf.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us
                        understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share
                        it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company
                        privacy policies that govern their use of data.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage
                        with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors
                        interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information
                        anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.
Privacy Policy and
                            Choices
How do you secure personal data?
We dont store any personal data
What situations could require disclosure?
We dont store any personal data
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on 2013-08-26. Our privacy policy may change from time to
                        time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our
                        website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice
                        to you by email, push notification or text.
Contact Us
Name
*
Email
*
Message
*
Submit
Newsletter
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support