Home
Apps
Stories
Utilities
Games
Board
Racing
Puzzle
Regional
Tamil
Hindi
English
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy - Sudhakar Kanakaraj
Privacy Policy
I, Sudhakar
Kanakaraj, consider the privacy of individuals the utmost importance than
anything else when it comes to my apps & games in both Google Play Store
and iOS App store. Here, I declare, to my knowledge, the manners in which I collect
and use the any information of you (as a user of my apps & games).
This
includes any apps & games by me (as the privacy policy declared in all my
apps & games in both Google Play Store and iOS App store), which are
downloaded and the services consumed by you (user) via my apps and games.
This policy
information may by updated time and time, as I include new apps, games &
services, in future. So, you (user) are advised to visit the policy regularly
for any changes. Rest assured, I will not introduce any services, games &
apps that will violate the individual’s privacy.
Information
Collection
My primary
goals in collecting information & using them are to give you a better
experience, to enable you to easily navigate and consume the services, and finally
to help myself to improve my apps, games & services in future.
When you
install my apps & games, I may collect non-personal information from you
when you use.
Personal
Information
Personal
information is information that specifically identifies an individual,
including, but not limited to, an individual’s name, phone number, credit card
or other billing information, email address and home address.
I will NOT
collect any of the above said information from you, however, my advertising
partners who places ads on my apps & games, may take you to another
application (web, apps & games) that might ask you such information, only
if you voluntarily agree to submit such information. You can always refuse to
supply personal information. In any suspicious case, You should avoid using
social network features such as Sharing and Friend invite requests.
I will NOT
be held responsibility for such voluntary submission. My sincere advice to you
(users) is that as I value your privacy the most, you should also be cautious
in such events. You can always report to me about the events which makes you
(users) uncomfortable while using my apps and games. I partner only with those
advertising providers who takes such event seriously, and protect the
individual’s privacy with utmost care.
Non-personal
Information
I may
collect non-personal identification information about you (user) whenever you
interact with my services. Said information includes —but is not limited to—
device type, brand and model, Android & iOS version, unique device
identifiers, location and country.
Social
Media
My apps
& games, but not all, might include social media services, such as to
enable you (user) to share, like, post information such as our facebook pages,
promotional tweets and google+ postings. I will only use, Facebook, Twitter
& Google+ platforms & services for social media promotional activities.
In any of
the cases, my apps & games, will only open the said platform, and will let
you (user) decide what you want to do with it. I will not perform any social
activities on behalf of you, neither post, nor like, nor share etc.
If you use
one of my applications and connect to your Google or other Social Media account
within such application, you will be providing me with basic account information
i.e., user ID, name and email. In addition, I will cache data I receive from
the Google or other Social Media APIs to improve the user experience. If you
(user) want me to delete the data I receive from these accounts about you,
please contact me.
Usage of
the Information
I use your
(user) Information to provide you with a better experience, to improve the
quality and value of my apps & games and to analyze and evaluate how the my
apps & games being used. I may also use your (user) Information to serve
you (user) specifically advertisements according to your (user) preferences or
restrictions.
Sharing
of the Information
I may share
with third party companies and individuals specifically to analyze and serve
the ads that are most relevant to you. These third parties have access to your
(user) Information only to perform analyze and deliver advertisements on my behalf
and may not use your (user) Information for any other purpose.
Disclosing
of the Information
As I don’t
hold any of your (user) personal information, I cannot be held responsible for
disclosing information about you (user). The non-personal information collected
from you by my advertising partners, may be disclosed in the events of law
enforcements, or to lessen or to prevent a serious emergency or a crime.
Children’s
Privacy
As my apps
& games, have been used & played by children of all age, as a parent,
you can always check back with me in case of any uncomfortable and suspicious
events according to you. My advertising partners may slip ads based on your
non-personal information, that may uncomfortable to your (user) children. In
those situations, you always have the option to turn-off the connectivity in
your mobile to stop any advertisements for that matter before handing over to
your children. Alternatively, you can write to me about such situations as
well.
Terms
Acceptance
By using
any of the services offered, You (users) agree to the terms and conditions of
this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of
your information by me in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy
Policy, please do not use my apps & games.
Contact
You can
always contact me about this privacy policy or any other issues,
sudhakar.kanakaraj@outlook.com
Final Words
Also, I
declare, as a developer who is thriving in the app economy, I support the
development cost of my free apps and games by providing advertisements
(banners, full-screen ads, audio, video, and other digital forms as declared
and protected by ads suppliers). I, also, ensure the ads placed will not hamper
the user experience you will go through in my apps & games, that is my
secret sauce for the success which I will not compromise at any cost.
So, you get
a complete privacy, a better user experience, and I get to support my
development costs. It is a win-win situation for you (users) and me. Please
always have a friendly attitude towards me, and my services, and write to me of
anything, appreciation, suspicious events, uncomfortable situations. I will
always be happy to address the issues.
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Quick Links
Our Apps
Our Games
Privacy Policy
Usage Policy
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.whiture.com/p/privacy.html:
Home
Apps
Stories
Utilities
Games
Board
Racing
Puzzle
Regional
Tamil
Hindi
English
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Dear Users,
Please note that the app permissions are mainly used by Ad providers Google and InMobi only. They are market leaders in Ads Serving which help us to develop free apps for you guys.
Internet Capability
To get the internet capability
Device Identity
To get the device identity for targeting purposes
Web Browser Capability
To launch the ad-click pages
Location
To show the location specific ads, which will help you to find the relevant ads.
Phone Dialer
To help you to launch phone dialing directly by clicking on the ads.
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Quick Links
Our Apps
Our Games
Privacy Policy
Usage Policy
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it