Expand all
Vinted Privacy Policy
Date last updated: 2024-11-13
When it comes to your personal data, safety and transparency take top priority here at Vinted. To help you understand what information we collect about you, how we use it and what rights you have, we’ve prepared this detailed Privacy Policy.
1. General
2. Why and how do we collect and use your data?
3. Recipients of personal data
4. What should you know when you interact with a Pro User?
5. Use of cookies
6. Right of amendment
7. Your statutory rights regarding your data
8. Our contact details
1. General
This Privacy Policy applies to the online platform Vinted (“Website”) and to the associated app (“App”) (the Website and the App are jointly referred to as the “Platform”).
The data controller of your personal data is Vinted, UAB, Švitrigailos st. 13, LT-03228 Vilnius, Republic of Lithuania. The data controller is further referred to as “We”, “Us” or “Vinted”. More details about how to get in contact with us can be found at the end of this Privacy Policy under No. 7.
Where this Privacy Policy refers to data recipients or direct marketing activities, the Vinted Group includes the following entities: Vinted, UAB; Vinted Limited; Vinted GmbH; Vinted s.r.o.; Vinted sp. z o.o.; Vinted Go, UAB; Vinted Go SASU; Vinted SASU; Vinted B.V.; Vinted Go GmbH; Vinted (UK) Limited; Vinted Pay, UAB; Vinted Systems, UAB; Vinted Platform Limited; Vinted Go Limited; Homerr B.V.
We take your privacy extremely seriously. All personal data will be collected, stored and used by us in accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation No. 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and/or other applicable statutory regulations.
The services offered by us via the Website and/or App can function only if we collect, store, transfer, delete and/or otherwise use (“collect and use”) specific data relating to you (“personal data” or “data”). Personal data means all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person such as your name, date of birth, address, or email address.
This Privacy Policy describes which of your data we collect and for what purposes we collect and use it when you use the services offered by us on the Platform, including Vinted Pro service for professional sellers (“Pro User”). This Privacy Policy also contains important information on the protection of your data, especially the statutory rights you have in connection with it.
Certain services on our Platform are offered by third-party suppliers. When you use these services, the data protection regulations of the third-party suppliers will then apply in addition to this data protection statement. Prior to your use of such services, the third-party suppliers may require you to provide permission under data protection law.
Under applicable data protection laws, Vinted is obligated to inform you about data processing and Vinted fulfills this obligation within this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy and any parts of it are not meant as contractual clauses and do not become part of the
general terms and conditions
(“GTC”) as a contract that is concluded with registered users. Under applicable data protection laws, Vinted can process data that is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or necessary for taking steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR). References to the GTC should at all times be understood as information on data processing (Art. 13 and 14 GDPR) and never as clauses that become part of the GTC. By using the Platform and our services, you enter into a legally binding contract between you and Vinted conditions of which are described in the GTC.
2. Why and how do we collect and use your personal data?
2.1. To enable you to use the Platform, allow us to provide our services and perform our GTC
We collect and use your personal data to allow you to use our Platform, to provide our services and to perform a contract (GTC) with you and especially to undertake commercial transactions via the Platform, to use the electronic payment system or to leave reviews and communicate with other members. To use these services, you need a Vinted account. For this purpose, you must register as a member on the Website or App.
Most of your personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you. Part of your data is required to fulfill our legal obligations when you are a member of our Platform. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to comply with legal requirements and provide our services.
This data is also used for the improvement of the Platform in order to make it a better experience for our members (see 2.2.12).
We collect and use your personal data for these purposes until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.1. To enable registration on the Platform
When you register as a member on the Platform, you must provide the following data in order to carry out the registration procedure and access your Vinted account:
User name (necessary when you register without a Facebook or Google account);
Email address;
Confirmation that you are aged over 18;
Password (necessary when you register without a Facebook or Google account);
Registered business name (only when you are a Pro User);
Business type (only when you are a Pro User);
National insurance number (only when you are a Pro User);
Where applicable, VAT registration number (only when you are a Pro User);
Business address (only when you are a Pro User);
Contact number (only when you are a Pro User);
Contact email address (only when you are a Pro User);
Full name of business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Date of birth of business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Nationality of business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Country of residence of business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Address of business representative (only when you are a Pro User).
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (GTC) (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Legal basis for the collection and use of data provided by a Pro User is the performance of a contract (Vinted Pro Users Terms of Use) to which Pro User is a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
We also determine your location based on your IP address at the time of registration. You can at any time choose to change your city and make it not visible to other members under "My settings" in your Vinted account.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.2. To authenticate you via Google, Facebook or Apple ID
If you register using your Google Ireland Ltd. (Ireland), Google LLC (USA) (“Google”) or Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. (Ireland), Meta Platforms, Inc. (USA) (“Facebook”), or Apple Inc. (USA) (“Apple”) account or later on decide to connect your Google, Facebook or Apple account to your Vinted account, you will be transferred from our Platform to the website of Google, Facebook or Apple and asked to enter the log-in details for your Google, Facebook or Apple ID account.
If you enter your Google log-in details, Vinted will receive from Google the following data from your Google account (you may choose not to provide some data):
Profile photo;
Full name;
Google account ID;
Email address.
If you enter your Facebook log-in details, Vinted will receive from Facebook the following data from your Facebook account (you may choose not to provide your email address):
Profile photo;
Full name;
Email address;
Facebook account ID.
If you enter your Apple ID log-in details, Vinted will receive from Apple the following data from your Apple ID account (you may choose not to provide your email address by using Apple’s Private Email Relay Service):
Full name;
Email address;
Apple ID.
The data we obtain from Google, Facebook or Apple will be used to set up your Vinted account. This means that we will use the member name of your Google, Facebook or Apple ID account as the member name for your Vinted account so that it will be visible to other visitors to the Website and users of the App. Other data obtained from Google, Facebook or Apple will not be visible to anyone on the Platform.
You can at any time undo the link with your Google, Facebook or Apple ID account. This can be done under "My settings" in your Vinted account. If, however, when you initially registered, you did so without linking to your Google, Facebook or Apple ID account, you can create this link later.
Collection and use of data is based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.3. To enable you to set up your profile information
If you decide to add profile details to the account you create on the Platform, we collect and use the following data when you choose to provide it:
Full name;
Gender;
Date of birth;
Profile photo;
Metadata of the photo you upload (geolocation, ID number of device, date and time of photo taken, etc.);
Whether you have enabled the Holiday Mode;
Your favorite items;
Information that you choose to provide in the “About You” field.
Your profile photo, information on whether you have enabled the Holiday Mode and the information you provide in the "About You" field are visible to other visitors of the Platform, but the remainder of the data entered by you is not visible.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account. Photo metadata containing personal data is deleted immediately.
2.1.4. To show other members relevant information regarding your activity on the Platform
When you are a registered member on the Platform, we collect, use and make public on the Platform the following information for the purpose of providing other members with the relevant information:
Last login date;
Verification fact;
Number and member names of followers;
Number and member names of members followed;
Likes.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to ensure that our members would access important information about each other (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.5. To enable you to list your items
If you list items on the Platform, we will collect and use the following data for the purpose of creating, publishing and deleting listings on the Platform (list of required information differs depending on the chosen item category):
Item title;
Item description;
Item category;
Item brand;
Item condition;
Item size;
Item colour;
Item material;
Item photos;
Item number;
Metadata of the photos you upload (geolocation, ID number of device, date and time of photo taken, etc.);
ISBN (when you sell books);
Information whether the item is unisex;
Price;
Discount;
Information whether an item is marked as reserved;
Shipping options;
Parcel size;
Reasons for deleting the item.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 18 months and 7 days of inactivity. Deleted items and their photos are stored for 6 months. Photo metadata containing personal data is deleted immediately.
2.1.6. To enable notifications on the Platform for you
When you are a registered member on the Platform, we will provide you with notifications on the Platform regarding your new followers, your favorited items, your activity on the forum and other important messages.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data for the purposes of sending you notifications via the Platform’s messaging system is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR), and the legal basis for sending you push notifications is our legitimate interest to facilitate sales on the Platform (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
If you interact with a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for collection of personal data and transfer of such data to Pro User. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.7. To enable you to communicate with other members
If you communicate with other members on the Platform, we collect and use the following data:
Name of the member you are communicating with;
Messages;
Date and time of messages;
Shared photos;
Your device;
Information whether another member has seen your message;
Other data submitted in messages.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
If you interact with a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Processing of personal data by Vinted necessary to provide a communication channel for Pro User to communicate with other members and enable its functions. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
If you decide to remove a message from a conversation, it will be instantly hidden for you and the recipient, and permanently deleted after 3 months from the moment you remove it. Legal basis for storing the removed message data is our legitimate interest to ensure the safety of our Platform and our members (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
2.1.8. To enable you to leave reviews to other members on the Platform
If you leave reviews to other members, Vinted collects and uses the following data for the purpose of making reviews publicly available on the Platform:
Review;
Star rating;
Member name;
Date and time of the review;
Reply to the review.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
If you interact with a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for collection of personal data and publication of the review on the Platform. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
You can, at any time, edit or delete your reviews left to other members.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account. The reviews are anonymized afterwards.
2.1.9. To receive reviews from other members
When you receive reviews from other members, we will collect and use the following data for the purpose of making reviews publicly available on the Platform:
Review;
Star rating;
Member name;
Date and time of the review
Your reply to the review.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the legitimate interest of our members and Vinted to build trust among Vinted members (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
If you interact with a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for collection of personal data and publication of the review on the Platform. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.10. To enable you to post in the forum and discuss with our community
The Vinted forum is where our community comes to talk and help each other by sharing experiences and tips. You can create new forum topics or post comments in our forum. We collect and use the following data which you voluntarily submit on the Platform:
Your member name;
Your picture;
Your created forum topics;
Your forum posts;
Photos shared in your post;
Date and time of your post;
Total number of your posts on the Platform;
Your device;
Likes under your post;
Your likes under other members’ posts;
Your favorite forum topics.
If you select to post anonymously, your member name/picture won't be visible to other members. However, your identity will still be visible to the Vinted team.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
You can delete and edit your own forum topics and posts at any time.
Unless you delete your forum topics or posts earlier, we collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.11. To address your public feedback about us
If you leave a public review or other feedback about the Platform, we collect and use the following data for the purpose of addressing your feedback:
Full name;
Country;
Language (if you leave your feedback on the App Store or Google Play);
Feedback;
Date and time of feedback;
Link to feedback;
Technical data related to browser, device type and operating system (if you leave your feedback on the App Store or Google Play).
The legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to manage Vinted’s reputation (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose for up to 4 months.
2.1.12. To send you important communication regarding the Platform
If you register on the Platform, we will send you e-mails and messages via the Platform’s messaging system for the purpose of providing important notifications such as GTC, Privacy Policy changes.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (compliance with our GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR) and compliance with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.13. To determine that you are a professional seller and notify you about it
We will notify you when we consider you as a Pro User and will ask you to register as a Pro User on the Platform or convert your existing account into a Pro User account. For this purpose, we will collect the data of your usage of the Platform and will take into account your activity in order to determine if you are considered to be a Pro User according to the criteria described in the Catalogue Rules.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (compliance with our GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.14. To send you offers via the Platform’s messaging system
If you register on the Platform, we will send you offers related to Vinted services (“Offers”) via the Platform’s messaging system (inbox messages and notifications) and push notifications.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is our legitimate interest to provide offers to our members (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, Art. 13 (2) of Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (Directive on privacy and electronic communications), Art. 81 (2) of Lithuanian Law on Electronic Communications).
In order to send the Offers and other news, Vinted uses service provider Braze, Inc. (USA) which is established outside the European Economic Area.
In this case the personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.1.15. To provide you with customer support service
If you send us a query, request, or want to appeal our decision,
we will collect and use the following data for the purpose of providing you with customer support services you request on the Platform:
Full name;
Email;
Your profile information;
Platform usage information;
Transaction and pay-out information;
Shipment information;
Communications;
Age;
Gender;
IP address;
Session information;
Item listings, photos and videos;
Inquiries;
Other information submitted by you.
The type of information we collect can vary depending on your inquiry, and on whether or not you have an account on our Platform.
Legal basis for the collection and use of non-Platform user data is our legitimate interest to properly investigate your request,
while the legal basis for the same in relation to users that have an account with us is the execution of the contract to which you have subscribed (GTC)
(Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
If you interact with a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for collection of personal data and transfer of such data to a Pro User. Data will be processed by both, Vinted and Pro User to resolve issues at all phases. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
In order to respond to your inquiries, Vinted provides your data to customer support service providers.
The following service providers are operating outside the European Economic Area, which may result in your data being shared with our customer support agents outside the European Economic Area. In these cases the personal data is protected by the service providers entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
Transcom Worldwide Italy SPA (Albania)
Transcom Worldwide Tunis S.a.r.l. (Tunisia)
Transcom Worldwide SAS (Colombia)
Helpware Inc. (Ukraine)
Teleperformance Portugal S.A (Egypt)
Teleperformance Guyana INC. (Guyana)
Outsourcia Société par actions simplifiée (Morocco)
PhoneAct S.A.R.L. (Tunisia)
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 2 years after the last update related to your inquiry.
If you have an account on our Platform and it gets deleted,
personal data collected and used for this purpose will be deleted along with your account, which may be shorter than 2 years.
2.1.16. To provide item verification service
We offer an optional item verification service on our Platform. If you or another member wishes an item to be checked and verified by our experts, we collect and use the following data:
Information about the item undergoing verification;
Verification results;
Full name (for shipping);
Address (for shipping).
Legal basis for such collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose for 5 years after the completion of the verification.
2.1.17. To resolve any purchase-related disputes between members
If you purchase and/or sell items on the platform and get involved in a dispute with another member, we will collect and use any of your personal data held by Vinted necessary to solve the dispute.
We base such collection and use on a legitimate interest to settle disputes between our members and defend the rights and interests of Vinted (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) and, where relevant, compliance with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 1 year after a dispute is concluded.
2.1.18. To retain temporarily your deactivated account
If you decide to deactivate your account, we will take all reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable on the Platform and restrict the use of your personal data. For up to 3 months it is still possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated; in case you change your mind and wish to return to the Platform; in case someone else gains access to your account and deletes it without your knowledge; to protect our Platform against abuse whereby certain members delete their accounts in order to to get rid of negative ratings, avoid their obligations or to otherwise circumvent our GTC, thus, violating our and other Platform users’ interests; and/or to prevent malicious activities on the Platform (e.g. multiple accounts created by spammers).
The legal basis for such storage of your data is the legitimate interest of Vinted and our members to restore your account when necessary and/or to prevent abuse and malicious activities on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR); and, where applicable, to comply with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
Personal data are kept for this purpose for 3 months from the date of deactivation of your Vinted account.
After 3 months we delete your account permanently from our Platform.
2.2. To improve your experience when using the Platform
We collect and use your personal data in order to improve your experience when using the Platform by enabling you to personalize your feed and search results, providing you relevant suggestions and keeping your previous searches, sending you notifications and otherwise making the use of Platform more pleasant.
A specific applicable legal basis for the collection and use of your data is described in each section below.
2.2.1. To enable your preferences regarding your feed and search results
If you choose to personalize the items presented to you on the Platform (on item feed, catalog and search results), we will collect and use the following data for the purpose of presenting you a feed personalized according to your preferences:
Information whether you are interested in items for women, men or children;
Preferred sizes of the items;
Preferred brands of the items.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.2. To personalize your feed and search results
We also personalize the item feed by evaluating your preferences according to the following:
Gender;
Age;
Country;
Language;
Information about your browsing activity on the Platform;
Purchasing history;
Your preferences.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the legitimate interest of Vinted and its members (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) to make the Platform more convenient for our members and, due to personalization, allow you to see offers from other members that might interest you the most.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose for as long as your account is active.
2.2.3. To prioritize good value items by reputable sellers
In order to determine whether you as a seller offer good value items as a reputable seller we will collect and use the following data of you when you sell your items on the Platform:
Number of positive reviews;
Information whether the seller has items that are cheaper than 60% of similar items sold on the Platform (similarity is determined according to item category, brand and condition).
We use results to prioritize good value items by reputable sellers when showing items to new members, increase the visibility of items uploaded by members that have chosen the same language as you and/or live in the same country or region, items listed by new members, items that have 3 favorites or more, children’s items that have one or more favorites, items that are bumped, show relevant items on the Platform.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to prioritize good value items by reputable sellers in order to facilitate sales and member satisfaction on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.4. To suggest you relevant items
If you choose to create item listings on the Platform, we will collect and use data that you provide in the listing (see 2.1.5 above) by analyzing it in order to either offer members that visit your items other relevant items or offer members your items that may be relevant to them.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to improve the Platform and ensure that our members receive relevant suggestions and search results (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.5. To suggest relevant item descriptions
When you create item listings on the Platform, we collect and analyze the data you provide in the listing (see 2.1.5 above) to suggest the most appropriate description for your listing.
Legal basis for such collection and use of data is our legitimate interest to improve the Platform and ensure that our members receive relevant suggestions (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.6. To improve search results on the Platform
We collect and use data provided in the listings (see 2.1.5 above) about items with no information related to sellers in order to improve search results by evaluating how relevant are certain items to a specific search keyword and to automatically suggest relevant categories for new listings. For this, we only use the item listing with no link to a particular seller.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to improve the Platform and ensure that our members receive relevant suggestions and search results (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Vinted uses service providers who provide data analysis services to Vinted.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.7. To save your recent searches
In order to help you find previously searched items on the Platform, we save your search keywords. We collect and use the following data for the purpose of providing information about newly listed items on the Platform based on the keyword you were looking for previously:
Your search history (last searched keywords);
Date and time of your search;
Number of newly listed items.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the legitimate interest of our members and Vinted to improve search results on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
You can delete your search history at any time.
Unless you delete your search history earlier, we collect and use your personal data for this purpose
for up to 6 months.
2.2.8. To help you to get more attention to your listings
In case you decide to make orders for extra services, i.e bumps and “Wardrobe Spotlight” in order to get more visibility for your items on the Platform, we collect and use the following data:
Your profile information;
Extra services you bought;
Items you selected for extra services;
Duration of extra services;
Date and time of extra services you bought;
Price of extra services;
Payments information;
Invoices;
Statistics of your items during extra services usage.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (your order for extra features under GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.9. To suggest a price when an item listing is created
If you choose to create an item listing on the Platform, our algorithms will analyze its price in addition to item category, item brand and item condition. We will then use that information to show you pictures and prices of similar items sold in the last three months in order to help you determine the selling price for your item.
If your chosen selling price is bigger than the price range of similar items sold on the Platform in the last three months, Vinted will also give you a tip regarding the recommended price range.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to help our members to choose the right price for their items (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
To achieve the aforementioned functionality, we collect and use pictures and prices of items sold in the last 3 months.
When you are listing your items, we collect and use the information used to analyze your items for the duration of the item listing process. When you sell items, we collect and use the data mentioned above for 3 months after the item has been sold.
2.2.10. To enable notifications about your favorite items
If you favorite an item listed by another member on the Platform, Vinted will inform you when your favorite item price is reduced or when the item is sold. For this reason, we will collect and use the following data:
Title of the favorite item;
Photo of the favorite item;
Seller of the favorite item;
Price of the favorite item;
Information whether a favorite item is sold;
Information about reduced price.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the legitimate interest of our members and Vinted to facilitate sales on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.11. To notify sellers when you favorite their items
If you favorite an item on the Platform, Vinted will inform the seller that you have favorited their item.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the legitimate interest of our members and Vinted to facilitate sales on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
You can disable the aforementioned notifications by logging in on the Platform, visiting Privacy Settings and changing relevant settings.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.12. To allow you to follow other members
If your followed member listed a new item on the Platform, we will notify you about it.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.13. To improve our Platform
Vinted is committed to the best performance of the Platform. When the Platform is being used, Vinted gathers information about actions performed on the Platform (button clicks, visiting time, notifications read, other information depending on a particular business case) and other data described under 2.1, 2.2, 2.5, 2.6, and 4 of this Privacy Policy in order to help us make decisions on how to improve the Platform and make it a better experience for our members.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to maintain performance and improve the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.2.14. To conduct surveys
We always look for ways to improve your experience when using Vinted. That is why we might invite you to participate in a survey and use your feedback. For this reason, we collect and use the following data:
User ID;
Your gender;
Your age;
Your live area;
Your responses to our questions (e.g. your satisfaction with Platform, your needs for Platform, problems that you encounter using Platform).
Legal basis for inviting you to participate in the survey is our legitimate interest to receive feedback from our members and use it to improve the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, Art. 13 (2) of Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (Directive on privacy and electronic communications), Art. 81 (2) of Lithuanian Law on Electronic Communications).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
If you wish to participate in the survey, the information above will be collected based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
For our surveys we use a service provider Widgix Limited (United Kingdom,
which is considered by the European Commission as safe in terms of data protection
).
We will anonymize your responses after 1 year - this means that the responses will no longer be associated with you.
2.2.15. To conduct interviews
In order to understand our users' needs and improve your experience on the Platform, we conduct on-site or online interviews with you. For this reason, we collect and use the following data:
User ID;
Your gender;
Your age;
Your interests;
Your interview recording;
Other data voluntarily submitted by you during the interview.
Legal basis for inviting you to participate in the on-site interview is our legitimate interest to receive feedback from our members and use it to improve the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
If you wish to participate in the interview, the information above will be collected based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We will anonymize your responses after 3 years - this means that the responses will no longer be associated with you.
2.2.16. To enable you to share your user journey
We constantly improve our Platform and look for ways to improve your experience when using Vinted. In case you consent, we enable you to share your user journey through our Platform. We will collect and use the following data:
User ID;
Your contact details;
Date and time of the survey;
Category to which you are assigned (e.g. new member of our Platform);
Your screen recording;
Your voice recording;
Your face recording.
Legal basis for inviting you to participate in the sharing of your user journey is our legitimate interest to receive feedback from our members and use it to improve the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
If you wish to participate in the survey, the information above will be collected based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We will anonymize your responses after 3 months - this means that the responses will no longer be associated with you.
2.2.17. To enable automatic content translation
To make the content available in any language preferred by our members, we have integrated an automatic translation solution into the Platform. We collect and use the following data if you or another member wishes to have it translated:
Information provided in the “About You” field.
Item descriptions;
Reviews;
Messages.
For automatic translation, Vinted uses service provider Google LLC (USA) which is established outside the European Economic Area. In this case the personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
Legal basis for such collection and use of the personal data is the legitimate interest of Vinted and its members (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) to make the Platform more convenient and easier to understand for our members.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose for 2 weeks after the translation has been completed.
2.3. To ensure the security of your account and the Platform
Vinted strives to ensure that the accounts of our members and the Platform itself would be secure and protected from cyber attacks, unauthorized access and other related risks.
2.3.1. To track visits to the Platform for security purposes
When you visit, register or login to the Website or App, we collect and use the following data:
Username;
Visitor or User ID number;
Email;
IP address of your device;
Browser used by your device;
Content and URLs you connect to;
Session information.
In the event of access via mobile devices, the following log files are also captured as part of your use of the Vinted App:
Model and manufacturer of your mobile device;
Operating system used by your mobile device (iOS, Android, etc.).
This data is used for security purposes, especially the prevention of cyberattacks such as data scraping, denial of service and distributed denial of service attacks, and for preventing multiple impermissible applications or extensions that could be used for malicious activity.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 3 months.
2.3.2. To help you avoid using a compromised password
If you decide to register using a password or later on decide to change your password, we will check it against a database of passwords compromised in previous data breaches that happened on other platforms and services. To enable this functionality, we take the password, hash it and then use the first 5 characters of the hash to Have I Been Pwned (
https://haveibeenpwned.com/
) to search in the compromised password database.
By performing this check, we can protect your account by confirming if you are using a password that is not known to be compromised.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use personal data for this purpose only for the duration necessary to perform the password check.
2.3.3. To let you reset your password
In case you forgot your password or decide to change it for other reasons and do not have access to your email, we may ask you to answer a few security questions to verify your identity. For this purpose, we will collect and use the following data:
Email address;
Date of birth;
Registration date;
Last transaction information.
Legal basis for such collection and use of your personal data is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.3.4. To verify your account in case of suspicious actions related to your account
If we detect actions on your account that Vinted considers suspicious, we will request you to perform a basic verification – confirm your email, Facebook or Google accounts. For the purpose of performing a basic verification, we will collect and use the following data:
Email address; or
Information received during Facebook or Google authentication (as described 2.1.2 above).
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.3.5. To carry out phone number verification and 2-step verification
When you decide to apply an additional layer of protection to your account and activate phone verification, we will use your phone number in order to enable this functionality. Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to offer our users additional measures to protect their account (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
You may also be requested to verify your phone in case of suspicious activities regarding your account. In that case, verification is mandatory and personal data collection and use is based on the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
When you verify your phone number, Vinted will collect and use your phone number for 2-step verification purposes.
Personal data for mandatory verification are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
In order to carry out phone number verification and 2-step verification, we use a service provider Vonage Holdings Corp. (USA) that enables us to send you verification messages or make verification calls to dictate verification code when you do not verify your phone number in 5 minutes. While this results in your data being shared outside the European Economic Area, the data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.3.6. To carry out payment source security check
As part of the security process, we request our members to provide verification of their payment source. In order to perform such security checks, Vinted collects and uses the following personal data:
Username;
When we perform a payment card security check - information contained in a photo of the payment card: full name, card’s expiry date and the last four digits of the card number, other information visible on the front of the card if the member chooses not to cover it;
When we perform a bank account security check - information contained in a photo/screenshot of the bank statement listing the most recent charge/charges: date and description of the last Vinted charge, other payment information if the member chooses not to blur out other information.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 4 days after the security check is passed.
2.3.7. To carry out PayPal account security check
As part of the security process, we request our members to verify the ownership of their PayPal accounts when there was no actual charge. As part of this process, Vinted collects and uses the following data:
Username;
Registration email address;
Information in the screenshot(s) of PayPal profile: account holder’s full name, address and other visible data.
As part of the security process, we also request our members that use PayPal to verify the ownership of their PayPal accounts. As part of this process, Vinted collects and uses the following data:
Username;
Registration email address;
Information in the screenshot(s) of the expanded statement of the most recent Vinted order: date, amount, the account holder’s full name, shipping address and other visible data.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 4 days after the security check is passed.
2.3.8. To ensure that listings comply with our Authenticity Policy
For some listings, we collect and use the following data in order to ensure that such listings comply with our
Authenticity Policy
:
Information provided in the listing (see 2.1.5 above);
Information on the item’s authenticity: photos of e.g. the receipt, certificate, tag, logo, pattern, stitches, original packaging, date code, authenticity code or any other relevant information that would showcase the authenticity of the item.
Legal basis for such collection and use of your personal data is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and our members from eventual counterfeit (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We can share photos of listings and other proofs of authenticity without your personal data with brand owners in order to check some items.
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 2 years when it is necessary to solve a dispute between our users.
2.3.9. To carry out account ownership check
As part of the security process, we may request our members to verify the ownership of their Vinted account. To confirm your identity, we will need one of the following proofs:
A photo/screenshot of your bank statement showing your recent Vinted charge/charges;
A photo/screenshot of Paypal expanded statement of the most recent Vinted order (date, full amount, shipping address and account holder’s name should be visible);
A proof of address: it can be a no more than 3 months old household utility bill showing your name and current address (e.g., gas, electric, water, fixed line telephone but not a mobile phone bill), or a photo/screenshot of your bank statement where your billing address is visible;
A photo of your payment card you used for your purchases on Vinted (the photo needs to showcase the cardholder’s full name, last 4 digits, expiration date, bank name, card type, as well as a handwritten note with your username and current date).
Legal basis for such collection and use of your personal data is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 3 days from the receipt of the proof.
2.3.10. To enable you to report inappropriate behaviour or content
If you choose to report inappropriate message, forum activity, member, item, spam or spoof mail,
or submit an
Intellectual Property Infringement Report,
we will collect and use the following data for the purpose of ensuring the security of the Platform and its members:
Reported content;
Reporting reason;
Information provided in the report;
Date and time of your report.
Legal basis for such collection and use of your personal data is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure the safety of their accounts on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose
for 14 months from the receipt of your report.
2.3.11. To report suicidal posts
In exceptional cases, where we notice suicidal posts on our platform, we may report them to the police. In such cases we will collect and use and disclose the following data for the purpose of reporting suicidal posts:
Username;
E-mail address
Full name;
IP addresses and last logins;
Telephone number (if verified);
Print screen/link of forum post or thread where the declaration of suicide appears.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the protection of your vital interests (Art. 6 (1)(d) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose
for 7 months after we inform you about our decision regarding the removal of the reported content
2.4. To supervise compliance with and enforce GTC
Vinted actively supervises compliance with and enforce GTC for the purpose of ensuring the security of your account and the Platform.
2.4.1. To calculate trust score
In order to ensure the security of the Platform and its members, Vinted gives each member a "trust score" calculated using an algorithm, and maintains a database of unlawful activities typically performed by bad actors.
The "trust score" indicates the likelihood of misuse of the Platform.
Our algorithm takes into account members’ comments on a forum, messages to other members, items listed on the platform, transactions, reports on the member by other members, the member's profile and contact information, the member's violations of our GTC, IP addresses, and browser fingerprints, other content the member provides us with.
When evaluation of the member reaches certain thresholds, Vinted can trigger a verification procedure (the member is asked to verify his/her telephone number, email, Facebook or Google accounts) or restrict the usage of the Platform.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.4.2. To identify and prevent malicious accounts and activities
In order to ensure the security of the Platform and its members, Vinted collects and maintains a database of keywords indicating malicious accounts and activities. This database may contain emails, certain words or phrases found in messages, and other relevant data. By matching members’ activity against the keywords in the database, we can identify and prevent bad actors more effectively.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
The database entries containing personal data are retained for 13 months.
2.4.3. To enforce spam filtering
In order to protect our members and the Platform, we use spam filtering tools. These tools have a list of keywords that are commonly associated with spam. If your messages include aforementioned keywords, they are stopped by the aforementioned tools and reviewed manually before being sent to other members.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.4.4. To moderate your activity on the Platform
In order to ensure the security of the Platform and its members we regularly moderate your activity on the Platform. We may check your listings automatically or we may check your listings, comments, messages when we receive other members’ or third party’s reports.
If you communicate with another Vinted member via private messages and either you or another member sends us a report or escalates a transaction, we collect and use information contained in your communication to check for a potential violation of our GTC.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.4.5. To issue and enforce warnings
If you as a member violate our GTC or take other actions that result in a warning being issued to you, we collect and use the following data to issue and enforce the warning:
Username;
Kind of warning received by member;
Date of warning received by member.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.4.6. To delete or hide content that is illegal or violates our GTC
If you upload content (listed items, profile description, messages, etc.) on our Platform that is illegal or violates our GTC, we will remove or hide the same. However, we will retain the deleted content as proof of the violation.
Legal basis for such collection and use is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR); or if this is necessary in order to comply with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR)
Deleted content is kept for 7 months from the decision regarding the removal.
2.4.7. To detect and lock compromised accounts
In order to protect our members and the Platform, we regularly check for suspicious activities to detect compromised accounts. In case we determine that your account may be compromised or we receive your request, we may lock your account.
Legal basis for such collection and use of your personal data is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
If your account is locked and then unlocked, we retain your data for 2 years after unlocking your account. If your account remains permanently locked, we retain your data for this purpose for 5 years after your last activity on the Platform.
2.4.8. To suspend members
If you send too many messages in a short period of time, you may get suspended for 1 to 6 hours. For this purpose, Vinted collects and uses the time and duration of the suspension.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.4.9. To block members' accounts and enforce blocking
Depending on your usage of the Platform, and as explained in our GTC, your account may be blocked, either temporarily or permanently.
Vinted might use fully automated tools for such blocking of an account when it comes to ensuring the integrity of the Platform and the provision of safe services. Such automation is needed for Vinted to manage the security on the Platform efficiently and avoid harm to other members.
The data categories used for making the decision are as follows:
Registration data;
Your activity on the Platform;
Session information;
Information provided in the listings;
Communication data;
Your settings and preferences.
We establish profiles of harmful users such as scammers, sellers listing counterfeited items, users cheating our shipping services, based on criteria identified by Vinted, notably as a result of reporting on harmful users. The automated tools automatically detect harmful profiles which leads to a decision to block the respective accounts. Vinted uses means to ensure a high precision rate and accuracy of its automated blocking system, including manual reviews. The effects of blocking are described in our GTC.
Legal basis for such collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for making the decision on the blocking of your account until the deletion of your Vinted account.
When your account is blocked, we collect and use the following data to enforce blocking:
Your account data;
Data related to the blocking of your account, e.g. reason, date, and time of the blocking.
Legal basis to enforce blocking is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR). We collect and use your personal data for the duration of blocking, i.e. up to 14 days or 7 months from the moment you have been blocked.
2.4.10. To enforce IP blocks
If there are signs of cyber-attacks or other risks to the Platform’s security coming from your IP address, we will collect and use your IP address in order to protect the platform by blocking your IP address.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 3 months.
2.4.11. To restrict the fraudulent use of payment instruments
If there are signs of any fraudulent activity with your payment instrument (e.g. credit/debit card), we will collect and use your payment instrument and transaction data to protect the Platform by restricting the usage of your payment instrument.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to protect the Platform and its users and ensure its security and the legitimate interest of our members to ensure their safety on the Platform (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for the duration of the restrictions applied.
2.4.12. To verify suspected minor account ownership
As the Platform is not intended for use by persons who are under 18 years of age (GTC), their parents/guardians can submit a report stating that an account belongs to a minor and request that we block said account.
For this purpose, a parent/guardian needs to provide the following information:
Parent’s/guardian’s full name;
Account holder’s (who is, presumably, a minor) username, full name, and age; and
Proof of parental authority (that is, identical surname or authority to represent the minor in a particular contractual relationship).
Once received, we will reach out to the account holder and ask for proof of identity and age. We will then check whether this data matches the information provided by a parent/guardian.
Copies of the following documents may serve as proof of identity for the purposes of verifying whether the account holder is a minor:
Identity or residence card;
Passport;
Driving license;
Student ID card;
Social health insurance card;
Public transport pass; or
Bank statement.
You may redact other personal information within the documents that is not necessary for age verification purposes (e.g. ID number, photo, address, etc.).
Legal basis for the collection and use of data of a parent/guardian is our legitimate interest to verify suspected minor account ownership and to ensure compliance with our GTC (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Legal basis for the collection and use of data of the account holder is the performance of a contract (compliance with our GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 2 years. The copies of uploaded documents are deleted within 3 days of receipt.
2.5. To enable your payments for items
Payments on the Platform are carried out via payment service providers that provide payment processing and escrow services.
Most of your personal data is required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR). Part of your data is required to fulfill our or our payment service providers’ legal obligations when you are a member of our Platform (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR). In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we or our payment service providers will not be able to comply with legal requirements and we will not be able to provide our services.
This data is also used for the improvement of the Platform in order to make it a better experience for our members (see 2.2.12).
2.5.1. To allow you to make a purchase or add a payment card for payment purposes
When you add a payment card or purchase an item or our extra services via the Platform, we collect and use the following data for the purpose of allowing you to make payments:
Full name;
First six and last four digits of your payment card number;
Expiration date.
When you add a payment card or purchase an item or our extra services via the Platform, relevant payment service provider (please see 2.5.3 below) receives the following data:
Payment card holder’s full name;
Payment card number;
Expiration date;
Security code (CVV/CVC) number.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (compliance with our GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
If you agree, we will store your bank card details for future use.
Legal basis for such collection and use is your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.5.2. To allow you to add a bank account for withdrawal purposes
When you add a bank account for withdrawal purposes, we collect and use the following data for the purpose of allowing you to withdraw money:
Account holder’s full name;
Account number;
Address.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (compliance with our GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.5.3. To enable you to pay and receive payments on our Platform
If you opt to pay a seller or for extra services by payment card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay or other payment method integrated on the Platform, or if you use other services on the Platform for which a charge is made, the transaction in question will be collected and used via electronic payment system, MANGOPAY (see our GTC), which is operated by MANGOPAY S.A. (Luxembourg) ("MANGOPAY"). To use MANGOPAY, you will need to provide the following information, which will be transferred to MANGOPAY:
Full name;
Invoice address.
If you use the MANGOPAY electronic payment system, MANGOPAY will collect the payment information required according to the payment method selected (e.g. credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay or other). Payment will then be implemented via MANGOPAY and the payment scheme owner or facilitator of the payment method you have selected. To this extent, the data protection rules of MANGOPAY and the payment scheme owner or facilitator of the payment method you have selected will apply. For more information on payment procedure, see Article 7 of our GTC.
If you use a payment card as your payment method, Vinted will see only the card holder’s full name, the first six and last four digits of your payment card number and expiration date. This information will be used by us for payment confirmation and security purposes.
If you buy an item from a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for collection of personal data necessary to enable a Pro User to identify transactions and transfer of such data to a Pro User. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
Additionally, if you are a seller on Vinted and you want to receive payments from buyers through the above electronic payment system for the purchase of your products, you will have to create an e-wallet with MANGOPAY (referred to on the Platform as a "Vinted Balance"). For this, you will have to provide the following data:
Account holder's full name;
Nationality;
Date of birth;
Billing address.
For the purpose of setting up a wallet and using the MANGOPAY electronic payment system, MANGOPAY acts as your data controller. You can find out more about how MANGOPAY collects and uses your data by consulting the privacy policy of MANGOPAY, accessible at the following address:
www.mangopay.com/privacy-statement
.
To the extent that Vinted collects and uses your data, the legal basis for doing so is the performance of a contract (compliance with our GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide this personal data, we will not be able to execute a contract (GTC) with you.
We collect and use your personal data until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.5.4 To enable donations
When you make a donation via our Platform, we collect and use the following data for the purpose of allowing you to make the donation:
Amount donated;
Date and time of donation;
Name of the organization receiving the donation.
Legal basis for such collection and use is our legitimate interest to bring value to our members by empowering them to support their causes (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.5.5. To implement Know Your Customer (KYC) checks on our Platform
Whenever you reach the KYC thresholds which are set by MANGOPAY, MANGOPAY will request you to provide a copy of your passport, ID card or driver’s license, including the provisional license. In that case, we will enable MANGOPAY to collect from you the following data in order to allow MANGOPAY as a payment service provider to perform a safety check (so-called Know Your Customer, KYC):
Full name;
Date of birth;
Country;
Address;
Information present on the provided document (exact list depends on the document provided): document number, picture, gender, nationality, date of issue, date of expiry, place of birth, personal code, signature, other information on a particular document;
Full name of organizational or business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Date of birth of organizational or business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Address of organizational or business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Identity document of organizational or business representative (only when you are a Pro User);
Business address (only when you are a Pro User);
Registration proof (only when you are a Pro User);
Article of association (only when you are a Pro User).
For the purpose of carrying out KYC checks, MANGOPAY acts as your data controller. You can find out more about how MANGOPAY collects and uses your data by consulting the privacy policy of MANGOPAY, accessible at the following address:
www.mangopay.com/privacy-statement
.
Vinted has implemented MANGOPAY’s API – a technical measure that allows you to submit a copy of your document and other data to MANGOPAY without leaving the platform. All document copies go straight to our payment provider MANGOPAY without being saved on Vinted's systems.
This is necessary in order to fulfill our legitimate interest to provide MANGOPAY with the necessary information for them to comply with the legal obligations to which MANGOPAY is subject (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
2.5.6. To carry out Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) checks on our Platform
In rare cases, additional information may be required in order to continue using Vinted. When you have a lot of transactions on our Platform, we may be required by our payment provider MANGOPAY to carry out further checks as part of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing measures. In that case, we collect and use the following personal data provided in a declaration regarding Politically Exposed Persons (PEP):
Full name;
Date and place of birth;
Country of residence;
Address;
Phone number;
Email address;
The function held and country where the function is held;
Origin of the funds used on the Platform or destination of the funds;
Information related to relatives that are PEP – connection to the PEP, full names, dates and places of birth;
Current job;
Date;
Signature.
This is necessary in order to fulfill our legitimate interest to provide MANGOPAY with the necessary information for them to comply with the legal obligations to which MANGOPAY is subject (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for the aforementioned purpose are kept until this information is transferred to our payment service provider MANGOPAY.
For the purpose of carrying out PEP checks, MANGOPAY acts as your data controller. You can find out more about how MANGOPAY collects and uses your data by consulting the privacy policy of MANGOPAY, accessible at the following address:
www.mangopay.com/privacy-statement
.
2.5.7. To issue refunds
If an item that you purchase is never shipped, arrives damaged or not as described and you issue a claim, we collect and use the data used to make a purchase (see 2.5.1 above) for the purpose of issuing a refund.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
Transaction data are kept for 13 months from the day of the transaction.
2.5.8. To transfer your information to a Pro User
If you buy an item from a Pro User, we collect and transfer your email address to a Pro User directly to fulfill their obligation to issue an invoice to you.
This is necessary in order to fulfill our legitimate interest to provide Pro User with the necessary information for them to comply with the legal obligation (to issue an invoice) to which Pro User is subject (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for the collection of personal data and the transfer of such data to a Pro User. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
2.5.9. To keep financial records
If you participate in purchase-sale and/or other transactions when using the Platform, Vinted will collect and use the following data in order to carry out its accounting-related duties:
Full name;
Username;
Address;
VAT identification number (where applicable);
Bank account number;
IP address;
Invoice data;
Payment information;
Compensations;
Chargebacks;
Shipping information.
This is necessary in order to comply with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
Financial regulations require us to keep accounting documents that confirm the transactions for 10 years. The data used to determine the location of transactions is kept for 4 years.
2.6. To enable shipment of items purchased on the Platform
Vinted strives to make the shipping of items purchased on the Platform as smooth and convenient as possible by offering shipping methods on the Platform.
Most of your personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
This data is also used for the improvement of the Platform in order to make it a better experience for our members (see 2.2.12).
2.6.1. To enable you to ship or receive items
If you choose to enter your shipping information or when you buy or sell items, we collect and use the following data that you provide for dispatch and shipping purposes:
Full name;
Country;
City;
Address;
Postal code;
Telephone number;
E-mail address;
Signature;
Address of the drop off point of the parcel;
Tracking the number of the parcel;
Confirmation of delivery of the parcel;
Other shipping information required by a particular shipping service provider.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
If you buy an item from a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Vinted is responsible for the collection of personal data and the transfer of such data to a Pro User or, in case of integrated shipping providers used, transfer of such data to the shipping service provider. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
We provide personal data collected and used for this purpose to the following recipients:
Seller of the item;
If we are unable to gather tracking information directly from a particular shipping provider, we use a tracking service provider AfterShip Limited (Hong Kong, China). Personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission;
If the shipping provider integrates its shipping services with Vinted, we also provide the aforementioned data to your chosen shipping service provider (read more:
https://shipping.vinted.com/privacy-policy
).
Otherwise, it is up to the seller to follow the instructions and provide your data to the shipping provider.
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 6 months.
2.6.2. To track your parcel
When you buy or sell items on the Platform, we collect and use the following data for shipment tracking purposes:
Date and time of delivery of the parcel;
Tracking the number of the parcel;
Address;
Location of the parcel.
If we are unable to gather tracking information directly from a particular shipping provider, we provide the aforementioned information to a tracking service provider AfterShip Limited (Hong Kong, China). Personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 6 months.
2.7. To carry out marketing activities
Vinted seeks to involve our members in marketing campaigns and it benefits our members. At the same time, we wish to present you with marketing material that is both relevant and engaging.
2.7.1. To send you marketing emails
You can register for our newsletter and for other marketing emails ("Marketing Emails"). When you register, we will ask you for your permission to use your email address for the purposes of sending you Marketing Emails containing the latest information on our products and services, especially with regard to goods available on the Platform, special offers and marketing campaigns. If you do not give your consent when registering, you can at any time change your mind and agree to receive Marketing Emails by adjusting the settings on your Vinted account.
We base such collection and use on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR, Art. 81(1) of Lithuanian Law on Electronic Communications).
Your permission for the sending of Marketing Emails can be given and withdrawn by you at any time with future effect. In your Vinted account, you can adjust your settings to choose what emails you wish to receive or disable the sending of any further Marketing Emails. Alternatively, you can click "Unregister" at the end of the Marketing Email. Withdrawal of permission will not affect the lawfulness of the collection and use carried out prior to the withdrawal of permission.
In order to send Marketing Emails, Vinted uses service provider Braze, Inc. (USA) which is established outside the European Economic Area. In this case the personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.7.2. To personalize marketing communications
To show you more relevant marketing messages and ads on our Platform, we may personalize them using the data provided during registration (see above under 2.1.1, 2.1.2, and 2.1.3), as well as data related to your Vinted account (see 2.2), your activity on our forum (see 2.1.10), your log files (see 2.3.1 above) and other means (see 2.7.7).
To personalize marketing messages to you, we use service provider Braze, Inc. (USA) which is established outside the European Economic Area. In this case, the personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
We may also use your personal data to display personalized Vinted ads on third-party platforms such as Google, YouTube, Instagram, or Facebook. For this purpose, we may share your email address, phone number, IP address, and Facebook ID with Meta, Inc. (USA) and your email address with Google, Inc. (USA). In this case, the personal data is protected by the third-party platforms entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
We base such collection and use on our legitimate interest to present you with marketing messages and ads that we consider relevant to you (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.7.3. To contact you for publicity and/or earning opportunities
If you register on the Platform, we may contact you via the Platform’s messaging system to offer you to share your content (e.g. pictures) on our social media profiles, or to participate in our marketing campaigns, or to have your details shared with the press, or for other publicity and/or earning opportunities. This is done in order to ensure that only members who give their consent would be featured on our social media profiles or provided with other publicity and/or earning opportunities.
We base such collection and use on our legitimate interest to increase the publicity of you and Vinted and/or provide you with earning possibilities (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
If you consent, we may check your profile information to ensure that only members who have a good reputation (i.e. comply with the GTC) are offered publicity and/or earning opportunities by us. The collection and use of your personal data for this purpose will be based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of GDPR).
If you consent to participate in publicity and/or earning opportunities offered by us, the further collection and use of your personal data will be based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
If you sign a contract with Vinted related to the publicity and/or earning opportunity, the collection and use of your personal data will be based on a contract between Vinted and you (Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
Messages themselves are deleted after 12 months.
2.7.4. To conduct advertisement campaigns involving you
If you consent to participate in our advertisement campaigns, we will use your telephone number to contact you with a proposal to participate in our advertisement campaign and give you more details about the project.
If you sign a contract with Vinted related to the advertising campaign, we will collect and use the following data for the purpose of completing and performing a contract between you and Vinted:
Full name;
Date of birth;
Nationality;
Information about your business certificate or individual business activity.
If you provide your address and room photos we will use them to arrive at your place and film the advertisement. If you give your consent, we may also use your name, age, city or story to include them in advertising campaigns.
We base your invitation to participate in our advertisement campaigns on our legitimate interest to increase the publicity of you and Vinted (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR). If you agree, your participation in our advertisement campaign will be based on a contract between Vinted and you (Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
This data may be transferred to our partners (advertising agencies, directors) that are responsible for implementing the advertisement campaign.
Personal data for your participation in our advertisement campaign are required to perform a contract with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract with you.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.7.5. To feature your items in marketing campaigns
If you don’t choose to opt-out, we may use the data of your uploaded items (such as photos, titles, descriptions, and categories), along with any other content you create on the platform, to help you sell your items and/or to promote Vinted. This may include showcasing your content across various online platforms (such as banners, and articles on third-party websites), social media (like Facebook, Instagram, etc.), and other channels. You can stop our use of your content in marketing campaigns at any time by opting out of this in your account Privacy settings.
We base such collection and use on our legitimate interest to increase the visibility of your items and/or Vinted (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
To showcase your content on the mentioned channels, we share your data with relevant recipients such as advertising service providers, social media operators, etc.
Sometimes this may result in your data being transferred outside the European Economic Area. In these cases, the personal data is protected by the data recipients entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data or following
adequacy decisions
, both approved by the European Commission.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account. If you choose to opt-out, we’ll stop using your data for this purpose once you make that decision.
2.7.6. To allow you to see personalized advertisements
Upon your consent, Vinted will allow advertising service partners to collect your IP address and/or mobile device identifier, and place their cookies on your devices and then use the data to personalize advertisements presented to you. This means that, with your consent, you will receive advertisements based on your interests and your activity on the Platform. Namely, advertising service partners will collect and use the following data:
IP address of the connection;
Mobile Device ID;
Advertising ID;
Information on websites browsed by the visitor - list of pages and products viewed, clicked, put in a basket or bought the Platform;
URL of the pages viewed by the visitor (“referrer”), URL of the previous page viewed by the visitor;
Technical information related to the browser, device type and operating system version of the visitor (“user-agent”);
Timestamp (date, time);
Information about the possible relationships among different browsers and devices;
Other information collected by a particular advertisement services provider.
Legal basis to perform this is Art. 61(4) of Lithuanian Law on Electronic Communications. To the extent it involves personal data, we base such collection and use on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
You can, at any time, choose not to receive personalized marketing and advertisements by changing relevant settings on the Platform. Withdrawal of permission will not affect the lawfulness of the collection and use carried out prior to the withdrawal of permission.
To enable our service providers to show you personalized advertisements, your data is used by partners which provide personalized advertisement services.
Information for this purpose is collected by advertising service partners and not stored by Vinted.
2.7.7. To evaluate the efficiency of promotional campaigns
When you use the Platform, Vinted analyzes its marketing activities and how you use the Platform (when you register, login, create a listing, sell or purchase something, upload an item’s photo, open our App, register or install the app, etc.) for the purpose of evaluating the efficiency of promotional campaigns, and to better comprehend the behavior of visitors after they have looked at a certain ad and visited our Platform or downloaded our App.
We base such collection and use on our legitimate business interest to evaluate the efficiency of our promotional campaigns in order to improve them (Art. 6 (1)(f) of the GDPR).
In order to carry out the aforementioned evaluating, Vinted provides your data to service providers which provide evaluation of efficiency of promotional campaigns services.
Our service provider Braze, Inc. (USA) is established outside the European Economic Area. In this case the personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
In order to optimize our advertising campaigns, we send certain information on your activities like app opens, sessions, registrations, logins, information about you listing an item, uploading an item’s photo or buying an item, etc. to Google and Facebook advertising platforms. Thus, we transfer the data of your activities to the following recipients:
Meta Platforms, Inc. (USA). Personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission;
Google LLC (USA). Personal data is protected by the service provider entering into the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.7.8. To manage our social media profiles
If you are interested in our activity and follow our profiles on social media, we collect and use the following data about you in order to manage our social networking sites:
Full name;
E-mail address;
Gender;
Country;
Picture;
Message;
Time and date the message was received;
Content of the message;
Message attachments;
Response to the message;
Time of response to the message;
Information about our rating;
Comments on a post;
Post shares;
Information about post reactions.
We base such collection and use on our legitimate interest to manage our social media profiles (Art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
In order to manage our social media accounts, we receive and provide data to social media platform operators.
The following social media platform operators are established outside the European Economic Area, which may result in your data being transferred outside the European Economic Area. In these cases the personal data is protected by the operators entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission:
LinkedIn Corporation (USA);
Google LLC (USA);
Meta Platforms, Inc. (USA).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept as long as you are registered on a specific social media network.
Joint Controllership with Facebook („page insights”)
Vinted operates a so-called fan page on the social media platform of Facebook. Vinted operates a so-called fan page on the social media platform of Facebook. Facebook and Vinted are only jointly responsible for the processing of so-called "insights data" (Art. 26 (1) sentence 1 of the GDPR) insofar as this data is used for the creation of so-called "page insights" and only for the data collection phases from Vinted's fan page until its transmission to Facebook. For other data processing, Vinted and Facebook are separately responsible for data processing.
Within the scope of their joint controllership, Vinted and Facebook have entered into an agreement (so-called "
page insights controller addendum
"). The agreement covers the data processing that is collected and used in connection with a visit or interaction with our fan page, but only to the extent that this data is also (subsequently) processed for "page insights". "Page insights" includes analysis services that help us to better understand interactions on our site. In this context, we do not receive any personal data from Facebook, but only an anonymous evaluation and illustration. Facebook provides more information on this on its
help page for "page insights"
. The
information about data for "page insights"
explains how "insights data" is collected and used to create "page insights". This includes the following actions:
Views and interactions with a page, post, video, story, or other content associated with a page;
Subscribing or unsubscribing to a page;
Reactions to a page or a contribution (e.g. "like"; recommendation, share, comment, subscribe, etc.);
Hiding a page contribution or report it as spam;
Moving the mouse over a link to a page or the name or profile picture of a page to see a preview of the page contents;
Clicks on the website, phone number, "route planning" button or any other button on a page;
Views of an event of a page, reactions to an event (including the type of reaction), clicks on a link for event tickets;
Starting a messenger conversation with the page;
Views or clicks on articles in a website shop;
IP address as well as other information that is available on your end device in the form of cookies.
The processing of the data of the visitors of our fan page serves the purpose of providing the page as well as the statistical evaluation of the use of our page. This evaluation is made anonymous for Vinted. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interests in the processing of personal data when visiting the site and the creation of the "site insights" consist of presenting the company and the Platform and, for example, contacting members and interested parties and providing information about products and promotions, as well as the collection of data for the creation of anonymous evaluations and illustrations about the use of our fan page.
If you wish to exercise your rights regarding your data (see bullet point 6. below), it would certainly be more effective for you to contact Facebook directly. If you still need help in exercising your rights, you can contact us. In accordance with our agreement, Facebook assumes primary responsibility for fulfilling the obligations for the joint processing of "insights data". This includes fulfilling the following rights:
The right to access (Art. 15 of the GDPR);
The right to ratification (Art. 17 of the GDPR);
The right to restrict processing (Art. 18 of the GDPR);
The right to data portability (Art. 20 of the GDPR); and
The right of objection (Art. 21 of the GDPR).
Facebook provides more details on how to exercise these rights in the
"page insights data" information
.
Joint Controllership with LinkedIn
Vinted operates a so-called company page on the social media platform of LinkedIn. LinkedIn and Vinted are only jointly responsible (Art. 26 (1) sentence 1 of the GDPR) for the processing of so-called "insights data" which enables us to receive anonymized statistics and insights about the ways visitors interact with our page. For other data processing, Vinted and LinkedIn are separately responsible for data processing.
Within the scope of the joint controllership, Vinted and LinkedIn have entered into an agreement (so-called "Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum") in which the data protection duties are allocated between LinkedIn and Vinted. The agreement stipulates the following:
LinkedIn is responsible for enabling you to exercise your rights pursuant to the GDPR. In order to do so, you can contact LinkedIn online via
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/ask/PPQ
or via the contact details in the data protection guidelines. You can contact the Data Protection Officer of LinkedIn Ireland via the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/ask/TSO-DPO
. You can also reach out to us via the contact details mentioned below for the exercise of your rights relating to the processing of your personal data for insights. In such a case, we will forward your request to LinkedIn.
LinkedIn and we have agreed that the Irish data protection commission shall be the responsible supervisory authority monitoring the processing for insights. You always have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish data protection commission (see
www.dataprotection.ie
) or any other supervisory authority.
The processing of the data of the visitors of our LinkedIn company page serves the purpose of providing the page as well as the statistical evaluation of the use of our page. This evaluation is made anonymous for Vinted (LinkedIn does not share personal data with us by providing us with the insights, we only have access to a summarized version of the insights; also, we are unable to make conclusions about individual members from the information in the insights). The legal basis for your personal data processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interests in the processing of personal data when visiting the site and the creation of the "insights" consist of presenting the company and the Platform and, for example, contacting members and interested parties and providing information about products and promotions, as well as the collection of data for the creation of anonymous evaluations and illustrations about the use of our company page.
2.7.9. To enable you to participate in Vinted’s referrals program
If you refer one or more friends to Vinted’s Platform, you can earn Vinted shopping vouchers. We will collect and use the following data for the purpose of enabling you to participate in Vinted’s referrals program and to provide you with Vinted shopping voucher:
Your member name;
Your referral link;
Your invited member profile data;
Date and time of the registration of your invited member;
Number of items uploaded of your invited member;
Date and time of items uploaded;
Information on the successful sale of listed items of your invited member;
Shopping voucher;
Amount of shopping voucher;
Expiration of shopping voucher.
Legal basis for the collection and use of data is the performance of a contract (GTC) to which you are a party (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to perform a contract (GTC) with you. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to conclude and execute a contract (GTC) with you.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose until the deactivation of your Vinted account or for 5 years of inactivity on your account.
2.8. For legal purposes
2.8.1. To handle your requests related to personal data
If you use your statutory rights regarding your data (see 6 below), we will collect and use the data contained in your request in addition to any other personal data held by Vinted for the purpose of examining the request, responding to it and, when necessary, taking necessary action.
In order to respond to requests, Vinted provides your data to service partners who consult us on questions of data protection law.
If you interact with a Pro User, your personal data for this purpose will be data processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User. Both Vinted and a Pro User are responsible for collecting personal data and transferring data to the other party and processing all other data necessary to resolve issues at all phases. Please see section 4 of this Privacy Policy for more information on joint controllership.
This is necessary in order to comply with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 3 years from the day we respond to your request.
2.8.2. To provide information to law enforcement and other state institutions
If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you are involved in illegal activities or if we receive an order from a public authority regarding this (e.g. requiring us to remove illegal content posted by you), we will collect and use the data that is necessary in order to notify the law enforcement and other state institutions, or to execute the order.
Vinted also provides the aforementioned data to law enforcement and other state institutions when we receive requests for information in relation to investigations carried out by these institutions.
This is necessary in order to comply with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
Personal data are required to fulfill our legal obligations when you are a member of our Platform. In case you do not provide us with this personal data, we will not be able to comply with legal requirements.
We collect and use your personal data for this purpose for as long as it is necessary for the ongoing administrative or judicial proceedings, but no longer than 3 years from the last response to the competent authority (except for those cases where the retention period is specified by the authority).
2.8.3.To report your earnings and taxpayer information
If you reach a certain amount of sales or earnings, we are obliged to collect and report your earnings and taxpayer information to HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC). This is a legal requirement under the Platform Operators (Due Diligence and Reporting Requirements) Regulations 2023.
For more information, please read our
Help Center
.
If this applies to you, we will collect and use the following data for reporting purposes:
1. Full name;
2. Primary address;
3. National Insurance Number (NINo);
4. Date of birth;
5. Residence country for taxpaying purposes;
6. Sales revenue per year;
7. Number of transactions completed per year; and
8. Financial account identifiers (e.g. bank account information).
Additionally, if you are a seller, we may also be requested by the tax authority to collect certain data (such as a copy of your ID card/passport and/or tax residency certificate) in order to verify that the information we have provided to the authority is correct.
This is necessary in order to comply with the legal obligations to which Vinted is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 5 years fro the end of the reporting period to which it relates.
2.8.4.To defend our rights against chargebacks
If you have transactions via our payment service providers, we will collect and use your personal data held by Vinted to the extent necessary to resolve a particular situation.
We base such collection and use of your personal data on a legitimate interest to defend our rights in case a chargeback procedure is initiated against Vinted (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 13 months from the last transaction.
2.8.5. To defend the rights and interests of Vinted
If you get involved in a dispute with Vinted or we need to carry out enforcement of our GTC or otherwise defend, enforce, exercise and uphold our rights, we will collect and use all of your personal data held by Vinted to the extent necessary to resolve a particular situation.
We base such collection and use on a legitimate interest to defend the rights and interests of Vinted (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Personal data collected and used for this purpose are kept for 5 years after we identify the need to defend our specific rights and interests, and, in the case of a dispute, until the final execution of the binding decision of the authorised body.
3. Recipients of personal data
Vinted transfers or shares personal data with service providers only insofar as necessary and allowed in accordance with applicable laws. Service providers to which your personal data are transferred or shared with for specific purposes are described under 2 above. In addition, we appoint the following service providers that, as a result, receive personal data as recipients of data.
We constantly conduct and improve technical maintenance of the Platform to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data we process and to perform certain business-related functions that help make our services available and functional. For this reason, we transfer your profile data to service providers which provide cloud and hosting services, IT security, maintenance and technical services, communications services.
The following service providers are established outside the European Economic Area, which may result in your data being transferred outside the European Economic Area. In these cases the personal data is protected by the service providers entering into the
EU standard contractual clauses
for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission:
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (USA);
Google LLC (USA);
Apple Inc. (USA);
Microsoft Corporation (USA);
Slack Technologies, Inc. (USA);
BlackLine Systems, Inc. (USA);
Chronicle, LLC (USA);
True Partners Consulting, LLC (USA);
Arcaris, Inc. (USA);
Havas Edge, Inc. (USA);
Cloudflare, Inc. (USA).
We transfer personal data to attorneys, attorney assistants, notaries, bailiffs, auditors, accountants, bookkeepers, debt collectors, consultants, translation agencies, IT service providers, insurance companies, archiving services that provide services to Vinted.
Additionally, we share data within the Vinted group. Data processed within the Vinted group are transferred to Vinted, UAB (Lithuania) insofar as necessary for the management of Vinted group.
Vinted is statutorily obligated to provide personal and/or usage data to investigative, criminal prosecution or supervisory authorities if and insofar as required for the avoidance of risk to the public and for the prosecution of criminal acts.
Vinted may share your data with third parties when transferring rights and obligations pertaining to the contractual relationship between you and Vinted to such third parties in accordance with the GTC (available via the link
https://www.vinted.co.uk/terms_and_conditions
), in particular in the case of the transfer of a sector of activity, a merger through the foundation of a new company, a merger through absorption, de-merger or any change in control affecting Vinted. Prior to such an event, Vinted will inform you separately about the details of sharing your data and will obtain your consent where legally necessary.
4. What should you know when you interact with a Pro User?
Joint Controllership of Vinted and Pro User – Essence of the Arrangement
Within sections 2.1.6, 2.1.7, 2.1.8, 2.1.9, 2.1.15, 2.5.3, 2.5.8, 2.6.1, 2.8.1 your personal data for this purpose will be processed jointly between Vinted and Pro User, you are informed about VINTED and operators of commercial accounts (“Vinted Pro Users”) processing data as so-called “joint controllers”. This means that VINTED and Vinted Pro users are together responsible for fulfilling certain legal obligations when they process personal data as joint controllers. There is not a joint controllership for all data processing, but only for certain purposes and certain phases of processing that are explained further in the individual sections of this privacy policy (see 2.1.6, 2.1.7, 2.1.8, 2.1.9, 2.1.15, 2.5.3, 2.5.8, 2.6.1, 2.8.1).
Within this section, we would like to inform you about the essence of the arrangement on joint responsibilities that we entered into with Vinted Pro users, in accordance with Art. 26 (2) sentence 2 of the GDPR. Since there are two controllers, we want to explain to you who is responsible for what.
Contact Point for questions and exercising rights: In case of questions or when you want to exercise one of your data subject’s rights, you can contact the designated contact point (Art. 26 (1) sentence 3 GDPR) under the following email address: privacysupport@vinted.fr.
In general, VINTED and Vinted Pro users are both responsible for fulfilling legal obligations under the GDPR. Notwithstanding that, VINTED and Vinted Pro users agreed to certain responsibilities that apply when we act as joint controllers. VINTED is responsible for:
serving as a contact point (Art. 26 (1) sentence 3 GDPR) for you;
handling the communication centralized with you regarding data subject’s rights (Art. 15 GDPR, Art. 16 GDPR, Art. 17 GDPR, Art. 18 GDPR, Art. 20 GDPR);
providing you information about the data processing (Art. 13 GDPR and Art. 14 GDPR);
informing you about our essence of the arrangement (Art. 26 (2) sentence 2 GDPR), which we are doing within this section;
informing you about data breaches associated with high risks to your rights and freedoms (Art. 34 (1) GDPR), in case such a data breach occurs.
All other responsibilities under the GDPR are fulfilled both by VINTED and Vinted Pro users. Those other duties do mostly not involve you as a data subject directly, but rather general obligations of joint controllers such as maintaining security measures and keeping a record of processing activities. For data processing out of scope of the joint controllership, both VINTED and Vinted Pro users are independently and separately responsible and the information provided in this section does not apply.
5. Use of cookies
Vinted uses cookies and similar technologies on the Platform. You can find out more by visiting our
Cookie Policy
.
6. Right of amendment
As we are constantly developing our services, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time subject to the applicable regulations. Any changes will be published promptly on this page. Regardless of the aforementioned, you should check this page regularly for any updates.
7. Your statutory rights regarding your personal data
7.1. What rights do you have?
Subject to conditions, limitations, and exceptions established by statutory data protection provisions, you have the right at any time:
to be informed of the data we collect and use and to request access or demand a copy of the data concerned (right to access). All the data that you have actively provided for us on the Platform (2.1, 2.5, and 2.6) can also be accessed by you at any time in your Vinted account;
to demand the correction of inaccurate data and, subject to the nature of the collection and use, the completion of incomplete data (right to rectification). All the data that you have actively provided us with on the Platform (2.1, 2.5, and 2.6) can also be amended by you yourself at any time in your Vinted account (except sent messages and any forum posts or reviews);
subject to just cause, to demand the deletion of your data (right to deletion);
to demand restriction of the collection and use of your data, provided the statutory criteria are met (right to restrict processing);
subject to the statutory criteria being met, to receive the data you have provided in a structured, current, and machine-readable form and to transfer this data to another data controller or, where technically feasible, to have it transferred by Vinted (right to data portability);
to object to the collection and use of data – only where the collection and use is based on a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested (Art. 6 (1)(e) of GDPR) or legitimate interest (Art. 6 (1)(f) of GDPR), including profiling, based on the same data collection and use grounds as explained in other sections of this statement (right to object). You also have the right to at any time object to the collection of your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
to withdraw at any time any permission you have provided to us. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the collection and use carried out prior to withdrawal and based on the permission granted. You can withdraw your permission for the sending of our newsletter by adjusting your Vinted account settings to block the sending of any further Marketing Emails. Alternatively, you can click "Unregister" at the end of the Marketing Email;
where a legal or similarly significant decision has been made about you in a fully automated way – to obtain human intervention on the part of Vinted, to express your point of view and to contest the decision;
not to receive discriminatory treatment while exercising your rights.
To exercise any of the rights specified in this section, you can contact Vinted and submit your request using the contact details (7 below). Regardless of any other legal remedy, you also have the right at any time to submit a complaint to the supervisory authorities.
7.2. How will we verify your request?
Your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person or an authorized representative of a person whose personal data we have collected (name, surname, your public profile URL, your e-mail, other information we may request for verification purposes), describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it, provide a confirmation under a penalty that you are the individual whose personal data is the subject of the request.
If your request is submitted by an authorized agent, a written permission and information that verifies the identity of the agent must be enclosed with the request.
We cannot provide you with the information or exercise your other right if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the information relating to you.
In order to verify your identity, we may request you to provide additional information about yourself. We will only use this information and information provided in the request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
8. Our contact details
If you have any queries regarding the collection and use of your data as part of your use of the Platform, or regarding your rights, please contact us at
privacysupport@vinted.co.uk
.
Vinted data protection officer:
Vinted, UAB
Svitrigailos st. 13
LT-03228 Vilnius
Republic of Lithuania
.
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.mangopay.com/privacy-statement:
Please select your region
EEA
Continue
Products
Wallet infrastructure
Alternative banking suite
Pay-in and Payout
Payments and payout suite
Risk management
Security & risk management suite
Wallet
Multi-currency wallet infrastructure for fully automated global money movements.
FX
Flexible FX infrastructure for global money movements and multi-currency payments.
Multi-currency accounts
Embedded balance accounts for payment operations and in-app wallet experiences
Use cases
Use cases
Unique use cases for growing beyond payments.
Product marketplaces
For platforms facilitating buyers and sellers of physical products.
On Demand
For platforms who need flexible payment flows to support instant experiences.
Financial Platforms
For financial platforms looking to expand their offering with white-label solutions.
Travel and Hospitality
For platforms facilitating travel, lodging, and tourism services.
Pricing
Documentation
More
About
Working at Mangopay
Support
Press and media
Blog
Contact sales
More
More
James McMath
·
Press
·
Oct 24, 2024
Mangopay wins Fraud & ID Verification accolade at Global FinTech Awards
Anna Birdsall-Strong
·
Press
·
Oct 24, 2024
Mirakl and Mangopay announce strategic partnership to accelerate...
Company
Company
About
Press and media
Blog
Support
Need help?
Contact
Ready to take action?
Contact sales
Log in
Products
Wallet
Payments
Payout
Identity
Fraud
FX
Multi-currency accounts
Virtual IBANs
Use cases
Product marketplaces
On Demand
Financial Platforms
Travel and Hospitality
Pricing
Documentation
More
About
Working at Mangopay
Support
Press and media
Blog
Privacy
Statement
Last updated
27/09/2024
Our privacy statement has been translated into multiple languages. You can find the languages available below. In case of a discrepancy, the English version prevails.
German
Spanish
French
⁠
1. Introduction
This privacy statement ("
Privacy Statement
") is designed to inform you about how Mangopay processes your Personal Data and to outline your rights as a data subject under applicable data protection laws, including Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016, also known as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
"
Personal Data
" refers to any information related to an identified or identifiable individual. An individual is considered identifiable if they can be directly or indirectly recognized through identifiers such as a name, identification number, location data, or one or more specific factors related to their physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity.
This Privacy Statement is issued on behalf of both Mangopay S.A. and Mangopay UK Limited. Mangopay S.A. and Mangopay UK Limited act as separate data controllers and are each responsible for their own processing activities carried out for the provisions of their services. Consequently, any references to "
Mangopay
," "
we
," or "
our
" pertain to the specific entity responsible for processing your Personal Data, as detailed in the "
Country specific information
" section. The information provided below applies to the processing activities of both Mangopay S.A. and Mangopay UK Limited and is further supplemented by the details outlined in the "
Country specific information
" section.
2. Does this Privacy Statement apply to you?
This Privacy Statement applies to you if you engage with Mangopay’s payment and electronic money services through online platforms (websites or mobile applications) (“
Platforms
”) operated by our partners (“
Partners
”). These Partners manage Platforms for various purposes, such as online sales, marketplaces, or participative funding (e.g., donation or crowdfunding). They have integrated Mangopay's payment solution to process transactions on their Platforms. Mangopay and the Partners operate as separate data controllers regarding the processing of Personal Data taking place to provide Mangopay’s payment and electronic money services.
When you register on these Platforms, you may be required to also register for Mangopay’s services, enabling you to transfer funds or receive payments related to transactions conducted on the Platforms. To deliver these payment or e-money services, Mangopay needs to process your Personal Data.
In this Privacy Statement, "
you
" refers to:
Natural persons
who register for Mangopay’s services or enter into a service agreement with Mangopay. This includes:
(i) Partners who are natural persons (e.g., sole traders who contract with Mangopay).
(ii) Individuals registered on the Partners’ Platforms, for whom we create Mangopay accounts to enable the receipt of funds (e.g., Platforms’ users).
Natural persons
acting as legal representatives, shareholders, beneficial owners, or contact persons employed by a Partner that is a legal entity. These individuals provide Personal Data (such as names, surnames, etc.) to facilitate the conclusion of service agreements and manage the relationship between Mangopay and the Partner.
Natural persons
who make payments on a Partner’s Platform without creating a Mangopay account or registering for our services.
Natural persons
who act as employees and representatives of platform operators being prospected by Mangopay (“
Business contacts
”).
3. What Personal Data is processed by Mangopay? How is it collected?
Depending on how you interact with Mangopay and which of our services you use, one of the following instances of Personal Data processing will apply to you.
For other instances of Personal Data processing, please refer to one of the sections below:
INFORMATION FOR PERSONS WHO REGISTERED FOR MANGOPAY’S SERVICES VIA A PARTNER’S PLATFORM
.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS  MAKING PAYMENTS ON PARTNER'S PLATFORM WITHOUT REGISTERING FOR MANGOPAY'S SERVICES.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS ACTING AS PARTNER’S LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, BUSINESS CONTACTS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS
.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS ACTING AS MANGOPAY'S BUSINESS CONTACTS.
INFORMATION FOR PARTNERS WHO ARE SOLE TRADERS (NATURAL PERSONS).
⁠3.1. INFORMATION FOR PERSONS WHO REGISTERED FOR MANGOPAY’S SERVICES VIA A PARTNER’S PLATFORM.
3.1.1. REGISTRATION DATA
Categories of data:
When you register for Mangopay’s services through a Partner’s Platform - such as when you subscribe to a Partner’s Platform to accept payment for the goods or services you offer - you will need to provide certain Personal Data. This Personal Data typically includes identification details such as your first and last name, date of birth, nationality, country of residence and email address. In some cases, you may also be asked to provide a copy of an official identity document or any additional documentation necessary to fulfill our legal obligations relating to Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”). As part of our KYC due diligence, we may perform a liveness check which requires you to provide a real-time selfie of yourself. To comply with strong customer authentication (“SCA”) obligations, Mangopay will collect your email address, phone number as well as some technical information about the session used for your registration (i.e., information related to your device, browser and network). Furthermore, if you are a U.S. taxpayer or have registered a U.S. bank account, you will be required to provide your Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) to ensure compliance with U.S. tax laws and regulations.
Purpose of processing:
Your personal data is processed to open your Mangopay account, facilitate the provision of our services and ensure compliance with our obligations as a regulated entity under AML/CFT laws and the Revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2). Additionally, we process your Personal Data to enhance security and prevent fraud.
Legal basis
: We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Contractual necessity
The processing of your Personal Data is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. This includes actions required to initiate and provide Mangopay services, such as verifying your identity during registration and other necessary pre-contractual steps.
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process certain categories of Personal Data, including copies of your identification documents, to comply with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Counter-Terrorism Financing (CFT) obligations. These legal requirements are integral to Mangopay’s responsibilities as a licensed institution.
Legitimate interest
⁠
Mangopay also processes your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest in preventing fraud and ensuring the security of our services. This is critical to maintaining the integrity and safety of our operations as we deliver services to you
Your Personal Data is collected directly through Mangopay’s API on the Partner’s Platform, which serves as the technical infrastructure for processing payments. Providing your Personal Data is mandatory for registering for our services. The specific categories of Personal Data required is clearly indicated on the registration forms available on the Partner’s Platform. If you choose not to provide the necessary Personal Data, it may result in the refusal or suspension of Mangopay’s services.
⁠3.1.2. PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROVISION OF SERVICES
Categories of data:
During your contractual relationship with Mangopay, we process Personal Data generated through your use of our services. This includes, but is not limited to:
Transactional data (e.g., amounts transferred, transaction descriptions, recipients);
Bank account information (e.g., details related to payments made to your external bank account through Mangopay).
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to deliver high-quality services, tailor offerings to your specific needs, and ensure security, including fraud prevention. Additionally, your data may be processed for statistical purposes to help improve and enhance the quality of Mangopay’s services.
Legal basis
: We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Contractual necessity
The processing of your Personal Data is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. This includes providing Mangopay services, particularly executing payments on your behalf.
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process your Personal Data for a specified period to comply with AML/CFT obligations, as well as other applicable payment services regulations (e.g., PSD2).
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Prevent fraud and ensure the security of the services;
Enhance the quality of the services through statistical analysis of your Personal Data;
Defend itself against legal claims and processing Personal Data in relation to any legal disputes, if applicable.
Your Personal Data is collected through your use of Mangopay’s services.
⁠
3.1.3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT DATA
Categories of data:
When you contact Mangopay’s support team for assistance, your Personal Data is processed to address your request. Typically, this includes identification data such as your first name, last name, email address, internal technical identifiers (e.g. user ID) and phone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the actions required by our support team, it may also encompass Personal Data relating to your use of our services. Additionally, we process the content of your messages and other communications sent to our support teams. Mangopay’s support team may record telephone conversations for training and quality control purposes. If you do not wish to be recorded, you may object to the recording by informing the agent you are speaking on the phone with.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to effectively respond to your support requests and other inquiries related to the provision of Mangopay’s services. This processing ensures that you can use our services without interruption and that the service quality remains consistently high.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Contractual necessity
The processing of your Personal Data is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you, particularly in ensuring that you receive high-quality services.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Address your customer support requests and other inquiries
Improve the quality of Mangopay’s services and enhance your customer service experience
Defend against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you when you contact us for support or other queries, or through our Partners. Providing this data is mandatory to allow us to respond to your requests and communicate with you effectively. Failure to provide the necessary Personal Data may prevent Mangopay from addressing your queries and assisting with troubleshooting.
⁠
3.2.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS MAKING PAYMENTS ON A PARTNER'S PLATFORM WITHOUT REGISTERING FOR MANGOPAY'S SERVICES
⁠Categories of data
: When you make a payment using a card or other payment method on a Partner’s Platform, you are required to provide certain Personal Data, such as your first and last name, card number, Card Validation Value (“CVV”) and expiration date. The specific categories of Personal Data processed may vary depending on the payment method available on the Platform.
Additionally, we collect transactional data as part of executing the payment order. We also gather certain technical data related to your device, electronic identifiers, IP address, and information about your interactions with the Partner’s Platform for security and fraud prevention purposes.
Purpose of processing
: Your Personal Data is processed for the purpose of executing your payment and preventing fraudulent transactions.
Legal basis
: We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is required to process your Personal Data for a specified period to comply with AML/CFT obligations.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Execute your payment
Resolve any issues that may arise with your payment
Enhance the quality of Mangopay’s services
Prevent fraud and ensure the security of our services
Defend itself against legal claims and managing related legal disputes, if applicable
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you. Providing this data is necessary, if you fail to provide the required information, we will be unable to process your payment.
3.3. INFORMATION FOR PERSONS ACTING AS PARTNER’S LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, BUSINESS CONTACTS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS
3.3.1. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED FOR CONCLUSION OF CONTRACT WITH MANGOPAY
Categories of Data
: To facilitate the execution of contracts with Mangopay, our Partners, acting as legal entities, must provide specific categories of Personal Data pertaining to their legal representatives and beneficial owners. This data typically includes, but is not limited to, names, surnames, tax identification details, addresses, countries of residence, copies of identification documents, and contact information. The exact list of required documents and Personal Data may vary depending on individual circumstances.
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to facilitate the conclusion of a contract for Mangopay’s services with the Partner. This process necessitates the verification of the identities of the Partner's legal representatives and ultimate beneficial owners.
Legal Basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process your Personal Data in order to verify your identity, in compliance with our Know-Your-Business (KYB) due diligence obligations.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Enable the conclusion of the contract,
Prevent fraud,
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable.
The provision of Personal Data is mandatory to enable the delivery of our services. Failure to provide the required Personal Data may prevent us from concluding a contract with you and, consequently, from providing Mangopay’s services to the Partner.
⁠3.3.2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED THROUGH MANGOPAY'S TECHNICAL INTERFACES
Categories of Data:
To oversee payment operations conducted through their platforms, Mangopay’s Partners are granted access to our HUB and Dashboard interfaces. These tools provide Partners with supervision and control over payment flows on their platforms. To grant you access to our HUB and Dashboard, it is necessary to process your Personal Data. This data is limited to identification details, such as your first and last name, email address, and may also include information about your job position. Additionally, Personal Data may be generated based on your use of Mangopay’s interfaces (e.g., logs, pages viewed, etc.).
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to ensure only authorized individuals have access to the HUB and Dashboard. It is also processed to enhance the user experience for Dashboard and HUB users by displaying contextual information, and to ensure the security of these interfaces.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Ensure the delivery of high-quality services to the Partner and monitor transactions on the Platform;
Prevent fraud and safeguard the security of our interfaces and services;
Defend itself against legal claims and any related legal disputes, if applicable.
Provision of Personal Data is mandatory in order to access our HUB and Dashboard. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data will prevent access to the interfaces.
⁠3.3.3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT DATA
Categories of data:
When you contact Mangopay’s support, the Partner’s Customer Success Manager (“CSM”) or any other team for assistance, your Personal Data is processed to address your request. The Personal Data processed includes identification details such as your first and last name, email address and phone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the required actions by Mangopay’s teams, additional Personal Data may be processed. Additionally, we process the content of your messages and other communications sent to our teams. Mangopay’s support team may record telephone conversations for training and quality control purposes. If you do not wish to be recorded, you may object to the recording by informing the agent you are speaking on the phone with. If you provide your consent, the Partner’s CSM also has the possibility of recording your meetings (i.e., voice and/or image).
When addressing your request, you may be interacting with an Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) technology which may provide you with an output to help answer your request. The reliance on an AI will be clearly indicated in the chatbot and you will always have the possibility of choosing to interact with one of Mangopay agents instead.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to effectively respond to the Partner’s support requests and other inquiries related to the provision of Mangopay’s services. This processing ensures that you can use our services without interruption and that the service quality remains consistently high.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Address your customer support requests and other inquiries
Improve the quality of Mangopay’s services and enhance your customer service experience
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable
Consent
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, when you contact us with customer support and other queries. Except for the recording of your meeting with your CSM which requires your consent, providing your Personal Data is mandatory in order to enable responding to your queries and contacting you. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data may result in Mangopay’s inability to respond to your queries and help with troubleshooting.
⁠3.3.4. MARKETING DATA
Categories of data:
We may reach out to business contacts acting on behalf of the Partner, in order to inform them about the new services we offer and about improvements in our services. For that purpose we can process, among others, your contact details, such as your first and last name, job position, email address and/or phone number. If you provide your consent, the Partner’s CSM also has the possibility of recording your meetings (i.e., voice and/or image).
Purpose of the processing:
Provide you with information about our services.
Legal basis:
Mangopay processes your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Upsell its services, if relevant to the Partner’s scope of business;
enhance the quality of its services and of the customer service experience.
Consent
⁠
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, on a voluntary basis. In case you refuse to provide the required Personal Data, we will not contact you for marketing purposes.
3.4. INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS ACTING AS MANGOPAY'S BUSINESS CONTACTS.
We conduct multiple marketing activities concurrently and jointly manage our website to effectively address your inquiries and provide information about our services. Due to this centralized approach, Mangopay SA and Mangopay UK Limited act as joint controllers regarding the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes. Consequently, the responsibilities of both companies for complying with data protection obligations have been mutually established as follows:
Mangopay SA is responsible for:
A. collecting consent for processing of personal data for future marketing and for communication with business contacts on behalf of both joint controllers;
B. fulfilling information obligation on behalf of both joint controllers;
C. ensuring the legality of any data transfer outside the EEA, should the joint controllers decide to entrust the processing to an entity based in a third country;
D. concluding data processing agreements when the personal data is entrusted to processors for hosting purposes;
E. acting as a common point of contact for you.
All the other obligations remain with each individual company as a data controller.
⁠3.4.1. DIRECT MARKETING DATA
Categories of data:
In order to carry out direct marketing campaigns, we collect your Personal Data, such as your first and last name, the company you work for, your corporate email address and/or phone number, your job position, any information visible on your LinkedIn profile and CV. Your Personal Data is either obtained via databases provided by our service providers for this effect or following your participation at an event for which Mangopay participates, either as a sponsor or as a visitor.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed in order for our Sales agent to contact you by email and present you with our services.
Legal basis:
Mangopay processes your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing activities of its own services.
⁠3.4.2. RESPONDING TO YOUR CONTACT REQUEST
Categories of data:
In case you contact Mangopay directly through the dedicated form on our website or by reaching out to one of our Sales agent through another means of communication, we will process your Personal Data, such as your first name and last ,ame, the company you work for, your corporate email address and/or phone number, as well as any personal data you might include in the form or message.
Purpose of the processing:
We process your Personal Data in order to respond to your query. Provided you consent to the recording, meetings with our Sales agents may be recorded for training and operational efficiency purposes.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
We
rely on our legitimate interest in direct marketing of our own services by responding to your contact request.
Consent
The recording of meetings between you and our Sales agents is based on your consent.
Provision of your Personal Data is voluntary, but if you don’t provide us with your basic contact details (name, surname and either phone number or email address), we will not be able to respond to your query.
⁠3.4.3. CONTACT THROUGH A MARKETPLACE SOLUTION PROVIDER
Our services may be promoted by marketplace software solutions providers with whom Mangopay has partnered. If you are in contact with one of these marketplace software solutions, the latter may communicate your Personal Data to Mangopay, whether you have expressed interest in our services or not.
Categories of data:
The following categories of personal data may be shared between Mangopay and the marketplace solution provider: your first name and last name, the company you work for, your corporate email address and/or phone number, your job position.
Purpose of the processing:
We process your personal data in order to contact you to evaluate whether our services are suitable to your needs in light of the integration you are pursuing with the marketplace software solution provider with whom Mangopay has partnered.
Legal basis:
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interest to promote our services which may be tailored for your integration with a marketplace solution provider Mangopay has partnered with.
⁠3.5. INFORMATION FOR PARTNERS WHO ARE SOLE TRADERS (NATURAL PERSONS).
⁠3.5.1. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED FOR CONCLUSION OF CONTRACT WITH MANGOPAY
Categories of data:
To conclude a contract with Mangopay, our Partners who are natural persons must provide certain identification data. This includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, tax identification information, residence information, copies of identification documents and contact details. The categories of Personal Data requested may vary depending on circumstances.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed for the purpose of concluding the contract for provision of Mangopay’s services with you which requires the verification of your identity.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process your Personal Data in order to verify your identity, in compliance with Know-Your-Customer (KYC) due diligence obligations.
Contractual necessity
⁠
The processing is necessary for us to start the provision of Mangopay’s services to you, as well as registering for Mangopay’s services which requires verification of your identity etc.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Enable the conclusion of the contract;
Prevent fraud;
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable.
The provision of Personal Data is mandatory to enable the delivery of our services. Failure to provide the required Personal Data may prevent us from concluding a contract with you and, consequently, from providing Mangopay’s services to the Partner.
3.5.2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED THROUGH MANGOPAY'S TECHNICAL INTERFACES
Categories of Data:
To oversee payment operations conducted through their platforms, Mangopay’s Partners are granted access to our HUB and Dashboard interfaces. These tools provide Partners with supervision and control over payment flows on their platforms. To grant you access to our HUB and Dashboard, it is necessary to process your Personal Data. This data is limited to identification details, such as your first and last name, email address, and may also include information about your job position. Additionally, Personal Data may be generated based on your use of Mangopay’s interfaces (e.g., logs, pages viewed, etc.).
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to ensure only authorized individuals have access to the HUB and Dashboard. It is also processed to enhance the user experience for Dashboard and HUB users by displaying contextual information, and to ensure the security of these interfaces.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Ensure the delivery of high-quality services to the Partner and monitor transactions on the Platform.
Prevent fraud and safeguard the security of our interfaces and services.
Defend itself against legal claims and any related legal disputes, if applicable.
Provision of Personal Data is mandatory in order to access our HUB and Dashboard. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data will prevent access to the interfaces.
⁠3.5.3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT DATA
Categories of data:
When you contact Mangopay’s support or any other team for assistance, your Personal Data is processed to address your request. The Personal Data processed includes identification details such as your first and last name, email address and phone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the required actions by Mangopay’s teams, additional Personal Data may be processed. Additionally, we process the content of your messages and other communications sent to our teams. Mangopay’s support team may record telephone conversations for training and quality control purposes. If you do not wish to be recorded, you may object to the recording by informing the agent you are speaking on the phone with.
When addressing your request, you may be interacting with an Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) technology which may provide you with an output to help answer your request. The reliance on an AI will be clearly indicated in the chatbot and you will always have the possibility of choosing to interact with one of Mangopay agents instead.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to effectively respond to the Partner’s support requests and other inquiries related to the provision of Mangopay’s services. This processing ensures that you can use our services without interruption and that the service quality remains consistently high.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Address your customer support requests and other inquiries
Improve the quality of Mangopay’s services and enhance your customer service experience
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable
Consent
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, when you contact us with customer support and other queries. Except for the recording of your meeting with your CSM which requires your consent, providing your Personal Data is mandatory in order to enable responding to your queries and contacting you. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data may result in Mangopay’s inability to respond to your queries and help with troubleshooting.
3.5.4. MARKETING DATA
Categories of data:
We may reach out to business contacts acting on behalf of the Partner, in order to inform them about the new services we offer and about improvements in our services. For that purpose we can process, among others, your contact details, such as your first and last name, job position, email address and/or phone number. If you provide your consent, the Partner’s CSM also has the possibility of recording your meetings (i.e., voice and/or image).
Purpose of the processing:
Provide you with information about our services.
Legal basis:
Mangopay processes your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
⁠
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Upsell its services, if relevant to the Partner’s scope of business;
enhance the quality of its services and of the customer service experience.
Consent
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, on a voluntary basis. In case you refuse to provide the required Personal Data, we will not contact you for marketing purposes.
4. Profiling and automated decision-making
To prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing, Mangopay uses profiling, which means we automatically process your Personal Data to assess certain aspects related to you. This includes technical information about your device, system preferences, and how you interact with our services.
In some cases, this automated processing may lead to decisions made without human involvement, such as temporarily blocking a payment, delaying a payout, or limiting access to your account if we detect suspicious activity.
These decisions are usually temporary and are not intended to have a significant impact on your legal rights or produce serious consequences for you. However, decisions to block a transaction can produce legal effects or similarly significantly affect you, depending on individual circumstances, but are necessary to ensure transaction security, and prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing, in accordance with Mangopay’s legal obligations. It’s a critical part of the services we provide to keep your payments secure.
The legal grounds for profiling are:
The performance and execution of our agreement with you
Mangopay’s legitimate interest in ensuring security and preventing fraud
If you are not satisfied with an automated decision or want more information, you can contact us at the email addresses specified in the “Country Specific Information” section to request a human intervention or to contest the decision.
5. How long is your Personal Data kept?
Mangopay will only keep your Personal Data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it is processed. The applicable retention periods are generally determined by legal obligations.
AML/CFT compliance:
Personal Data provided for AML/CFT purposes, including identification documents and transaction details, are retained from five (5) to ten (10) years, starting from the end of the contractual relationship with Mangopay.
Disputes and support communications:
Personal Data needed to manage disputes and communications with our support team will be retained for five (5) years.
Phone calls and meetings recordings:
Phone calls recordings made for training and quality control purposes are kept for six (6) months. Recording of meetings with our CSM or Sales agents are kept for one (1) year.
Marketing purposes:
Personal Data used for marketing purposes, based on our legitimate interest, will be processed throughout our relationship with the Partner and fro up to three (3) years after the last contact with the Partner
Log data:
Personal Data stored in logs will be kept for six (6) months
Accounting data:
Personal Data necessary for accounting will be retained for ten (10 ) years from the end of the relevant accounting period.
6. Where is your Personal Data stored?
We store your Personal Data on cloud servers located in Ireland (Dublin) and Germany (Frankfurt).
Sometimes, we may need to transfer your Personal Data to companies outside the EU/EEA that help us provide our services. When we do this, we make sure your Personal Data is protected by using valid safeguards such as the European Commission’s adequacy decisions or Standard Contractual Clauses..
7. Who receives your Personal Data? Is it shared with third parties?
As part of our services, your Personal Data may be shared with:
⁠⁠⁠7.1. Affiliates
We share your Personal Data with Mangopay’s affiliated companies to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement.
⁠7.2 Competent authorities
We may need to disclose your Personal Data to legal authorities, such as courts and financial regulators. Before sharing, our legal team reviews each request to ensure it is legitimate.
⁠7.3 Processors
We work with selected service providers to deliver part of our services. These providers are bound by strict contractual obligations to only process your Personal Data as instructed by Mangopay. For instance, Mangopay uses service providers specialized in AML/CFT and KYC verifications, such as Onfido LTD.
⁠7.4 Payment partners
We collaborate with payment partners to process transactions and protect your funds. These partners act independently and only receive the data necessary to complete the transaction. The legal basis for sharing your Personal Data with these partners is either the performance of our contract with you or our legitimate interest in ensuring proper payment processing.
8. What are your rights regarding your Personal Data?
8.1 Right of access
You have the right to know what Personal Data we hold about you and how it is being processed. We’ll provide this information electronically unless you request a different format, which we’ll try to accommodate.
⁠8.2 Right of rectification
If your Personal Data is incorrect or incomplete, you can ask us to correct or update it.
⁠8.3 Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
You can ask us to delete your Personal Data if:⁠
It is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected;
It was processed illegally;
You withdraw your consent (if consent was the legal basis for the processing);
You object to the processing based on your specific situation, and there are no overriding interest for Mangopay to continue the processing;
You object to its use for direct marketing;
We are legally required to erase it.
However, your request may be denied if we need to keep your Personal Data to exercise our right to freedom of expression and information, defend legal claims, or comply with legal obligations, such as for AML/CFT purposes.
⁠
⁠8.4 Right to restrict processing
You can ask us to limit how your Personal Data is processed if:
You contest its accuracy;
The processing is unlawful but you prefer restriction over deletion;
We no longer need your Personal Data but you need it to establish or defend legal claims;
You objected to our processing based on our legitimate interest and we are still reviewing your request.
In case restriction is implemented, we’ll inform you before it is lifted.
⁠
8.5 Right to object to processing
You can object to our processing of your Personal Data if it is based on our legitimate interests, unless we can demonstrate compelling reasons to continue the processing. You can also object to the use of your Personal Data for direct marketing at any time.
⁠8.6 Right to data portability
If our processing is based on your consent or a contract, and is done via automated means, you have the right to receive your Personal Data in a machine-readable format and request its transfer to another controller, if technically possible.
8.7 Right to withdraw your consent
If our processing is carried out on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the legality of prior processing.
⁠8.8 How to exercise your rights?
Please consult the “
Country specific information
” section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to exercise your rights with Mangopay.
9. How is your Personal Data secured?
We use various security measures, including encryption and pseudonymization, to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, loss or alteration.
10. Country specific information
European Union/European Economic Area (EU/EEA)
If you are using the services of one of our EU/EEA-based Partners, the following additional information applies:
Mangopay S.A. is the data controller responsible for processing your Personal Data in connection with its payment or e-money services. Mangopay S.A. is a company registered in Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2 Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg.
Personal Data collected and processed under Mangopay S.A.'s AML/CFT obligations will be retained for ten (10) years, starting from the end of your contractual relationship with Mangopay S.A.
To exercise your data rights, you can contact either Mangopay's Partner or Mangopay S.A. directly at:
dpo.mangopay@mangopay.com
.
If you believe your rights have been violated in relation to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to file a complaint with the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données (CNPD) at any time. You can submit a complaint form
here
.
United Kingdom (UK)
If you are using the services of one of our UK-based Partners, the following additional information applies:
Mangopay UK Limited is the data controller responsible for processing your Personal Data in connection with its payment or e-money services. Mangopay UK Limited is registered in the UK, with its registered office at The Smiths Building, 179 Great Portland St, London W1W 5PL, UK. It is also registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under registration number ZB710243.
Personal Data collected and processed under Mangopay UK Limited’s AML/CFT obligations will be retained for five (5) years, starting from the end of your contractual relationship with Mangopay UK Limited.
To exercise your data rights, you can contact either Mangopay's Partner or Mangopay UK Limited directly at:
uk.dpo.mangopay@mangopay.com
.
If you believe your rights have been violated in relation to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can submit a complaint form
here
.
11. Changes to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated to reflect changes in our practices, business model or legal requirements. The latest version will always be available on our website, with the date of the last update clearly indicated.
Sub-policy 1
https://shipping.vinted.com/privacy-policy:
