Navigation Menu
Index
Privacy Policy & Notices
Services are provided as-is, and are subject to change or discontinuation at any time 
without notice or compensation. No warranties or guarantees are expressed or implied.
Like many apps, this app may transmit data to our servers and/or other servers and networks,
in order to provide certain features and functionality. We respect your privacy and have 
made much of this opt-in, or otherwise require specific action from the user, where deemed
practical. Some Internet-based services may be used automatically, which can provide a more 
optimal flow or user experience.
Live Telemetry Streaming
When you enter the "Live Telemetry" setup screen in the app, our servers will be contacted 
to create an account for you to use. If you then also choose to enable this feature, your 
telemetry data will be sent to our servers whenever you are actively recording a session, so 
that it may be viewed on Live.RaceRender.com. This data includes precise location, speed, 
heading, vehicle data, technical device information, and other information. Historical data 
may also be retained. For additional information on this service, see 
the
Notices on Live.RaceRender.com
HP Tuners Devices
When you connect an HP Tuners device, such as an MPVI2, this app may connect to related 
Internet servers for the purpose of product activation, updating its licensing and other 
data, and/or other services. This may be required for it to function. For additional 
information and terms, refer to the End User License Agreement (EULA) of the VCM Suite 
software and your HP Tuners device.
Session Data Files
This app offers several methods where you may choose to share your session data with other 
people or devices, such as WiFi transfer and sharing via e-mail or other apps. Your data files
and videos may also be accessible to other apps, via USB connection, etc. Be advised that 
files from this app can contain precise recorded locations, speeds, headings, vehicle data, 
technical information, and other information.
Vehicle Survey Data
If you choose to participate in the Vehicle Survey, vehicle and device information will 
automatically be sent to our servers. This is a voluntary opt-in program that can help us better 
understand and support the vehicles and devices that are used with our products. It consists 
primarily of data obtained via an OBD-II interface, similar to data that is commonly collected 
by service departments and emissions testing stations. This includes vehicle identification, 
vehicle controller information, device model name and operating system, and other data. We 
may utilize our own proprietary techniques and know-how in this process, and any data obtained 
shall be ours to utilize as we see fit.
Third Party Services and Networks
Features in this app that involve map graphics and/or data, in-app purchases, app review links, 
etc., may utilize services that are outside of our control. This includes, but is not limited to:
Google Maps, Apple Maps, Google Play, and the Apple App Store. Refer the the terms and privacy 
policies of those services for more information.
Additionally, all of the aforementioned features and services will utilize internet service 
providers, other third party networks, services, etc., that may be outside of our control and may 
not be private communications. It may be possible for others to identify you from these connections
and the data transmitted.
Copyright and Notices