Apps
Reviews
Father of 10 and 6
by RamkiHome
Easy way to entertain and challenge the kids and some times helps the adults to focus and regain some attention span. Simple and cool interface. I had this in my windows mobile and glad they have it in iPhone.
Loving making my own!
by cfecho
So much fun! I'm sending these to everyone in my phone!
Worth it
by COB Masters
This app is absolutely amazing. It has intuative controls and runs smoothly. Worth 3 dollars and is the best fractal app out there.
Amazing!!!
by Kana557
This app is the best food app ever. It has never froze on me and it is so informational. It helps my fiance and I keep healthy and buy the right foods.
Brilliant
by ptvgabby
Love this app, cute design and all.
Wonderful!
by Firesoul453
It's like having a simple wolfram alpha you can use offline!
Unsurpassed
by UERD
This is by far the best calculator (if you can call it that) app on the iTunes app store (as of the beginning of 2009)- it has a featureset comparable to that of an advanced graphing calculator, like a TI-89, but with the benefit of a touch-screen interface and full-color graphics (which are especially nice for 3D plotting). SpaceTime also performs both numeric and symbolic algebra and calculus (including some advanced functions) and supports scripting. If you've used software like Maple or Mathematica, SpaceTime works in a similar function- not quite as feature-rich, but far more than you might expect from a handheld device.
Really fun!!!
by Li3303
A great game!  Copy the color pattern in the sample circle by turning the rings.  There's one black empty space. You push the arc you want to move onto into the empty space then turn the rings to reposition it.  It's like one of those number 15 puzzle games only with a circle, arcs and pretty colors.
Awesome!!!
by llikeadodachacha
Does just about everything my TI-84 Plus but quicker and much easier to manipulate the graphs. It loads instantly and the 3D function is awesome for higher level math classes (I'm in Calc 3 now and it's already come in hand!)
Welcome to Pomegranate Apps
I want a better calculator
I like to play puzzle games
I want to eat healthy
I need to practice math
I like the outdoors
What's New
Fatal error
:  Cannot use object of type stdClass as array in
/srv/users/serverpilot/apps/pomegranateapps/public/index.php
on line
20