Info
Imprint
Privacy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://imprint.emo-media.de/index.php?a=d&lg=en&bid=de.guentherbruns.muffinsspringengfree&d=:
Back
Privacy
Privacy Policy
1. An overview of data protection
General
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our App. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
Data collection on our App
Who is responsible for the data collection on this App?
The data collected on this App are processed by the App operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the App's required legal notice.
How do we collect your data?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Please note that we do not store any of your content that you manage in your app. Our apps may load some content (photos, text, etc.) from the internet, but the way you use the content will not be stored on our server. All your personal content will be stored in a local database, your photo folder, or a directory on your device. We do not store any personal information about you.
Many of our apps refinance themselves through advertising. Should the app contain advertising, then further data will be stored by our external advertising provider. We have paid particular attention to selecting only advertisers who have committed to comply with the European Data Protection Regulation in their privacy policies. Further explanations, which advertisers are in detail, follow in the lower part.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the App. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
Analytics and third-party tools
When visiting our App, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this App take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this App, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this App
The party responsible for processing data on this App is:
eins zum anderen Media Verlag GmbH
Albert-Reiß-Str. 2h
DE-76456 Kuppenheim
GF Dr. Mario Günther-Bruns
Telephone: +49 7222 934028
Email: info@eins-zum-anderen.de
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Encrypted payments on this App
If you enter into a contract which requires you to send us your payment information (e.g. account number for direct debits), we will require this data to process your payment.
Payment transactions using common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) are only made via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon in your browser line is visible.
In the case of encrypted communication, any payment details you submit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
3. Data collection on our App
Data transferred when signing up for services and digital content
We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract with us, for example, to banks entrusted to process your payments.
Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
4. Analytics and advertising
Google Analytics
This App uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the App by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this App is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The App operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its App and its advertising.
IP anonymization
We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this App. Your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this App to evaluate your use of the App, to compile reports on App activity, and to provide other services regarding App activity and Internet usage for the App operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google.
Objecting to the collection of data
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Outsourced data processing
We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Demographic data collection by Google Analytics
This App uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Refusal of data collection".
Google AdSense/AdMob
This App uses Google AdSense/AdMob, a service for including advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google uses a technology, that enable an analysis of the way you use the App. Based on theses informations, Google deliveres advertisements to the app.
Google infortations are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The App operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its App and its advertising.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
AppLovin
This App uses AppLovin, a service for including advertisements from the AppLovin network. It is operated by AppLovin Corporation, 640 2nd St, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States.
AppLovin uses a technology, that enable an analysis of the way you use the App. Based on theses informations, AppLovin deliveres advertisements to the app.
AppLovin infortations are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The App operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its App and its advertising.
For more information about how AppLovin handles user data, see AppLovin's privacy policy: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
5. Online marketing and affiliate programs
Amazon affiliate program
The site operators participating in the Amazon EU partner program. Our pages contain advertisements and links to the sites run by amazon.de through which we can earn referral fees. Amazon uses cookies to trace the origin of the orders. As a result, Amazon can detect that you clicked the affiliate link on our App.
The storage of Amazon cookies is based on Art. 6 (f) DSGVO. The App operator has a legitimate interest in this service since it only receives credit for referral fees if these cookies are set.
To obtain more information about how Amazon uses your data, see the Amazon privacy policy at https://www.amazon.de/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=3312401.