한국어
English
Privacy Policy
Manastone know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you.
1. agreement of Privacy Policy
If you do not agree this policy,please do not use any Manastone site or mobile product or service.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy.
2. The purpose of the collection of personal information
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service
- Creation of a personal profile and allow users to play our games
- Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts
- identify and suggest connections with other Manastone users
- Operate and improve our Service
- Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service
- Customer support and/or technical service requests
- send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and - administrative messages
- Newsletter subscriptions, referral services, and other marketing surveys and email campaigns
- Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions and communicate with other users
- Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services
3. How We Collect Your data
Likely situations when you make personal data available to Manastone include:
- by using manastone's mobile apps or visiting our websites.
- registration for Services, contests and special events.
- accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services.
- subscribing to newsletters.
- purchasing a product or services through Manastone's online stores or within the app (or "in-app purchase")
- using "tell a friend," "email this page," or other similar features
- requesting technical support
- otherwise through use of Manastone Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The data we process on you may include, but is not limited to email address, device ID, IP-address, user names and passwords.
Manastone may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services.
4. Information Collection and Use
Manastone collects information as described below.  Manastone's primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.  We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
In order to use your community forum, you must register and provide a username, password and email address.
(1)iOS and Android Platforms률
When you use any of the Manastone games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application.  We will not share this information with any third party.  If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level.  Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (Country specific).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service.  This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Manatone games you are playing.
(2)   Manatone's Sites
While you are browsing Manastone's Sites, your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically.  We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Service.  In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.  We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you services.  We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with Manastone Sites and notify you about company news and promotions.  Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions.  Your mail address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you.  If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us at help@manastone.com.
(3)  Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You can log in to our site using sign-in services ("SNS Service") such as Facebook Connect, Apple's Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
We may collect and record information through the SNS Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SNS Service.  The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SNS Service may include:
your name
your SNS Service user identification number and/or user name
locale, city, state and country
sex
birth date
email address
profile picture or its URL, and
the SNS Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Manastone's games.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Google+ about you, please contact us at help@manastone.com.
(4)  Invite a Friend
Manastone may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SNS Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Manastone games and/or you can invite them to join you in Manstone games.  Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.  You or the third party may contact us at help@manastone.com to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent Manstone stores any of this information.
(5)  Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Manastone games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at help@manastone.com.
(6) Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
(7) Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.  This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.  This data is stored within Amazon Web Services.
(8)  Other Collection
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Service. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you.  Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify winners and award prizes, to monitor traffic or personalize the Service.  We may use a third party service provider to conduct these sweepstakes or contests; that company is prohibited from using your users' personal information for any other purpose.
5. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer and/or device, to identify a user's computer/device and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password.  Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use.  
You have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, some parts of our Services may not work properly.
6. Ad Networks
You may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service.  In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
Other companies which place advertising on our Website, Games and/or Applications may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information.
This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology. 
You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
7. Management of Personal Information
Manastone does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below.
(1) Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at help@manastone.com.  We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
(2) Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at help@manastone.com.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
(3) Security
Manastone takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.  Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining access to this information.  We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
8. Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at help@manastone.com.
9. Questions about your privacy
Please contact us via mail or email at the following addresses:
- Support url: www.manstone.com
- Manastone Inc.
Yeoksam-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea