The Southern Star respects your right to privacy. We do not collect or store personal information when you visit our website, southernstar.ie.
We may update our Cookie & Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect any changes in technology or legislation, or our data-usage policies. Please check the ‘Last updated’ legend at the bottom of this page to see when this policy was last revised.
We value your opinions. Should you have any questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please contact us at
digital@southernstar.ie
Introduction
This notice describes how we collect, store, transfer and use personal data. It tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
In the context of the law and this notice, ‘personal data’ is information that clearly identifies you as an individual or which could be used to identify you if combined with other information. Acting in any way on personal data is referred to as ‘processing’.
This notice applies to personal data collected through our website and through social media platforms and online subscription platforms, including [Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Mailchimp, southernstar.ie].
We do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
If you have any questions about how we process your personal data, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact  digital@southernstar.ie
Personal data we process
1. How we obtain personal data
The information we process about you includes information:
• you have directly provided to us
• that we gather from third party databases and service providers
• as a result of monitoring how you use our website or our services
2. Types of personal data we collect directly
When you use our website, or subscribe/register with us, [for example, when you create an account on our website,] we ask you to provide personal data. This can be categorised into the following groups:
• personal identifiers, such as your first and last names, your title and your date of birth
• contact information, such as your email address, your telephone number and your postal addresses for billing, delivery and communication
• account information, including your username and password
• payment information, such as a debit or credit card number and expiry date and bank account details
• records of communication between us including messages sent through our website, email messages and telephone conversations
• marketing preferences that tell us what types of marketing you would like to receive
• information that confirms your contact information
• reviews and feedback about your business on other websites through which you sell your services
• unsolicited complaints by other users
3. Types of personal data we collect from your use of our services
By using our website we may process:
• your username and password and other information used to access our website and our services
• information you contribute to our community, including social media comments
• your replies to polls and surveys
• technical information about the hardware and the software you use to access our website and use our services, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version and your device’s operating system
• usage information, including the frequency you use our services, the pages of our website that you visit, whether you receive messages from us and whether you reply to those messages
• transaction information that includes the details of the products services you have bought from us and payments made to us for those services
• your preferences to receive marketing from us; how you wish to communicate with us; and responses and actions in relation to your use of our services.
4. Our use of aggregated information
We may aggregate anonymous information such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Anonymous information is that which does not identify you as an individual. Aggregated information may be derived from your personal data but is not considered as such in law because it does not reveal your identity.
For example, we may aggregate usage information to assess whether a feature of our website is useful.
However, if we combine or connect aggregated information with your personal data so that it can identify you in any way, we treat the combined information as personal data, and it will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
5. Special personal data
Special personal data is data about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data.
It also includes information about criminal convictions and offences.
We do not collect any special personal data about you.
6. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you create an account on our website or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us.
In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal data.
We may use it in order to:
• verify your identity for security purposes when you use our services
• sell products to you
• provide you with our services
• provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.
7. Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our business, including our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal data.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, we ask you to agree to our use of non-essential cookies when you access our website.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us via digital@southernstar.ie.
We aim to obtain and keep your consent to process your information. However, while we take your consent into account in decisions about whether or not to process your personal data, the withdrawal of your consent does not necessarily prevent us from continuing to process it. The law may allow us to continue to process your personal data, provided that there is another basis on which we may do so. For example, we may have a legal obligation to do so.
8. Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interests
We may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest, either to you or to us, of doing so.
Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to:
• whether the same objective could be achieved through other means
• whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm
• whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do so
For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:
• improving our services
• record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration of our business
• responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a response
• preventing fraudulent use of our services
• exercising our legal rights, including to detect and prevent fraud and to protect our intellectual property
• insuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to manage business risk
• protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so
9. Information we process because we have a legal obligation
Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal data.
10. Information we process to protect vital interests
In situations where processing personal information is necessary to protect someone’s life, where consent is unable to be given and where other lawful bases are not appropriate, we may process personal information on the basis of vital interests.
For example, we may inform relevant organisations if we have a safeguarding concern about a vulnerable person.
How and when we process your personal data
11. Your personal data is not shared
We do not share or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website unless your purchase a subscription via Tollbridge (Square1 Software Ltd)
https://platform.tollbridge.co/privacy
'
12. Information you provide
Our website allows you to post information with a view to that information being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people.
For example, when you leave a review or post a message on our website or social media pages, we reasonably assume that you consent for the message to be seen by others.
Other examples include:
• tagging an image
• clicking on an icon next to another visitor’s message to convey your agreement, disagreement or thanks
In posting personal data, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use it.
We do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be displayed or shared.
Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no responsibility for their actions at any time.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete personal data that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at digital@southernstar.ie
13. Payment information
At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of Stripe. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.
14. Information obtained from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal data to any third party (except if you register or purchase a subscription via Tollbridge (Square1 Software Ltd)
https://platform.tollbridge.co/privacy
), we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal data from third parties whose services we use.
No such information is personally identifiable to you.
15. Third party advertising on our website
Third parties may advertise on our website. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects information about you when their advertisement is displayed on our website.
They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts.
We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
16. Service providers and business partners
We may share your personal data with businesses that provide services to us, or with business partners.
As examples:
• we may pass your payment information to our payment service provider to take payments from you
• we may use fraud prevention agencies and credit reference agencies to verify your identity and we may pass your information to those agencies if
• we strongly suspect fraud on our website
• we may pass your contact information to advertising agencies to use to promote our services to you
Use of information we collect through automated systems
17. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you visit a website that uses them. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use at a later date.
They are commonly used to provide you with a personalised experience while you browse a website, for example, allowing your preferences to be remembered.
They can also provide core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility; record how you interact with the website so that the owner can understand how to improve the experience of other visitors; and serve you advertisements that are relevant to your browsing history.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one visit (known as a session), one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely until you delete them.
Your web browser should allow you to delete any cookie you choose. It should also allow you to prevent or limit their use. Your web browser may support a plug-in or add-on that helps you manage which cookies you wish to allow to operate.
The law requires you to give explicit consent for use of any cookies that are not strictly necessary for the operation of a website.
When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose.
If you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser settings, you may not be able to use all the functionality of our website.
We use cookies in the following ways:
• to track how you use our website
• to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our website
• to keep you signed in to our website
• to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete them
• to record the conversation thread during a live chat with our support team
[We provide more information about the cookies we use in our cookie policy].
18. Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded.
We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.
We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you.
If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website.
19. Re-marketing
Re-marketing involves placing a ‘tracking technology’ such as a cookie, a ‘web beacon’ (also known as an ‘action tag’ or a ‘single-pixel GIF’) to track which pages you visit and to serve you relevant adverts for our services when you visit some other website.
The benefit of re-marketing technology is that we can provide you with more useful and relevant adverts, and not show you ones repeatedly that you may have already seen.
We may use a third-party advertising service to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time. If you have consented to our use of such tracking technologies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites.
We do not provide your personal data to advertisers or to third-party re-marketing service providers. However, if you are already a member of a website whose affiliated business provides such services, that affiliated business may learn of your preferences in relation to your use of our website.
Other matters
20. Your rights
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regard to the processing and control of your personal data.
We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at
http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org
21. Use of our services by children
We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by children, nor do we market to children.
We collect data about all users of and visitors to these areas regardless of age, and we anticipate that some of those users and visitors will be children.
22. Encryption of data sent between us
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us.
Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar.
23. Delivery of services using third party communication software
With your consent, we may communicate using software provided by a third party such as Facebook (WhatsApp).
Such methods of communication should secure your personal data using encryption and other technologies. The providers of such software should comply with all applicable privacy laws, rules, and regulations, including the GDPR.
If you have any concerns about using a particular software for communication, please tell us.
24. Data may be processed outside the European Union
Our websites are hosted either in Ireland or within the EU.
25. Control over your own information
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please inform us if your personal data changes.
At any time, you may contact us to request that we provide you with the personal data we hold about you.
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you should contact us to make that request.
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal data we first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Please be aware that we are not obliged by law to provide you with all personal data we hold about you, and that if we do provide you with information, the law allows us to charge for such provision if doing so incurs costs for us. After receiving your request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you should contact us to make your request.
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
We remind you that we are not obliged by law to delete your personal data or to stop processing it simply because you do not consent to us doing so. While having your consent is an important consideration as to whether to process it, if there is another legitimate basis on which we may process it, we may do so on that basis.
26. Communicating with us
When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by email, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business.
We do not keep any personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name or email address.
27. Complaining
If you are not happy with our privacy policy, or if you have any complaint, then you should tell us.
When we receive a complaint, we record the information you have given to us on the basis of consent. We use that information to resolve your complaint.
We aim to investigate all complaints relating to user generated content. However, we may not be able to do so as soon as a complaint is made. If we feel that it is justified or if we believe that the law requires us to do so, we shall remove the content while do so.
Making a complaint may not result in the removal of the content. Ultimately, we have to make a judgment as to whose right will be obstructed: yours, or that of the person who posted the content that offends you.
If we think your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we shall not correspond with you about it.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to notify some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal data, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission (DPC). This can be done at
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/complaints/1592.htm
. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to talk to you about your concern before you approach the DPC.
28. Retention period
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal data only for as long as required by us:
• to provide you with the services you have requested
• to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities
• to support a claim or defence in court
29. Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy complies with the law in Ireland, specifically with the Data Protection Act 2018 (the ‘Act’) accordingly incorporating the EU General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011.
30. Review of this privacy policy
We shall update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary.
This Privacy Policy was developed using a template from Net Lawman. See more templates from
Net Lawman here
.
Last updated: August 17th, 2022 at 4:44pm
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://platform.tollbridge.co/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Tollbridge
We understand that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all of our customers ("Customers") and our customers users ("End-Users") and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the GDPR. We keep your personal information private and we will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect any changes in technology or legislation, or our data-usage policies.
Who are we?
Square1 Software Ltd. trading as Tollbridge with an address of 151 Thomas Street, Dublin, D08PY5E, Ireland,  is the operator of the Tollbridge platform. In this privacy policy references to "we", "us" and "our" are to Square1 Software Limited. References to "our Website" or "the Website" are to https://www.tollbridge.co, references to "Tollbridge" or the "Platform" are to the Tollbridge Platform Application.
Tollbridge is a membership management, payments subscription and paywall platform as a service. Our Customers contract the use of the Tollbridge Platform to provide user authentication, subscription and paywall as a service for their End-Users. Our Customers can, at their sole discreation, provide administrative access to their employees and other third parties to access their End-User account data in the Tollbridge Platform.
What does this notice cover?
This Privacy Policy explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data.
What is personal data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679, “GDPR”) as “any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier”.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What personal information do we collect?
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Personal information you provide us
This is any information we collect that you freely provide us when you fill in forms or register on our Website or Platform either as a Customer or an End-user. It also includes any information you provide when you call, talk, send us an email or transmit via any physical or electronic format.

                    The information your provide may include first and last name, avatar, company name, company logo, email address, last 4 digits of payment cards, phone number and address. We may receive information directly from End-user, the Customer or third-parties.
Personal information we automatically collect
This is any information that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or Platform.

                    The information we collect includes, IP address, network provider, web browser type and version, operating system and platform, location, access time and time zone setting, language, entry URL link into Website or Platform, URL links you visit and click on, URL link you exit Website or Platform, login and subscription information, page load time, system and crash report errors, items viewed or searched, length of visit, time on each page, interaction on each page, identifier from social media login, avatar from social media login.
How do we process your personal information?
We use the information you provide and we automatically collect to deliver our Customers with our contracted services to allow access and use of the Platform to which they have purchased, automatically process payments for Platform subscriptions, prevent fraudulent transactions, to communicate with our Customers and End-users, provide End-users with access to the Customers product or service, to administer and operate our Website and Platform.
How do we store your personal information?
Our platform
The data that we collect from you will be stored on Tollbridge secure servers or those of Tollbridge service providers. It will not be transferred or stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area "EEA" unless to a data processor acting on Tollbridges behalf which is either within the EEA, or in a country where protections are deemed adequate by the EU.

                    We have implemented best-practice standards and controls, we use a variety of safeguards designed to help protect your data from unauthorised access, use and disclosure. Where you have a password for access to the Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential and secure.

                    We will do our best to protect your personal data but the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website or Platform; as such and while we use use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access any transmission is at your own risk.

                    We will store your information only as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you, our Customers and their End-users. We may also retain information to comply with our legal obligations, standard industry practice and in following guidance of relevant Irish and EU authorities.
Data processors
We use third party data processors to collect, export, process and store data on our behalf, which may include Personal Data. The processors we are currently using include: Linode LLC, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.linode.com/privacy; Stripe Inc, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://stripe.com/privacy; Mailgun Technologies Inc, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy; Amazon.com Inc, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://aws.amazon.com/privacy;
What are your rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
(a) The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details provided below.
(b) The right to access the personal data hold about you.
(c) The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details below to find out more.
(d) The right to be forgotten, ie the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details below to find out more.
(e) The right to restrict (ie prevent) the processing of your personal data.
(f) The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
(g) The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
(h) Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided below.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Data Protection Commission.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. More specifically, we use cookies for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the site and use its features and services. These cookies allow the site to perform smoothly for you, the user, and without them we may not be able to provide certain services or features.
Cookie
Type
Category
Purpose
tollbridge_session
First Party
Strictly Necessary
This cookie has the form of a randomly-generated alphanumeric string which is used to maintain a user session to keep the session alive between page requests.
XSRF-TOKEN
First Party
Strictly Necessary
This cookie is set to help with site security in preventing Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks.
__stripe_sid
First Party
Strictly Necessary
This cookie is set for fraud prevention purposes and helps Stripe assess the risk associated with an attempted payment transaction.
__stripe_mid
First Party
Strictly Necessary
This cookie is set for fraud prevention purposes and helps Stripe assess the risk associated with an attempted payment transaction.
Links to external websites
This statement relates to our privacy practices only in connection with Tollbridge. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Our Website and Platform may contain external links to partner networks, advertisers and affiliates, if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
How do you contact us?
If you have any questions or require any more information regarding our privacy notice please contact us at dataprotection@tollbridge.co
Sub-policy 1
http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org/:
Legal Documents & Guides
Business
Personal
Property
Pricing
Pricing
Pricing
Returning Customer?
Sign in to your account
Country
Australia
Canada
India
Ireland
New Zealand
South Africa
UK
Australia
Canada
India
Ireland
New Zealand
South Africa
Search
0
Basket
Sign in
Sign up
Menu
Home
>
Know your privacy rights
Know your privacy rights
Understand your privacy rights
Citizens in the United Kingdom and countries within the European Union have legal rights in respect of how personal data about them is collected, stored, used or otherwise acted on by businesses and organisations.
Net Lawman
has condensed the law into a short, easy to read guide about how the law protects your personal data. It aims to help you understand your rights and the legal obligations that business and organisations that process and control your data have to you.
Use of this guide to discharge obligations to notify you of your rights
One of the legal obligations of businesses and organisations that handle your personal data is to tell you about your legal rights.
This microsite provides a guide to your legal rights regarding the processing of your personal data. If you’ve been referred to it from another website, then the owner of the website that you were previously visiting is meeting their obligation to inform you of your rights under the accountability principle.
START
The Data Protection Act and the General Data Protection Regulation
The General Data Protection Regulation (known more commonly as the GDPR) came into force in May 2018 across all European Union Member States. Regulations binding acts that apply to all Member States without requiring a separate act of parliament to be passed in each.
Although it is a Regulation, the GDPR was written with the intention that it would be supplemented by additional law enacted by each Member State. The Data Protection Act is an act of parliament that further strengthens protection for individuals and gives data processors and controllers more extensive obligations. The same name has been used for entirely separate legislation in the UK and in the Republic of Ireland.
Since 1 January 2021, post Brexit, the GDPR no longer applies in the UK. However, the Data Protection Act 2018 (the 'UK DPA') does. Since the UK DPA is UK law and not EU law, it continues to apply even though the UK is no longer a member of the European Union.
Scope of the law
The following pages of this microsite explain when data protection law applies.
What many people don’t realise is that the law applies to personal data processed offline, and not to just that collected and used through websites and apps. While we associate privacy notices with websites (‘website privacy policies’), the requirements to disclose your privacy policy and other information about data subjects’ rights apply even if you do not operate a website.
If you supply a privacy notice offline (for example, as a schedule to a contract) then you can still refer your data subjects to this microsite in order to discharge your obligations to inform them of their rights.
What information is protected?
Responsibilities of organisations that use your information
Legitimate uses of your personal information
Summary of your rights
Transferring your data outside the EU
Data breaches
Exemptions
Your Account
About Us
Contact Support
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
© 1999 - 2025 Net Lawman Limited.
All rights reserved