Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO)
1. Name and contact details of the controller
This privacy policy applies to data processing by:
Concappt Media GmbH
Große Johannisstraße 13
20457 Hamburg, Germany
Phone +49 (0)40 349 99 74 - 0
Fax +49 (0)40 349 99 74 - 2
Web www.happy-touch-apps.com• info (at) concappt-media (dot) de
Represented by:
Jan Kollmorgen, CEO
2. Collection and storage of personal data as well as the nature and purpose of their use
a) When visiting the website
When you visit our website, the browser used on your device automatically sends information to the server of our website. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file. The following information will be collected without your intervention and stored until automated deletion:
IP address of the requesting computer, date and time of access, name and URL of the retrieved file Website from which access takes place (referrer URL) the browser used and, if applicable, the operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider.
The data mentioned are processed by us for the following purposes:
Ensure a smooth connection of the website, ensure comfortable use of our website, evaluation of system security and stability as well as for further administrative purposes.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate interest follows from the data collection purposes listed above. In no case we use the collected data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you.
b) When registering for our newsletter
If, pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO have expressly consented, we use your e-mail address to regularly send you our newsletter. For the receipt of the newsletter the indication of an e-mail address is sufficient.
The deregistration is possible at any time, for example via a link at the end of each newsletter. Alternatively you can also send your unsubscribe request to info@concappt-media.de by e-mail.
c) By using our contact form
For questions of any kind, we offer you the opportunity to contact us via a form provided on the website. It is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address so that we know who the request came from and to answer it. Further information can be provided voluntarily.
The data processing for the purpose of contacting us is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO based on your voluntarily granted consent.
The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after completion of the request made by you.
3. Disclosure of data
A transfer of your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those listed below does not take place.
We only share your personal information with third parties if:
You yours according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO have given express consent to this disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a predominantly legitimate interest in not disclosing your data in the event that disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO there is a legal obligation this is legally permissible and according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO is required for the settlement of contractual relationships with you.
4. Analysis tools
All Happy Touch apps do not make use of third-party advertising or analytics software and do not transmit data to third parties other than Apple, respectively other user chosen software-store providers.
5. Social Media Plug-ins and Tools
All Happy Touch apps do not include Social Media Plug-ins or tools and do not transmit data to third parties other than Apple.
6. Duration of data storage
We process and store your personal information as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of our contractual and legal obligations. It should be noted that our business relationship is a continuing obligation, which is designed for several years.
If the data is no longer required for the fulfillment of contractual or legal obligations, these data are deleted on a regular basis, unless their - temporary - further processing is required for the following purposes:
Fulfillment of commercial and tax retention periods: The Commercial Code, the Tax Code, the Banking Act, the Money Laundering Act and the Securities Trading Act must be mentioned. The deadlines for storage and documentation are two to ten years.
Preservation of evidence under the statute of limitations. According to §§195 ff. Of the Civil Code (BGB), these limitation periods can be up to 30 years, whereby the regular limitation period is three years.
7. Affected rights You have the right:
in accordance with Art. 15 DSGVO, to request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you may provide information about the purposes of the processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right of rectification, cancellation, restriction on processing or opposition Existence of a right of appeal, the origin of their data, if not collected from us, as well as the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details in accordance with Art. 16 DSGVO, to immediately demand the correction of incorrect or completed personal data stored by us in accordance with Art. 17 DSGVO, to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims is required to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data according to Art. 18 DSGVO, as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you reject its deletion and we no longer need the data, but you assert this, Exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO in accordance with Art. 20 DSGVO, to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, standard and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible; according to Art. 7 para. 3 DSGVO, to revoke your once given consent to us at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future and to complain to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 DSGVO. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or work or our company headquarters.
8. Right of objection
If your personal data are based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO are processed, you have the right to file an objection against the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO, provided there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or if the objection is directed against direct mail. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, please send an e-mail to info@concappt-media.de.
9. Data security
We use the popular SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method within the site visit, in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. In general, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we'll use 128-bit v3 technology instead. Whether a single page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form is indicated by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
Incidentally, we use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
10. Updating and changing this privacy policy
This privacy policy is currently valid and is valid as of July 2019.
As a result of the further development of our website and offers thereof or due to changed legal or official requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current privacy policy can be viewed and printed at any time on the website at https://www.happy-touch-apps.com/english/privacy-policy/.
Information about your right of objection under Article 21 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO)
1. Case-specific right of objection
You have the right at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to prevent the processing of personal data relating to you pursuant to Article 6 (1) (d) of the DSGVO (Data Processing in the Public Interest) and Article 6 (1) of the DSGVO (Data processing on the basis of a balance of interests) takes place, objecting; this also applies to a profiling based on this provision within the meaning of Article 4 (4) DSGVO.
If you object, we will no longer process your personal information unless we can establish compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purposes of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
2. Right to object to the processing of data for advertising purposes
In individual cases, we process your personal data in order to operate direct mail.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes.
The objection can be form-free and should be made by phone as far as possible by e-mail at info@concappt-media.de.
This document was last updated on August 02, 2019
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.happy-touch-apps.com/home:
top of page
Welcome to
H
A
P
P
Y
T
O
U
C
H
W
O
R
L
D
15+ toddler apps. No ads. No in-app purchases.
$6.99 per month after trial
All you need.
In one plan.
​
We offer you a wide choice of games, so you can easily find the perfect app for your kids!
15+ Educational Apps
Meaningful screen time.
No in-app purchases
Unlock to full versions.
No ads
Simple as that.
Apps to get started
Car Wash for Kids
The #1 Funny Car Game
This is your big chance! All cars are just waiting to be washed by you! And yes, THEY ARE DIRTY!
Start your trial
Read more
Our Games
Choose your favorite.
Our educational apps offer a fun and engaging way for children to learn important skills while promoting healthy development.
Anne zeigt ihr Zuhause
4+, Made for Ages 0–5
Colors & Shapes
4+, Made for Ages 0–5
Kids-games Happytouch®
4+, Made for Ages 0–5
All clean? Brush Teeth
Kids Game For All Ages
CAR WASH
Funny Game For Kids 3 Years
HAIR GAMES
Hair Salon Hair Games
PLANE WASH
Toddler game for boys & girls
BABY GAMES
SOAP BUBBLES › Game 1+
Baby Games For 1 Year
Baby Games For One Year Olds
F
u
l
l
V
e
r
s
i
o
n
s
o
f
15+
A
p
p
s
No ads. No in-app purchases.
$6.99 per month after trial
APPS
Serving
young happy souls
s
ince 2011.
10+
Years Experience
120+
Educational Games
20M+
Downloads
What people say about HAPPY TOUCH?
SO CUTE!
"I l
o
ve this game
it's SO CUTE.
You have to try it!"
SummerE.
Kids learn best
through play
Our educational games prepare them for school and everyday life
Already 15,000 subscribers
are connected, what about you?
Subscribe for our Happynews! Receive deals, learn more about screentime and positive child development.
Subscribe
Thanks for subscribing!
bottom of page