Noom Privacy Policy
Noom’s mission is to help as many people as possible live healthier lives through behavior change. We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect through our websites, apps, devices, and other products and services, how we use it, and what choices you have about it.
Please note, this policy does not cover data we handle on behalf of other entities. Those practices are covered by our agreements with those entities. Please see those privacy policies for how they handle your data.
Table of Contents
How we collect information
What we do with the info we collect
How and when we share your information
How long we keep your information
Your rights and choices
Research participation
Transferring your information
State-specific disclosures
Residents of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland
Changes to this Policy
How we collect information:
The information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make. We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our services, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, information from third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.
Information you provide:
When you sign up for or use Noom, you share certain information, such as:
Common personal information and identifiers:
We collect name, username or alias, and contact details such as email address, postal address, and phone number.
Demographic data:
In some cases, we request that you provide or you may offer age, gender, marital status, and similar demographic details.
Payment information:
If you make a purchase or other financial transaction, we collect credit card numbers, financial account information, and other payment details.
Contents and files:
We collect the photos, documents, or other files you upload to Noom; and if you send us email messages or communications, we collect and retain those communications.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Account access information:
We collect information such as a username or account number in combination with a password, security or access code, or other credential that allows access to an account.
Contents of communications
: We collect the contents of messages you send in chats and message boards in our apps.
Health data:
We collect and analyze information concerning your health, such as weight, mental state, sleep and exercise habits, and food intake.
Sensitive demographic data:
We collect information about racial or ethic origin, religion, or philosophical beliefs that you may provide or we infer throughout the program to better support you.
Technical information collected automatically when you use Noom:
When you use our website or mobile application, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Log data:
When you use Noom, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes your IP address, browser type and settings, and the date and time you used Noom.
Geolocation data:
Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our apps or online services. For example, we may infer your general geographic location (such as city, state, and country) based on your IP address.
Cookie data
: We and our partners also use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics and advertising device IDs, and similar technologies. We and our partners use these technologies in websites, apps, and online services to collect personal data (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) when you use our services, including personal data about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, or online services. For more information on our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Device information:
In addition to log data, we collect information about the device you’re using Noom on, including the type of device, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.
Usage data and customization:
When you’re on Noom, we use your activity—such as the foods you typically log— to customize your experience. We also automatically log your other activity on our websites, apps, and connected products, including the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, and other details about your use of and actions on our website.
Sensor data:
We may also receive data from third party sensors you choose to connect; for example, you can choose to connect your Apple Watch Health App with Noom so we can receive and help you track your step and exercise data.
Information we create or generate:
We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). For example, we may infer your BMI from your height and weight.
Information collected from third-party services:
We also obtain the types of information described above from third parties. These third-party sources include, for example:
Third-party partners:
Third-party applications and services, including social networks you choose to interact with to connect to our services. What we have access to is dependent on the privacy policies or settings for those accounts.
Information our advertisers share with us:
We also get information about you and your activity from our advertising partners and other third parties we work with. For example, online advertisers or third parties share information with us to measure, report on, or improve the performance of ads for Noom.
Co-branding/marketing partners:
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Service providers:
Third parties that collect or provide data in connection with work they do on our behalf. For example, companies that determine your device’s location based on its IP address.
When you are asked to provide your information, you may decline or use browser or device controls to prevent certain types of data collection. In some cases, if you choose not to provide information that is necessary, some services or features may not be available or fully functional.
What we do with the information we collect:
We’re committed to providing a service that’s relevant, interesting, and personalized. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience. For example:
Purposes of Use
Categories of Information
Product and service delivery.
To provide and deliver products and services, including fulfilling your order, troubleshooting, and personalizing our services.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Account access information, sensitive demographic data, contents of communications, health data.
Business operations.
To operate our business, such as billing, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Account access information, sensitive demographic data, contents of communications, health data.
Product improvement, development, and research.
To improve our products and services and develop new products and services (including AI/ML) and conduct user research (surveys, interviews).
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Account access information, sensitive demographic data, contents of communications, health data.
Personalization.
To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our services.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Account access information, sensitive demographic data, contents of communications, health data.
Customer support.
To provide customer support and respond to your questions.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Account access information, sensitive demographic data, contents of communications, health data.
Communications.
To send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, reminders, support, and administrative messages.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Sensitive demographic data, health data.
Marketing.
To communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our services and those of our selected partners.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Sensitive demographic data, health data.
Advertising.
To display advertising to you.
Contact information, demographic data, payment information, content and files,identifiers and device information, geolocation data, log data, usage data, sensor data, inferences. Sensitive Information: Sensitive demographic data, health data.
We combine data we collect from different sources for these purposes, and to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. See
Your rights and choices
for information about how to update or change your preferences.
How and when we share your information:
We may share your information with, for example:
Other services:
Other services, at your direction, when you decide to link your Noom account to those services. If you link your Noom account to any of those third parties, or allow us to share your information with them, that data is governed by their privacy policies.
Service providers:
We provide your information to vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this policy. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to your information to provide those functions.
Financial services and payment processing:
When you provide payment data, for example to make a purchase, we will disclose payment and transactional data to banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, analytics, or other related financial services.
Corporate transactions:
We may disclose your information as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Legal and law enforcement:
We will access, disclose, and preserve your information when we believe that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Safety, security, and protecting rights:
We will also disclose your information if we believe it is necessary to:
Protect our customers and others; for example, to prevent spam or attempts to commit fraud, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone.
Operate and maintain the security of our services, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of ourselves or others, including enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies.
Advertising providers:
Third party analytics and advertising companies also collect personal data through our website and apps, including identifiers and device information (such as cookie IDs, device IDs, and IP address), geolocation data, log data, and inferences based on and associated with that data, as described in our
Cookie Policy
. These third-parties may combine this data across multiple sites to improve analytics for their own purposes and for others. For example, we use Google Analytics on our website to help us understand how users interact with our website; you can learn how Google collects and uses information at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Some of the information disclosures to these third parties may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information as defined under the laws of California and other U.S. states. Please see
“Your rights and choices”
and
“State-specific disclosures”
below for more details.
How long we keep your information:
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide our services to you, fulfill the purposes described in this policy, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Actual retention periods can vary significantly based on your expectations and consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls, and our legal or contractual obligations.
Your rights and choices:
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information. If you have a Noom account, many of these controls are built directly into your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile at any time.
Link or unlink your Noom account from other services.
Choose whether Noom will be customized for you using your inputs (for example, by adding or removing your food entries or step count).
Close your account and delete your account data. (Please note that there may be legal reasons for us to keep your data, such as if we receive a law enforcement request asking us to preserve data.)
In some jurisdictions, these controls and choices may be enforceable as rights under applicable law.
Access and portability of your information:
We can usually share this with you in a portable format within 30 days of you asking us. To request data export, please contact us at
support@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account.
Correction and deletion of your information:
You can log into your profile to update your information, or delete your data at any time by closing your account. Please note that there may be legal reasons for us to keep your data, such as if we receive a law enforcement request asking us to preserve data. To request account deletion, please contact us at
support@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account.
Object to us processing your information:
You can ask us to stop using your information for certain purposes, including when we use your information to send you marketing emails or SMS messages. If you opt-out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you updates about your account, such as when you request reminders from us to log in.
Targeted advertising:
To learn how to opt-out from or change your preferences for targeted advertising, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Data sharing or sales:
Some privacy laws define “data sharing” or “sales” to include some of the disclosures described in
“How and when we share your information”
above. Please follow the
“Your Privacy Choices” link
to learn more about opting out from these kinds of disclosures.
Browser or device controls:
To learn how to use browser and device controls to express your choices, including the
Global Privacy Control
, please visit our
Cookie Policy
. If you have questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
Research participation:
We are committed to validating our approach to lifelong behavior change using science. We publish using only aggregated, de-identified data. If you would not like your information used in our studies, please fill out
the opt out of Noom research form
. You may
view the Advarra Institutional Review Board (IRB) Informed Consent document
.
Transferring your information:
The information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers process data. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. These locations were chosen to operate efficiently and improve our performance.
We take steps to protect your information as described in this policy wherever the data are located, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protections, please visit:
https://commission.europa.eu/document/fa09cbad-dd7d-4684-ae60-be03fcb0fddf_en
.
State-specific disclosures:
If you are a customer covered by “Washington’s My Health, my Data” Act or Nevada’s SB 370, please visit
Noom’s Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
.
Residents of certain states may have additional rights and choices, including:
Notice at Collection
: You have a right to receive notice of our practices before or when we collect your information, including the categories of information and sensitive personal information collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details in this policy under the headers above.
Right to Know:
You have a right to see the information we have collected about you. You may request your information by contacting us at
support@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account.You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, selling or sharing of such information. You can find those details in this policy under the headers above.
Rights to Request Correction or Deletion:
You also have rights to request that we correct inaccurate information about you or delete your information. You can log into your profile to update your information, or delete your data at any time by  logging into your account or by contacting us at
support@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account. Please note that there may be legal reasons for us to keep your data, such as if we receive a law enforcement request asking us to preserve data.
Right to Opt-Out/Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information:
NOTICE: This website may sell your sensitive personal data. You have a right to opt-out from the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. You also have a right to limit our use of sensitive personal information for purposes other than to provide Noom. Please visit
Your Privacy Choices
if you do not wish for us or our partners to share information relating to you and your use of Noom for marketing and advertising purposes.
Noom does not sell or share the personal information of children or teens.
Right Against Discrimination:
Noom will never discriminate against you for exercising these rights.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Lastly, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which they have established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Residents of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland:
If the processing of your information is subject to the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), or Swiss data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, your information by contacting us at
GDPRsupport@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account;
If any automated processing of your information is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal data in a usable and portable format;
If the processing of your information is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing;
You can object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of your information under certain circumstances; and
For residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death.
To make such requests, please contact us at
GDPRsupport@noom.com
. When we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing your information. For example, with your consent or as necessary to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact us at
GDPRsupport@noom.com
.
If you think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission in Ireland or with your local supervisory authority.
Changes to this policy:
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Noom after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or obtain your consent to the changes.
Contact us:
The best way to get in touch with us is by emailing
support@noom.com
or at
Noom, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Officer
One Palmer Square, Suite 441
Princeton, NJ 08542
Updated Oct 1, 2024.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.noom.com/do-not-share/:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.noom.com/consumer-health-data-privacy-notice/:
Noom’s Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
Noom’s
Privacy Policy
was written to help you understand what information we collect through our websites, apps, devices, and other products and services, how we use it, and what choices you have about it. The Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice applies to just a subset of that information: data that may constitute “Consumer Health Data” under laws enacted by certain states, including “Washington’s My Health, my Data” Act and Nevada’s SB 370 (or, the “Consumer Health Laws”).
Please note, this Notice only covers customers covered by these laws. For general questions, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
How we collect information:
Because Noom is a health and wellness service, much of the data we collect could be interpreted to be Customer Health Data. We collect Customer Health Data directly from you–from the information you provide when you sign up for or use Noom, to the inferences we make in order to better support you. For example, we may infer your BMI from your height and weight, or recommend different coursepacks based on your preferences.
Any information collected in connection with providing medical care may be subject to different notices, as required by other laws that protect medical information.
What we do with the information we collect:
We’re committed to providing a service that’s relevant, interesting, and personalized. To do that, we use your information:
To provide and deliver products and services, including fulfilling your order, troubleshooting, and improving and personalizing our services.
To operate our business, such as billing, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
To provide customer support and respond to your questions.
To send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, reminders, support, and administrative messages.
With your permission, we may also use your information to conduct user research (surveys, interviews); communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events; or to display advertising to you.
How and when we share your information:
We may share your information with, for example:
Other services:
Other services, at your direction, when you decide to link your Noom account to those services. If you link your Noom account to any of those third parties, or allow us to share your information with them, that data is governed by their privacy policies.
Service providers:
We provide your information to vendors or agents working on our behalf (typically known as “processors” under the Consumer Health Laws) for the purposes described in this Notice. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to your information to provide those functions.
Financial services and payment processing:
When you provide payment data, for example to make a purchase, we will disclose payment and transactional data to banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, analytics, or other related financial services.
Corporate transactions:
We may disclose your information as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Safety, security, and protecting rights:
We will also disclose your information if we believe it is necessary to:
Protect our customers and others; for example, to prevent spam or attempts to commit fraud, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone.
Operate and maintain the security of our services, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of ourselves or others, including enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies, or comply with our legal obligations.
Some disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of Consumer Health Data as defined under the Consumer Health Laws.
We do not sell or share Consumer Health Data without your consent.
You may revoke your consent at any time.
Your rights and choices:
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information. If you have a Noom account, many of these controls are built directly into your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile at any time.
Link or unlink your Noom account from other services.
Choose whether Noom will be customized for you using your inputs (for example, by adding or removing your food entries or step count).
Close your account at any time. When you close your account, we’ll deactivate it and delete your account data.
Right to Know:
You have a right to see the information we have collected about you. You may request your information by contacting us at
support@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account. If you are covered by the Consumer Health Laws, you may also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, selling or sharing of such information, including the right to withdraw consent for certain uses of your information and to obtain a list of third parties with which we have “sold” or “shared” your data.
Rights to Request Correction or Deletion:
You also have rights to request that we correct inaccurate information about you or delete your information. You can log into your profile to update your information, or delete your data at any time by logging into your account or by contacting us at
support@noom.com
using the email address tied to your Noom account.
Changes to this Notice:
We may change this Notice from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Noom after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new notice. If the changes are significant, we may provide an email or in-app notice.
Contact us:
The best way to get in touch with us is by emailing
support@noom.com
or at
Noom, Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
One Palmer Square, Suite 441
Princeton, NJ 08542
Updated August 8, 2024
For Individuals
Noom Med
Lose Weight
Menopause & HRT
Relieve Stress
Personality Quiz
Calorie Calculator
Macro Calculator
For Organizations
Employers
Health Plans
Health Systems
Resources
Company
About Us
Careers
Our Approach
Research
Press
Blog
Noom Books
EN
DE
ES
KR
Please wait while you are redirected to the right page...
We use cookies to improve your experience, personalise your content and ads, and analyse site usage. By clicking “OK”, you agree to the use of cookies.
Manage Cookies
OK
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label