Privacy Policy
Effective: Feb 3, 2023
Footpath is a service for planning routes and recording outdoor and fitness activities provided by Half Mile Labs LLC. We care about your privacy and have created this Privacy Policy to outline how we collect, use, and share information about you. If you have any questions, please contact us at
support@footpathapp.com
.
Here’s the gist of how we handle your personal information:
We collect certain personal information that you provide to us so that you can use Footpath.
Information you upload or post to Footpath may be seen by others if you choose to share a public link.
We only collect your precise location or health information (with your express consent) when necessary such as navigating you along your route or providing statistics about your activity.
We aggregate and de-identify usage data to improve our products and services.
We only share information with our service providers when necessary to keep Footpath running smoothly.
You have the right to access, update, or delete your information at any time.
What information we collect
Information you choose to give us
When you use our services, we collect information that you choose to share with us, including:
Information you provide when you create an account
including name and email address.
Your preferences and settings
such as your preferred activities like running, hiking, or cycling, and your language and unit settings
Content you’ve created or saved while using the services
such as navigation routes you’ve planned, GPS recordings of your activities, or photos you’ve added to share with others.
Data you may provide when communicating with us
such as requests and feedback or any other data that we may receive in communications via email or social media.
Information collected when you use our services
When you used our services, we collect information about what services you’ve used and how you’ve used them.
Usage information.
We may collect information about how you interact with our services, such as what maps you download, the types of routes you create, or which features you frequently use.
Content information.
We collect information about the content you create while using the service such as routes and GPS tracks.
Device information.
We collect information about the devices you use to create content on Footpath:
Hardware and software information such as the hardware model, operating system version, browser type, language, battery level, and time zone
Information from device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, and compasses
Information about your wireless and mobile network connections, such as your mobile phone provider and whether or not you have service
Location information.
When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your consent, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies.
Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. We may also use these technologies to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our partners, such as advertising and commerce features. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services. To learn more about how we use cookies and your choices, please view our
Cookie Policy
.
Log Information.
We also collect log information when you use our website and services. That information includes, among other things:
details about how you’ve used our services.
device information, such as your web browser type and language.
access times.
pages viewed.
IP address.
identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser.
pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
Regarding health data
We may collect information that you provide to us with your consent that may reveal information about your physical health and location, including:
GPS and accelerometer data when recording GPS tracks of your activity
Heart rate and other fitness metrics such as running power and cadence for on-screen display and analysis
Any workout and GPS data explicitly imported from other sources such as GPX files or Apple Health
We will only use health and location data that you voluntarily provide us, and only with your prior consent. Health data will only be used to provide health, motion or fitness services in connection with Footpath. Health data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including by third parties. You may refuse or revoke your consent to your health data at any time.
Location-based services
To provide location-based services within Footpath products such as maps, GPS activity recording, and turn-by-turn navigation, we may collect precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device. We will notify and obtain your consent before collecting, transmitting, or using such precise location data. Location information will only be used when directly relevant to our services, such as providing navigation functionality and to improve our location-based products and services.
Information we collect from third parties
We do not collect personal information about you from third parties.
Using Footpath without an account
Please note that when you install Footpath on your mobile device, Footpath may setup up an anonymous account associated with your mobile device whether or not you choose to create an account with your email and password.
If you choose to use Footpath without setting up an account, Footpath will link your information to an account created with a unique identifier generated by Footpath. This account is anonymous by default and allows us to sync your routes between your own devices and share your routes without us needing to collect your personal contact information.
Note that in order to access certain features of the services (for example accessing your saved routes via the web), you will need to set up an account with your personal information, in which case we will link your personal information with the previously anonymous account.
How and why we use this information
We use your information to provide the best possible service for you. These uses include:
Developing and improving our services
Communicating with you for support inquiries or sharing information about our products
Monitoring and analyzing trends and usage
Keeping the services running, safe, and secure
Enforcing our
Terms of Service
and policies
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information regarding user activities on our website and apps. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our users and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We may use aggregated information to provide new features and content such as maps tailored for specific activities.
We may collect and store details of how you use our services, including search queries. This information may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
How we share your data
Footpath does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties.
Publicly Available Information
Your information and content may be publicly accessible if you decide to publicly share a link to your content.
Service providers
Footpath may share personal information with service providers and business partners who provide services such as information processing, payment processing, cloud storage, and customer service. Personal information will only be shared by Footpath to provide or improve our products and services; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. These third parties are upheld to the same standards to protect user data as in this privacy policy.
Mapbox anonymous location data
We use the Mapbox Maps SDK for rendering our maps, and Footpath sends anonymous location and maps usage data to Mapbox so that they may improve these maps. We only send this information after we’ve received express consent to access your location, and you may opt out of location data sharing with Mapbox at any time by visiting the Settings app > Footpath.
You can learn more about how Mapbox uses this anonymous location data here:
https://www.mapbox.com/telemetry/
Others
It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence − for Footpath to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our
Terms of Service
or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, we may share aggregate or de-identified information with third parties for research, analytics, and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual.
How we protect your data
Footpath takes the security of your personal information very seriously. Footpath online services protect your personal information during transit using encryption such as Transport Layer Security (TLS). When your personal data is stored by Footpath, we use computer systems with limited access housed in facilities using physical security measures.
If you choose to share links to the content you create on Footpath, the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.
Retention of data
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service specific privacy summaries. When assessing these periods we carefully examine our need to collect personal information at all and if we establish a relevant need we only retain it for the shortest possible period to realize the purpose of collection unless a longer retention period is required by law.
Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to Footpath, such as statistics of the use of the services. For example, we may retain depersonalized route and other geolocation information to continue to improve the services. This information will be de-associated with your name and other identifiers.
Control over your information
You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by signing in to footpathapp.com/account. You can also revoke access to your location and health data at any time on your device if your device offers those options.
For other personal information we hold, we will provide you with access (including a copy) for any purpose including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Footpath is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. We may also decline aspects of deletion or access requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes. For access, correction, or deletion requests navigate to your account at
footpathapp.com/settings/account
or contact us at
support@footpathapp.com
.
Users in the European Union
If you’re a user in the European Union, you should know that Half Mile Labs LLC is the controller of your personal information.
We use your personal information for the following:
Legitimate interests.
Your information is used to provide and improve our services, including providing sufficient route planning services, protecting your data, and providing customer support.
Consent.
In some cases, particularly around senstive information like location and health data, we’ll ask for express consent to use your information for specific purposes. You’ll be able to revoce your consent, typically through your device permissions.
Legal obligation.
We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law, like when we respond to valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users.
Your right to object or revoke consent
You have the right to object to our use of your information. If you don’t want us processing certain data, you can simply delete it or disable access to that data on your device. If there are other types of information you don’t agree with us processing, you can contact us at
support@footpathapp.com
.
Should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Automated decision making
Footpath does not make any decisions involving the use of algorithms or profiling that significantly affect you.
International transfers
We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information of EU users outside the EU we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place.
Children
Our services are not intended for—and we don’t direct them to—anyone under 13. And that’s why we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. In addition, we may limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of EU users between 13 and 16. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to these users. If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent’s consent before we collect and use that information.
Third-party sites and services
Footpath websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties − for example, a third‑party iPhone app.
Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
Questions and changes
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at
support@footpathapp.com
.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we’ll let you know either by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy or in some cases provide you with additional notice on the website or via email.
Footpath is a service provided by:
Half Mile Labs LLC
440 N Barranca Ave #7180
Covina, CA 91723