Last updated: 16/05/2024
GENERAL INFO
COOKIES POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE LIST
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
These terms of use (the "Terms of Use") govern the access and use of the websites, hosted under the
                domain name www.fxstreet.com and www.forex.es (the "Websites") and under any of the subdomains or
                dependent web pages, as well as the contents and services that the owner of the Websites makes available
                to its users (the "Users") and establish together with the Privacy and Cookies Policy, relating to the
                management of personal data of Users, the terms and conditions governing said Websites (the "Terms and
                Conditions").
In compliance with article 10 of Law 34/2002, of July 11, involving Information Society Services and
                Electronic Commerce, the following identification data of the owner of the aforementioned Websites are
                provided:
FOREXSTREET, S.L.U. is a commercial company whose registered office is located in Barcelona, Calle
                Portaferrissa, number 7, 1º 2ª, provided with CIF B62498233 and registered in the Mercantile
                Registry of Barcelona, Volume 33351, Folio 135, Page B230633
Access to the Websites or their use by the User necessarily implies, without reservation, knowledge, and
                acceptance of the Terms and Conditions. Therefore, it is recommended that the User read them carefully
                each time they wish to access the aforementioned Websites. If the User does not accept the clauses
                established in these Terms of Use, they must refrain from accessing and/or using the services and/or
                content made available on the Websites and proceed to leave them.
FOREXSTREET, S.L.U. has created the Websites as a way to share the latest news and updates from
                international experts in the foreign exchange market, including expert commentary, economic calendars,
                and relevant information related to this market, thus offering its Users up-to-date information on the
                most representative events related to the foreign exchange market.
In order to use the Services offered on the Websites, it is a necessary condition that Users are of
                legal age . Therefore, by accepting the following Terms and Conditions, the User declares that they are
                of legal age and have the necessary capacity to contract the Services offered on the Websites.
In relation to the above, the User will, in any case, be responsible for the accuracy and truthfulness
                of the data provided to FOREXSTREET, S.L.U. through the registration form.
2. USE OF THE SITE
The user agrees not to use the Websites for activities contrary to the laws, morality, public order,
                    and, in general, to make use in accordance with the conditions established in these Terms of Use.
                    They also agree not to engage in advertising or commercial exploitation activities by sending
                    messages using a false identity.
The Company acts exclusively as the responsible party for the Websites in its capacity as a provider
                    of an information service, not being responsible for the content that, in contravention of these
                    general conditions, users may send or publish, the user being solely responsible for the
                    truthfulness and legality of the same.
The Company may interrupt the service of the Websites being used by the user and immediately
                    terminate the relationship with the user if it detects a use of the Websites or any of the services
                    offered therein that may be considered contrary to what is expressed in these Terms of Use.
The Company reserves the right to decide, at any time, on the continuity of the information society
                    services it provides through its Websites.
Furthermore, the User assumes that the Company, if necessary, may inform administrative or judicial
                    authorities of any facts that may constitute illegal activity, without the need to notify the User
                    beforehand.
3. NAVIGATION PROTECTION
When connecting to the Internet it is convenient that, in addition to taking care of the basic
                        aspects of computer protection, the following precautionary measures are taken into account:
Use updated versions of browsers.
In accessing the restricted access area, verify that access is being made to the correct
                            page and use encryption protocols to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of the
                            provided information.
Browse well-known websites.
Do not accept the execution of programs whose download occurs automatically, if you do not
                            trust the sources that originate your download.
If using public or shared computers with third parties, confirm that the automatic password
                            reminder option is not activated.
a) Password protection
Passwords provided are strictly confidential, so it is the user's responsibility to make good
                        use of them, observing a duty of diligence in their custody and use. In this regard, passwords
                        should not be written on paper or in computer documents. You can change your password
                        periodically. In this case, it is recommended that the chosen password be difficult to deduce,
                        avoiding, for example, matching your birthday, birth, phone number, etc. For security reasons,
                        access to the Services of the Websites may be blocked if the access key is entered incorrectly a
                        certain number of times.
b) Protection against viruses
Viruses are programs that install on the computer, usually hidden from the owner, with harmful
                        purposes for the user's equipment (for example, destroying files or the disk, spreading to other
                        computers, or causing a malfunction of the computer).
To avoid possible virus
                    infections, it is advisable to:
Have up-to-date antivirus software, so you should consult the manufacturer's instructions
                            to keep the automatic update active.
Analyze documents received electronically or from external sources, such as portable
                            devices, with antivirus software.
Install programs from secure sources that do not infringe intellectual property rights.
It is advisable to install an anti-spyware system to prevent spyware programs, better known
                            by the English term spyware. It is also recommended to set up a spam filter system to limit
                            the sending of unwanted mass emails.
If you receive unsolicited emails, it is advisable to confirm the sending with the sender
                            or delete the message directly. It should never be opened even if it comes from a known
                            sender.
Do not participate in chain emails or forward emails indiscriminately.
Do not run attached files directly; it is much safer to extract them first to a directory
                            on the computer.
Having antivirus software does not ensure complete protection of the user's equipment, mainly
                        due to two reasons: that the virus is so new that it is detected by the virus library of the
                        program or that there is a "false positive", i.e., a program has programming code sequences
                        similar to a virus.
4. INTELECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
The entirety of the Websites: text, images, trademarks, graphics, logos, buttons, software files, color
                combinations, as well as the structure, selection, arrangement, and presentation of their contents, are
                protected by Intellectual and Industrial Property laws and belong to FOREXSTREET, S.L.U. as the author
                of collective work, with the reproduction, distribution, public communication, and transformation being
                prohibited, except for personal and private use.
The Company does not guarantee that the contents are accurate or error-free or that the user's free use
                of them will not infringe upon the rights of third parties. The proper or improper use of this page and
                its contents is the responsibility of the user.
Likewise, the reproduction, retransmission, copying, transfer, or redistribution, in whole or in part,
                of the information contained on the Page, regardless of its purpose and the means used for it, is
                prohibited without prior authorization from the Company.
5. LINKS
The Website may include links to third-party sites. Pages belonging to third parties have not been
                    reviewed nor are they subject to controls by the Company. In any case, the Company cannot be held
                    responsible for the content of these websites or for the measures taken regarding their privacy or
                    the processing of their personal data.
The Company recommends carefully reading the terms of use and privacy policies of these sites.
If you are interested in activating a link to any of the Company's pages, you must communicate it,
                    obtaining express consent to create the link. The Company reserves the right to oppose the
                    activation of links to its website.
6. LIABILITIES
The Company shall not be directly or indirectly responsible for:
The quality of the service, access speed, proper functioning, availability, and continuity of
                        operation of the Page.
Any damage that may be caused to the user's equipment by the use of the Page.
Cases in which a third party, breaching the established security measures, accesses messages or
                        uses them to send computer viruses.
Vices and defects of all kinds in the content transmitted, disseminated, stored, or made
                        available.
The legality, reliability, and usefulness of the content that users transmit through the use of
                        the page or the services offered on it, as well as its truthfulness or accuracy. The Company
                        does not control the use that users make of the Page, nor does it guarantee that they do so in
                        accordance with the provisions of this Legal Notice.
The updating of the content offered in the news sections.
By way of illustration and without limitation, the user shall be responsible for:
The content entered by them, especially the data and information entered and sent to the
                                Company through the Websites.
Carrying out any type of unlawful action, harmful to rights, harmful, and/or
                                detrimental.
The custody of their username and password, not communicating it to third parties, in
                                order to avoid identity impersonation or providing false or incorrect data.
7. JURISDICTION
For any type of controversy arising from the use of the services offered or the content of the
                        Websites, the parties, by accepting the clauses established in these Terms of Use, shall submit
                        to the competent Courts and Tribunals of Barcelona.
8. PREMIUM PRODUCT
Please note that the Terms and Conditions outlined here apply only to our standard products and
                        services. If you have purchased our Premium product, please refer to the Premium Terms and
                        Conditions available at
https://www.fxstreet.com/info/premium-terms-and-conditions
. These terms and conditions
                        contain additional information regarding the features and benefits of our Premium product, as
                        well as any specific requirements or limitations associated with its use. By purchasing the
                        Premium product, you agree to abide by these terms and conditions in addition to those outlined
                        here for our standard products and services. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our
                        Premium product or its associated terms and conditions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
1. COOKIES DEFINITION
Cookies are simple text files that are stored in user browsers. They have extended use by web pages to
                provide a better browsing experience to users and receive traffic information. Cookies do not have the
                possibility of infecting the computer with viruses or installing malware. Cookies allow the server to
                teach personalized pages to users, for example remembering their login and avoiding the need to enter it
                each time a page is visited.
There are different types of cookies for various functions. None of them contain personally
                identifiable information and are completely anonymous so the website has no way of knowing the personal
                data of users through cookies. Users can choose not to allow the storage of cookies.
The types of cookies are:
Essential cookies: Some cookies are strictly necessary for the browsing of
                        web pages. Without them, some parts of our website may work incorrectly. These cookies do not
                        store information on the activity of users.
Non-essential cookies: These cookies are not essential for the correct
                        navigation, but they help to make navigation and the collection of user activity information
                        simple and effective.
Functional cookies: These cookies are used to remember the user preferences
                        on our website, thus achieving optimal navigation. They store information about the choices made
                        by the users and allow the personalization of the web page according to the needs of each one.
                        It also prevents users from having to re-enter information or start the session every time they
                        enter our websites.
Performance Cookies: These cookies are used to monitor the general use of
                        our website. For this purpose, FXSTREET uses Google Analytics from Google Inc., which records
                        the number of page views, visits, and unique users, among other data. The data collected is used
                        to analyze how to get to know FXSTREET, how many users return, which are the most visited pages,
                        etc. This information is acquired through the IP of the users, which does not allow any personal
                        identification of each one. The data collected helps FXSTREET to understand which sections and
                        Forex information are of most interest to the public, thus being able to provide a better
                        service.
2. BEHAVIOUR ADVERTISING
FXSTREET uses cookies to understand what advertising may be more relevant to different users based
                    on the sections visited by each one and their geographical location. The cookie of a reliable ad
                    server is stored in the users' browsers to show the most relevant advertising to each visitor, both
                    in the pages of the company and on the websites of third parties. These cookies do not contain
                    personally identifiable information, they are totally anonymous. Without these cookies, the
                    advertisements shown to each user may not be related to their interests.
Types of cookies used by the company
FIRST-PARTY COOKIES:
These cookies are stored by FXSTREET. They are used to save the preferences of users within the
                    pages belonging to FXSTREET, for example:
Identify user registration data eliminating the need to identify each
                            time.
Identify the country of the user to suggest a specific language, with
                            data that may be of interest to you, and identify your telephone code in case of registering
                            on the Websites.
Identify user preferences and technical compatibility with FXSTREET
                            charts and quotes Avoid showing pop up ads more than once a week
Occasional cookies for specific actions, such as surveys
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES:
These cookies are stored by different services used in FXSTRET, for example:
Social networks
Feedback service on FXSTREET
Ad server
Identification of anonymous user activity
Control the performance of the web page
3. COOKIES EXPIRATION
Different cookies have different expiration dates. Some are weekly (eg, pop up ads), some have a
                    longer life (web page performance control).
How can users control or reject the use of cookies?
Users can choose not to store cookies in their browser at any time, bearing in mind that this
                    could affect the correct visualization of some tools, and general navigation. Users have full
                    control of the storage of cookies in their browsers. Some browsers allow to block all or only some
                    cookies. The preferences can be adjusted in the privacy settings of each browser: Chrome /
                    Firefox / Internet Explorer / Safari.
What happens if a user deactivates the storage of
                cookies?
Deactivating the storage of cookies can affect the optimal navigation of our website, since
                    some features would be disabled. Registered users would have to log in each visit and the pop-up ads
                    could also be shown again.
4. DELETION OF COOKIES
In case you would like to remove cookies on your internet browser, please follow these
                        instructions:
In Chrome:
At the top right of your Chrome browser, click More
At the top, choose a time range. To delete everything, select All
                                time.
Next to "Cookies and other site data" and "Cached images and files",
                                check the boxes.
Click Clear data.
Complete instructions for Chrome
In Safari:
Tap Settings > Safari > Clear History and Website Data.
Clearing your history, cookies, and browsing data from Safari won't change your AutoFill
                        information.
Complete instructions for Safari
In Internet Explorer
Select Tools > Internet Options.
Click on the General tab and then the Delete button
Make sure to uncheck Preserve Favorites website data and check both
                                Temporary Internet Files and Cookies then click Delete.
Complete instructions for Internet Explorer
In Firefox:
To delete cookies for one website:
Click the menu button and choose Options.
Select the Privacy & Security panel and go to the Cookies and
                                Site Data section.
Click the Manage Data… button. The Manage Cookies and Site
                                Data dialog will appear.
In the Search websites field, type the name of the site whose
                                cookies you want to remove. Items that match your search will be displayed.
To remove all cookies and storage data for the website, click Remove
                                All Shown.
To remove selected items, select an entry and click Remove Selected.
Click Save Changes.
In the Removing Cookies and Site Data confirmation dialog that
                                opens, click Remove.
Close the about: preferences page.
Complete instructions for Firefox
5. COOKIES POLICY UPDATES
The FXSTREET cookie use policy is susceptible to updates. FXSTREET advises users to
                        consult this policy whenever possible.
In the event that FXSTREET decides to modify this Privacy Policy to adapt it to new legal
                        requirements, we will immediately reflect those changes on the website provided that users know
                        at all times what kind of information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we
                        publish it.
6. SPAM
FXSTREET is not dedicated to mass mailing, or "spam". Spam is the sending of unwanted emails,
                        usually of a commercial nature, in large quantities and repeatedly, to people with whom the
                        sender has had no prior contact or who does not wish to receive such messages.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third-party
                        websites (including Google) to users who have previously visited FXStreet.com, through the use
                        of cookies. These ads can be shown on the Search Network page, or on the Google Display Network.
Third-party providers, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's
                    previous visits to the FXSTREET website. The data collected will be used in accordance with the
                    privacy policies of FXSTREET and Google.
Users can set preferences about the ads that Google shows them through the Google Ad Preferences
                        page, or choose not to participate in the interest ad network by changing cookie settings.
7. IP ADDRESSES
FXSTREET uploads the IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, in order to
                        optimize the management of the system and avoid possible problems. We do not use IP address
                        records to track your session or your behavior on this Website. IP addresses are used to collect
                        general traffic information. We will never try to identify individual users through their IP
                        addresses.
8. LINKS TO OTHER WEBPAGES
This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website, excluding any external website to which
                        we can link contents believing that they may be of interest to our visitors. Our intention is to
                        guarantee that all these external links are to quality pages. However, given the nature of the
                        Internet, we cannot guarantee the quality of all linked web pages or take responsibility for
                        their content.
In the event that FXSTREET decides to modify this Privacy Policy to adapt it to new legal requirements,
                we will immediately reflect those changes on the website provided that users know at all times what kind
                of information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we publish it.
Basic Information
COMPANY
FOREXSTREET, S.L.
PURPOSE
1. Provide the information or services that you request.
2. To be able to send our newsletters and to carry out informative and
                                        advertising communications of our products and services, even by electronic
                                        means.
LEGITIMATION
Consent of the interested party.
RECIPIENTS
No data will be transferred to third parties except legal obligation.
RIGHTS
Access, rectify and delete data, as well as other rights, as explained in the following
                                Privacy Policy.
1. PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION POLICIES
The controller for the processing of the personal data that the user provides when accessing and
                    using the website is FOREXSTREET S.L.U., as the owner, whose registered office is located at
                    Portaferrissa Street, No. 7, 1º 2ª, Barcelona, with CIF B62498233 and registered in the
                    Commercial Register of Barcelona, Volume 33351, Folio 135, Sheet B230633, telephone number
                    933040495, fax 933040498, hereinafter referred to as FXStreet.
FXStreet informs users of its website through this Privacy Policy about the processing and
                    protection policies of personal data that may be collected during their navigation or contracting of
                    services provided through this portal. The use of this website by the user implies full acceptance
                    of this Privacy Policy.
FXStreet adopts the necessary measures to ensure the security, integrity, and confidentiality of
                    data in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
                    the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of
                    personal data and on the free movement of such data, and in that which is not provided for by it,
                    Organic Law 3/2018 of 5 December on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights,
                    Royal Decree 1720/2007 of 21 December, which approves the Regulation implementing Organic Law on
                    Data Protection, and Law 34/2002, of 11 July, on Services of the Information Society and Electronic
                    Commerce.
Personal data of each user necessary for the management and maintenance of some of the services
                    provided are collected and processed through the registration forms on this website or by sending an
                    email, among other services that may be offered by FXStreet, and such processing is governed by this
                    Privacy Policy.
FXStreet undertakes to apply the computer security measures provided for in the aforementioned
                    regulations, with the aim of preventing unauthorized access or use of data, their manipulation,
                    deterioration or loss.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the information you provide us when, for example, the data provided when you create or
                    modify your account, register to use our Site, purchase products or services through our platform,
                    request information, communicate with customer service, or communicate with us in general. Such
                    information may include, among others:
name
address
gender
age
email address
phone number
financial and statistical information
data from your identity document or passport
3. DURATION OF DATA STORAGE
As the responsible party for the processing, FXStreet undertakes to store and manage the personal
                    data and information collected through this website with due confidentiality for as long as the
                    professional relationship continues and the interested party does not request its deletion, and in
                    accordance with the periods indicated below:
The data for managing the relationship with the user and billing and collection of services
                            will be kept for the entire duration of the contract. Once this relationship has ended, if
                            applicable, the data may be kept for the time required by applicable legislation and until
                            any liabilities’ time limits arising from the contract have expired.
Data for managing inquiries and requests will be kept for the time necessary to respond to
                            them, and once they have been answered, for a maximum period of one year.
Data related to comments on our products will be kept during the validity and advertising of
                            the products or services to which they refer unless you express your desire for them to be
                            deleted at any time.
Data for sending commercial communications and creating commercial profiles of our products
                            or services will be kept indefinitely until, if applicable, you express your desire to have
                            them deleted.
Curriculum Vitae data for selection processes will be kept for one year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the data controller may keep, duly blocked, the data to
                            attend to possible administrative or jurisdictional responsibilities during the periods
                            required by applicable regulations.
Likewise, FXStreet may proceed after the maximum data storage period to anonymize and group the data
                    for subsequent statistical and profiling analyses. These analyses will not allow the
                    re-identification of the affected subjects.
4. PURPOSE OF DATA PROCESSING
The operations, management, and technical procedures, whether performed in an automated or
                    non-automated manner, that enable the collection, storage, modification, transfer, and other actions
                    on personal data are considered to be the processing of personal data.
At FXStreet, we process the personal data that the user provides to us for the provision of services
                    offered by the platform, including among others the following:
Service provision: The data of registered users will be processed in order to provide the service,
                    obtain payments, issue invoices, as well as load and send documents that may be necessary, and to
                    verify subscription to the service. Likewise, such data may be affected by internal auditing
                    functions of the service.
Profiling: The data provided by the user, as well as their actions on the platform, may be used to
                    create a profile that FXStreet can use to offer personalized content, products, and services.
Contact with the user and/or support: User data will be used to provide the service and resolve
                    reported incidents. Requesting technical support may require accessing other data related to the
                    notifying user, depending on the nature of the incident.
Sending commercial information and promotions: User data may be used to notify new functions
                    incorporated into the system, as well as commercial information about the services offered by
                    FXStreet, including, among others, discounts and other offers.
Security audits: Data on the use of FXStreet services may be internally analyzed to detect potential
                    fraud and violations of the service's Terms and Conditions, as well as to carry out treatments
                    required by law.
Statistics: Usage profiles may be analyzed by FXStreet to study behavior and preferences, with the
                    aim of improving the user experience and its services.
Integration with third-party services: FXStreet may process data from its users to provide access to
                    applications integrated with the service, such as automated and/or direct sending of data
                    incorporated into the platform to third-party applications.
Other purposes: FXStreet's use of the user's personal data for purposes other than those indicated
                    in this privacy policy will require informing the user and, if applicable, obtaining their consent.
Selection: Evaluate and manage, where appropriate, your Curriculum Vitae for selection processes
                    that fit your professional profile and carry out the necessary actions for the selection and hiring
                    of personnel.
Likewise, said data will be processed for subsequent anonymization and grouping for the purpose of
                    statistically analyzing trends and profiling groups to improve the services offered by FXStreet.
All fields in the forms must be completed for FXStreet to fulfill the purposes mentioned above. In
                    the case of optional fields in a form, they will be expressly indicated.
The user may object to the sending of commercial communications at any time by sending an email to
                    the address indicated above, or through the corresponding section in the user profile of the
                    platform offered by FXStreet.
In addition to specific treatments according to the service you request, FXStreet may store the IP
                    address of users' devices, only for technical and security reasons, and therefore, based on the
                    legitimate interest of safeguarding the integrity and security of the service.
5. LEGAL FOR DATA PROCESSING
The processing of personal data provided by the user is based on the following legal bases that
                    legitimize it:
Through the completion of forms on the Web, participation in selection procedures, or by
                            sending emails or any other type of information request sent to FXStreet, the interested
                            party provides their express consent for the processing of their personal data. Likewise,
                            with regard to the provision of the service indicated in the previous section, FXStreet will
                            process your personal data for the execution of the subscription contract for the service.
Likewise, your data may be used based on the legitimate interest in promoting our services
                            and disseminating our brand through marketing actions, provided that such interest does not
                            prevail over fundamental rights and freedoms that require the protection of personal data.
When a user joins Telegram groups managed by FXStreet, the interested party provides their
                            express consent for the processing of their personal data, including their use for marketing
                            activities, in this case, limited to receiving publications made in the channel they have
                            joined, without being used individually for personalization of the received advertising, or
                            the use of private messages to send such content, without prejudice to the identification of
                            promoted third-party services.
This consent will be understood as free, specific, informed, and unequivocal since, after
                            reading this Privacy Policy, the user is informed and, if they agree, can accept it through
                            a declaration or a clear affirmative action, such as marking a checkbox provided for this
                            purpose or joining groups in instant messaging applications from the client installed on
                            their chosen device.
In no case will FXStreet use the personal data of interested parties for purposes other than
                            those mentioned above, and undertakes to keep due professional secrecy and to establish the
                            necessary technical and organizational measures to safeguard the information provided by its
                            users.
6. APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES FOR DATA PROCESSING
In the processing of the personal data of its users, FXStreet will apply the following principles
                    that comply with the requirements of the new European data protection regulation:
Principle of lawfulness, fairness, and transparency: Your consent will always be required
                            for the processing of personal data, specifying one or more purposes that will be previously
                            informed with absolute transparency.
Principle of data minimization: Only the strictly necessary data for the purposes required
                            will be requested. Likewise, in the case of optional additional data that may allow for
                            greater personalization of the service, their optional nature will be expressly indicated.
Principle of limitation of storage period: Data will be stored for no longer than necessary
                            for the purposes of the processing.
Principle of integrity and confidentiality: Your data will be processed in a way that
                            ensures adequate security and guarantees confidentiality.
7. DATA COMMUNICATION
In general, FXStreet will not communicate this personal data to third parties, except when providing
                    a service requires a contractual relationship with a data processor and it is strictly necessary to
                    manage and maintain the relationship between the user and said company, such as financial entities
                    through which payment management is carried out. This will only be done for the time necessary to
                    enable the execution of the processing contract, and under the same conditions and with the same
                    responsibilities required of the controller.
On the other hand, third parties who have a legal or contractual obligation with FXStreet to provide
                    access to this personal data will have the right to access it, including, for example, the Ombudsman
                    and Judges and Courts interested in related proceedings with submitted claims, as well as other
                    competent Public Administrations, in cases provided by law and for the purposes defined therein.
8. RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTIES
The user may exercise at any time, under the terms established by current legislation, the rights to
                    access, rectifier or deletion of data, request the restriction of processing of their personal data,
                    object to it, request the portability of their data, as well as revoke the consent given, rights
                    recognized in the aforementioned Regulation (EU). The user may exercise these rights by contacting
                    FXStreet at the address of its registered office indicated above; by sending an email to the
                    following address
privacy@fxstreet.com
or to the postal
                    address c/Portaferrisa 7 08002 Barcelona, Spain.
Interested parties may access their personal data, obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal
                    data concerning them is being processed, as well as request the rectification of inaccurate data or,
                    where appropriate, request its deletion when, among other reasons, the data is no longer necessary
                    for the purposes for which it was collected. Under certain circumstances, interested parties may
                    request the restriction of the processing of their data, in which case it will only be kept for the
                    exercise or defense of claims that may arise.
Interested parties may also object to the processing of their data. In this case, FXStreet will stop
                    processing the data, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of
                    possible claims.
As an interested party, you have the right to receive the personal data that concerns you, in a
                    structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and to transmit them to another data
                    controller when:
The processing is based on consent.
The data has been provided by the interested party.
The processing is carried out by automated means.
When exercising your right to data portability, you will have the right to have personal
                            data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible.
Regarding treatments based on user consent, you can withdraw such consent at any time. However,
                    withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out under your
                    consent before its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of the processing we continue to
                    carry out under any other legal basis.
For the effective exercise of these rights, the user must prove their identity by providing their
                    name and surname, a photocopy of their ID or equivalent identifying document that proves their
                    identity, a request that specifies the request, an address for notifications, and the date and
                    signature of the requester.
Likewise, the user may file a complaint with the Spanish Data
                Protection Agency (the competent supervisory authority in this matter), especially when they have not
                obtained satisfaction in the exercise of their rights, by sending a letter to the following address:
                C/Jorge Juan, nº 6, 28001 - Madrid, or through the website:
https://www.agpd.es
9. RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
By using this website, you acknowledge and agree that you have the right to request that your
                    personal data be erased or forgotten in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you wish
                    to exercise this right, please contact us using the contact information provided on our website.
We will consider all requests for erasure or forgotten data in accordance with applicable laws and
                    regulations. In some cases, we may be required to retain certain data for legal or regulatory
                    reasons. If we are unable to comply with your request for erasure or forgotten data, we will inform
                    you of the reasons for our inability to do so.
Please note that the right to be forgotten is not an absolute right, and may be limited in certain
                    circumstances. For example, we may be required to retain certain data for legal or regulatory
                    reasons, or to exercise or defend legal claims. Additionally, erasure or forgotten data may not be
                    possible if it is necessary for the performance of a contract or service that you have requested.
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that any personal data that is retained is accurate and
                    up-to-date. You have the right to request that any inaccurate data be corrected or updated.
We may update these terms and conditions from time to time. Any changes will be posted on our
                    website, and your continued use of our website will be deemed acceptance of any updated terms and
                    conditions.
By using our website, you agree to the terms and conditions set out in this section on the right to
                    be forgotten.
10. DATA BREACHES
We take the security of your personal information very seriously and have implemented measures to
                    protect against unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure. In the event of a data breach, we
                    will take appropriate steps to notify affected users and authorities as required by law.
If we become aware of a data breach that compromises the security of your personal information, we
                    will take steps to investigate the breach and mitigate any harm. This may include notifying affected
                    users, updating our security measures, and cooperating with law enforcement agencies.
We are not responsible for any harm or damages resulting from a data breach that is beyond our
                    control, including but not limited to attacks by malicious third parties or natural disasters.
                    However, we will take all reasonable measures to prevent and mitigate any potential breaches.
By using our services, you acknowledge that no method of transmission over the internet or
                    electronic storage is 100% secure, and you agree to assume any risk associated with the security of
                    your personal information.
11. DATA TRANSFER OUTSIDE EU
In the course of providing our services, we may transfer your personal data to our affiliates or
                    third-party service providers located outside of the European Union (EU) or the European Economic
                    Area (EEA), where data protection laws may not be as comprehensive as those within the EU or EEA. In
                    such cases, we will ensure that the transfer is lawful and that appropriate safeguards are in place
                    to protect your personal data, such as standard contractual clauses approved by the European
                    Commission, binding corporate rules, or other adequate measures.
By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your personal data outside of the EU or EEA,
                    as described in this clause. If you have any questions or concerns about this data transfer, please
                    contact us at contact@fxstreet.com . We will take all reasonable steps to address your concerns and
                    ensure that your personal data is adequately protected.
International Data Transfers
As part of our use of cookies and similar technologies, certain personal data collected through our website may be transferred to and processed outside the European Economic Area (EEA), specifically to the United States and Spain. This includes data transfers to service providers such as Hotjar, Google Analytics, LinkedIn, Azure, Cloudflare, DoubleClick, YouTube, and Typeform.
Data Recipients and Involved Countries:
The data may be accessed by our service providers listed above, primarily located in the United States, a country that does not offer an equivalent level of data protection as the EEA. However, transfers to Typeform are carried out within Spain, ensuring adequate protection under GDPR regulations.
Legal Basis for Transfer:
The transfer of personal data to third countries is based on provisions established by each of the service providers, who must ensure appropriate protection measures and compliance with the standards required by GDPR. These measures include, among others, standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
Nature of the Transferred Data:
The types of personal data transferred include browsing history, data related to security, and enhancement of the browsing speed of our website.
Purpose of the Transfer:
The transfers are made with the objective of facilitating essential operations and functionalities of our website, including analysis and improvements to the user experience, optimization of security and loading speed, and provision of interactive features.
Data Protection Measures:
Each of our service providers is responsible for implementing appropriate measures to protect personal data as stipulated by current data protection regulations. We recommend our users review the privacy policies of these providers to understand the specific measures adopted.
1. COOKIE LIST
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks
                your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language
                preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use
                third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you
                are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and
                other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned
                identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and
                information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to
                recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes
                presented here.
Illustrations
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from
                        your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might
                        need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to
                        recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app
                you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been)
                interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
Illustrations
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users
                        living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related
                        content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose
                        non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for
                        its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and
                        professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for
                        instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been
                        presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
PopupAd_roadblocks
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
First Party
This cookie hide/show the main ad roadblock.
GoogleAdServingTest
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
First Party
This cookie is used to determine what ads have been shown to the
                            website visitor.
UserMatchHistory
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
First Party
This cookie is used to track visitors so that more relevant ads
                            can be presented based on the visitor's preferences.
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be
                stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous
                activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or
                improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile
                can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible
                interests by this and other entities.
Illustrations
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be
                        used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or
                        improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for
                        a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury
                        car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to
                        refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch
                        with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end
                        supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be
                        assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present
                        advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can
                reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you
                look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
Illustrations
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target
                        advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking
                        technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult
                        running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike
                        accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories
                        on a mobile app of another organisation.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
__gads
fxstreet.com
1 Year
First Party
This cookie is associated with the DoubleClick for Publishers
                            service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site, for which
                            the owner may earn some revenue.
__gpi
fxstreet.com
1 Year
First Party
Display of personalized advertisements in the Google advertising
                            network based on your pseudonymized surfing behavior collected via Google. Measuring and
                            optimizing the success of our Google Ads advertising campaigns.
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content
                you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity
                on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a
                profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your
                profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible
                interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for
                you to find content that matches your interests.
Illustrations
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This
                        information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as
                        well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so
                        that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood
                        cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news
                        platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour,
                        marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
_hjTLDTest
fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
When the Hotjar script executes we try to determine the most
                            generic cookie path we should use, instead of the page hostname. This is done so that
                            cookies can be shared across subdomains (where applicable). To determine this, we try to
                            store the _hjTLDTest cookie for different URL substring alternatives until it fails. After
                            this check, the cookie is removed.
_hjSession_484330
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
A cookie that holds the current session data. This ensues that
                            subsequent requests within the session window will be attributed to the same Hotjar session.
_hjSessionUser_484330
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Hotjar cookie that is set when a user first lands on a page with
                            the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the
                            browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed
                            to the same user ID.
_hjSession_484330
fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
A cookie that holds the current session data. This ensues that
                            subsequent requests within the session window will be attributed to the same Hotjar session.
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is used by HotJar to detect the first pageview session
                            of a user. This is a True/False flag set by the cookie.
_hjFirstSeen
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Identifies a new user's first session on a website, indicating
                            whether or not Hotjar's seeing this user for the first time.
_hjFirstSeen
fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Identifies a new user's first session on a website, indicating
                            whether or not Hotjar's seeing this user for the first time.
_hjSession_1846646
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
A cookie that holds the current session data. This ensues that
                            subsequent requests within the session window will be attributed to the same Hotjar session.
__utmc
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics
                            service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site
                            performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the
                            older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used
                            in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning
                            visitors.
When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is
                            destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is
                            therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
_hjTLDTest
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
When the Hotjar script executes we try to determine the most
                            generic cookie path we should use, instead of the page hostname. This is done so that
                            cookies can be shared across subdomains (where applicable). To determine this, we try to
                            store the _hjTLDTest cookie for different URL substring alternatives until it fails. After
                            this check, the cookie is removed.
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is used by HotJar to detect the first pageview session
                            of a user. This is a True/False flag set by the cookie.
_hjSessionUser_484330
fxstreet.com
1 Year
Third Party
Hotjar cookie that is set when a user first lands on a page with
                            the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the
                            browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed
                            to the same user ID.
_hjSessionUser_1846646
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Hotjar cookie that is set when a user first lands on a page with
                            the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the
                            browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed
                            to the same user ID.
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_484330
fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Set to determine if a user is included in the data sampling
                            defined by your site’s daily session limit.
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_1846646
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Set to determine if a user is included in the data sampling
                            defined by your site’s daily session limit.
_hjCookieTest
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_484330
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Set to determine if a user is included in the data sampling
                            defined by your site’s daily session limit.
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which
                can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you
                look at), possible interests and personal aspects, such as by adapting the order in which content is
                shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your
                interests.
Illustrations
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of
                        an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to
                        present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing
                        platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use
                        your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to
                        watch online videos.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
bscookie
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the
                            use of embedded services.
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to
                determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising
                were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy
                a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising
                campaigns.
Illustrations
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online
                        shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this
                        purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on
                        the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international
                        appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The
                        publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app,
                        and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by
                        you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise
                        ad placements.
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to
                determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your
                interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a
                product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very
                helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
Illustrations
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a
                        recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial
                        hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post.
                        This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to
                        place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching
                        after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on
                        fashion trends.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from
                different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market
                research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or
                (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target
                audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
Illustrations
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors
                        who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity
                        autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each
                        category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is
                        then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It
                        calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the
                        ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This
                        comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts
                        through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
__utma
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics
                            service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site
                            performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and
                            sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is
                            updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be
                            customised by website owners.
_ga
fxstreet.com
1 Year
Third Party
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics -
                            which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie
                            is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client
                            identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor,
                            session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire
                            after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
__utmt
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their
                            documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the
                            collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
__utmb
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics
                            service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site
                            performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes.
                            The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user
                            within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and
                            then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a
                            returning visitor.
_ga_xxxxxxxxxx
fxstreet.com
1 Year
Third Party
This cookie is used to store and count pageviews.
__utmz
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics
                            service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance.
                            This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site
                            owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6
                            months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
0 Days
Third Party
This cookies is used to store and track visits across websites.
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be
                very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user
                interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or
                improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Illustrations
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app
                        users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile
                        connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and
                        that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects
                        information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether
                        it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
SERVERID
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Usually used for load balancing. Identifies the server that
                            delivered the last page to the browser. Associated with the HAProxy Load Balancer software.
ASP.NET_SessionId
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written
                            with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies. Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session
                            by the server.
Calendar_AB_Test
www.fxstreet.com
1 Year
First Party
This cookie save the test option visible to the user into the
                            calendar section.
INGRESSCOOKIE
push-minorapi.fxstreet.com
0 Days
First Party
ARRAffinity
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud
                            platform. It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to
                            the same server in any browsing session.
UserSessionId
www.fxstreet.com
1 Year
First Party
ARRAffinity
push-api.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud
                            platform. It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to
                            the same server in any browsing session.
ARRAffinitySameSite
push-api.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
ARRAffinitySameSite
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
__cf_bm
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
"The __cf_bm cookie is a cookie necessary to support Cloudflare
                            Bot Management, currently in private beta. As part of our bot management service, this
                            cookie helps manage incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots.
This
                            is a CloudFoundry cookie"
__cf_bm
onesignal.com
0 Days
Third Party
This is a CloudFoundry cookie
__cf_bm
coingecko.com
0 Days
Third Party
This is a CloudFoundry cookie
__gpi
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Display of personalized advertisements in the Google advertising
                            network based on your pseudonymized surfing behavior collected via Google. Measuring and
                            optimizing the success of our Google Ads advertising campaigns.
test_cookie
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to
                            determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences
                            for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is
                            using the new or old version of the Youtube interface.
IDE
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business
                            activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
tf_respondent_cc
typeform.com
6 Months
Third Party
IDE
doubleclick.net
1 Year
Third Party
This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business
                            activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
youtube.com
5 Months
Third Party
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of
                            videos
AWSALBTG
form.typeform.com
6 Days
Third Party
The cookies is used to provide load balancing functionality.
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
youtube.com
5 Months
Third Party
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos.
                            YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with
                            profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web
                            visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
CONSENT
youtube.com
1 Year
Third Party
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos.
                            YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with
                            profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web
                            visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
attribution_user_id
typeform.com
1 Year
Third Party
YSC
youtube.com
0 Days
Third Party
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos.
                            YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with
                            profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web
                            visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
AWSALBTGCORS
form.typeform.com
6 Days
Third Party
The cookies is used to provide load balancing functionality.
AWSALBTGCORS
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
The cookies is used to provide load balancing functionality.
AWSALBTG
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
The cookies is used to provide load balancing functionality.
cometdStreamingSupported
www.fxstreet.com
0 Days
Third Party
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you
                are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been)
                interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
Illustrations
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed
                        by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts
                        are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise
                        location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than
                        the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent
                        football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing
                        the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to
                        select a shorter video to play next.
Cookies
Host
Lifespan
Cookies used
Description
SubscribedTopCalendarEvents
www.fxstreet.com
1 Year
First Party
This cookie is used to select the content in Calendar section when
                            user is subscribed to most important events.