PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy identifies the personally identifying information that we collect about you when you use the mScorecard application and the website www.mscorecard.com ("Service").
The Service is owned and operated by Velocor Ltd, Ritokalliontie, 00330 Helsinki, Finland. Any and all use and processing of your personally identifiable information by Velocor is governed by the laws of Finland 
       and the European Community (EU) and this Privacy Policy.
By using our Service, you consent to our privacy policy. The Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by posting 
       a new Privacy Policy on our website.
Personal Information
We collect the following information:
Registration information. When you register with us through the mobile application or website, we ask you for certain information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, including name, email address, 
      password, address, gender.
Player profile data. You can add one or more players in the Service. For each player we collect the following data: player name, photo, gender, handicap, handicap system, home golf club and membership information.
Golf round data. Scores, putts, golf course, round date, shot details, sidegame information, statistics and round comments.
Location information. If you have activated the location features, we use your location information for the following purposes. When searching for golf courses on our site or on our mobile application, your location 
       information may be sent to our servers in order to provide you with the golf courses nearest you. You can also store the location of your shots to track shot distances. You can deactivate these features at any time 
      and stop collecting this information.
Use of the collected personal information
We use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
- to provide the Service and enhance the experience of using the Service
- to personalize the Service for you
- to respond to your questions and support requests
- to display your name and photo to other users, if you have allowed that in the user preferences
- to send you information about product updates and newsletters about the Service that may be of interest to you. You can unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions 
    provided in email
- to display targeted advertisments on our website or mobile app
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. 
      We use cookies to remember your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic 
      and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie 
      from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all of the functionality of the Service.
Analytics
We use third party analytics solution to help us track and understand how visitors use our Service, to help us improve the performance and user experience of the Service
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us and we have no control over and assume 
      no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Business Transfers
We may transfer the information we have collected from you in the course of a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding.
Children's privacy
We do not knowingly collect any personal data from people under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 is attempting to use the Services, we will inform the minor that he or she is ineligible to do so. 
      We will then remove the minor's information from our records.
Deletion of personal data
You can request deletion of your account and personal data by sending a request via email to support@mscorecard.com or 
      submitting the contact form at https://www.mscorecard.com/mscorecard/contact.php.
Contact Information
All questions and concerns about your privacy can be sent to support@mscorecard.com.