Privacy Statement
Last updated:
September 8th, 2023
Introduction
Elite respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Website
www.elite.com
(our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Statement applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through applications (including mobile applications) that link to this Privacy Statement.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Statement.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or through our Website.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to our Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:
Name and contact information, such as postal address, email address, telephone number, and social media user ID ("personal information").
Account information, such as Account ID, User ID, account profile, settings and preferences, purchase history, subscriptions, and registrations.
Security Information, such as user credentials (username and password) and similar security information, individual network activity in security and audit logs.
Billing and payment information, such as payment and payment card information or bank account information, billing contact details, and bill to information.
User contributions and user content, such as personal information in content and communications uploaded, sent, shared, or inputted through our services or via our networks and infrastructure, including feedback you provide to us and the content of communications between you and us or sent via our network and services.
Device and browser information, such as network and internet service provider (ISP) information, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, device and browser identifiers, device and browser information, advertising identifiers, cookie/tracker identifiers and related information.
Usage and browsing information, such as usage, search, and browsing history, user journey history (including clicks, navigation, user actions, interactions, and session replays), usage and diagnostics analytics and metrics, including on our Services and on our internal networks and corporate devices by employees, contractors, and site visitors.
Location data, such as region, country, state, and coarse and precise geolocation data.
Inferences from personal information, such as profiles reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
When you or others upload, share, send, or input that information through our Website or networks, or when you or they communicate with us.
Automatically as you navigate through our Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence, if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website.
Your search queries on our Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of our Website, or transmitted to other users of our Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including communication data and the resources that you access and use on our Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your services, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
To develop new products, services, content, and other offerings.
To operate, improve, and/or personalize our services, corporate networks and related infrastructure.
To monitor the usage of our services, corporate networks and devices, and related infrastructure.
To audit usage of our services, corporate networks and devices, and related infrastructure.
Ensure the security of our services, corporate networks and devices, and related infrastructure.
Detect fraud and abuse, including for our services, corporate networks and devices, and related infrastructure.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
For other purposes as required by or permitted by law.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please send us an email with your request to
privacy@elite.com
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Statement:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or the safety of our company, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending us an email with your request to
privacy@elite.com
.
Promotional Offers.
If you do not wish to have your contact information used by us to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email with your request to
privacy@elite.com
.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the
NAI's website
.
Residents of certain states, such as California, Nevada, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah may have additional personal information rights and choices.
Your State Privacy Rights
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. To learn more about California residents' privacy rights, visit
Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Consumers
. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our products that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to:
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose.
Opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Nevada provides its residents with a limited right to opt-out of certain personal information sales.
To exercise any of your state privacy rights please send an email to
privacy@elite.com
. To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request please mail Elite at 675 3
rd
Avenue, 10
th
Floor, New York, NY 10017.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Website.
Storage of Personal Information
We are a global organization so your personal information may be transferred outside of your home country and may be stored in and accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. When you interact with us, you authorize us to transfer your personal information outside of your home country and you acknowledge the risk that we may transfer your personal information to countries that may provide less protection than your home country’s privacy laws and we may not be able to prevent government authorities in some countries from accessing your personal information.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information as required by our enterprise records retention schedule, which varies by service, business function, country, record classes, and record types. We calculate the retention period based upon the time the personal information is needed to: (a) fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, (b) meet the timelines required or recommended by regulators, professional bodies, or associations, (c) comply with applicable laws, legal holds, and other legal obligations (including contractual obligations), and (d) comply with your requests.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Statement at any time, for any reason. We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Statement by updating the “Last Updated” date and posting the updated Privacy Statement on this page. If there are any differences between the English version of this Privacy Statement and a version translated in another language, the English version controls.
Contact Information
Any comments, complaints, or questions regarding this Privacy Statement may be emailed to
privacy@elite.com
or mailed to Elite at 675 3
rd
Avenue, 10
th
Floor, New York, NY 10017.
Free demo
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.elite.com/supplemental-privacy-statement-for-california-consumers/:
Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Consumers Under CCPA/CPRA
Last updated:
September 8th, 2023
This Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Consumers Under CCPA/CPRA (“California Statement”) supplements our
Elite Privacy Statement
and further explains required disclosures about how we collect, disclose, and sell the personal information of California consumers and the rights that California consumers may have under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA/CPRA”) where we act as a business under CCPA/CPRA.
When we use the term “personal information” in this California Statement, we are using that term as CCPA/CPRA defines it, which generally means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. However, personal information does not include publicly available, deidentified, or aggregate consumer information (which are all defined in CCPA/CPRA).
In general, the categories of personal information we collect, sources of that information, business and commercial purposes for why we collect and use it, and who we share it with, as well as our personal information retention practices, are as outlined in our
Elite Privacy Statement
.
California law, however, requires we restate some of this information for specific categories that are defined in CCPA/CPRA. The type of personal information we collect and how we handle that personal information, including if we share or sell that personal information, depends on how you are specifically interacting with us and which Services you are inquiring about. In general, we have collected, disclosed for a business purpose, and sold the following categories of personal information and sensitive personal information from California consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Categories of Personal Information Sold
If you are a California consumer, you may have one or more of the following rights under CCPA/CPRA:
Right to confirm we process your personal information and, if so, to request we disclose to you: (1) the categories of personal information we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information; and (5) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to access (which may include a portable copy), correct, complete, or delete specific pieces of personal information we hold about you.
Right to limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
Right to opt-out of the sale of personal information, as sale is defined under CCPA/CPRA.
Right to opt-out of the sharing of personal information, as sharing is defined under CCPA/CPRA.
Right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights under CCPA/CPRA
Additionally, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you the right to request information regarding the personal information about you we disclose to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Requesting Your Rights as a California Consumer
To make a request, you can email us at
privacy@elite.com
.
Please provide us enough information to verify your identify. We will use information you provide to us to verify your request. If we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process, such as, for example, a copy of your driver’s license and/or a recent utility or credit card bill. You can designate an agent to make a request on your behalf by either:
1. having your agent send us a letter, signed by you, certifying that the agent is acting on your behalf and showing proof that they are registered with the California Secretary of State; or
2. by you and the agent executing and sending us a notarized power of attorney stating that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf.
Please note that we may still require you to verify your identity before we process a request submitted by your agent.
IMPORTANT:
These rights are not absolutely guaranteed and there are several exceptions where we may not have an obligation to fulfill your request. We are only required to honor these rights to the extent that we act as a business/controller under CCPA/CPRA and the requested rights have been granted and apply to you under CCPA/CPRA. Please consult CCPA/CPRA to determine what rights may be available to you and when access to these rights is limited. You may appeal an adverse decision on your requests by mailing us at Elite at 666 Third Avenue, Suite 0600, New York, NY 10172; and you have the right to lodge a complaint to the California Attorney General if you are not satisfied with our responses to your requests or how we manage your personal information. However, we encourage you to first contact us so we can address your concerns directly.
This California Statement was last updated on September 8th, 2023
Free demo
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label