We will collect
no personal information
about you when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does
not
identify you personally. We automatically collect and store
only
the following information about your visit:
The internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit;
If you linked to this web site from another web site, the address of that other web site.
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an e-mail to us, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested.
We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. Moreover, we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give this information to any private organizations. Nor do we collect information for commercial marketing.
We would share your e-mail with another federal government agency only if your inquiry related to that agency or if we were required to do so by law. In addition, we would release documents, including e-mails, if required to do so by a congressional or judicial subpoena.
Disclaimer
We may link to external sites that help us perform our mission or illustrate news reports. Links to external servers do not imply any official Agency endorsement of the opinions or ideas expressed therein, or guarantee the validity of the information provided. Links to commercial sites are in no way an endorsement of any vendor’s products or services.
Links will be provided to external servers that are managed in a professional manner (i.e., it is fully operational, is available most of the time, does not serve inaccurate information or obscene graphics, etc.). This server will not link to external servers if such a link would appear to provide an official endorsement of fundraising efforts or lobbying for a political agenda.
Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) have been conducted for USAGM FISMA systems as required by the E-Government Act of 2002.
TSI Privacy Information Enclave PIA_2021
(PDF, 1.03 MB)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.usagm.gov/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/USAGM-PIA-for-Privacy-Information-Enclave.pdf:
