Manything home security camera app with cloud DVR
VIEW
Visit
Videoloft.com
if you’re looking for cloud video software for professional CCTV systems.
Privacy Policy
In order to provide the Manything service, we sometimes need to collect information about
                you. This Privacy Policy explains:
what information we may collect about you
how we use that information
whether we'll disclose your details to anyone else
the use of cookies on the Manything website
The data controller/processor is Videoloft Ltd whose address is 18C Mallams Court, 18 Park Drive, 
                Milton Park, Abingdon, OX14 4RP, United Kingdom and email address support@manything.com.
What information will Manything collect about me?
When you create an account using the Manything Apple
or Android
app, you need to provide a unique username. 
                We encourage you to use your email address as your user name because (1) it is unique (2) it means you can 
                receive alert emails when motion is detected by one of your cameras or when your camera has a problem such 
                as running low on battery and (3) sending us an email from the address which matches your username is the 
                only way we have to guarantee that you are the owner of the account.
By submitting your details, you enable Manything (and, if applicable, its contractors) to provide you with the products, services or 
                activities you select. Manything may also collect a range of information about the way you use the service, including without 
                limitation device settings, app settings and usage. For example, Manything collects the names of your devices, so that it can 
                show you a meaningful list of cameras to view.
Where users are adding professional CCTV cameras to their account (as opposed to using spare smartphones or tablets as cameras), 
                the Manything app will scan the local network and return information about devices on your network to our servers, this is so 
                our system can discover your available professional CCTV cameras and add them to your account. We will only store data for the 
                professional CCTV cameras you choose to add to your account.
Manything may also use cookies (see below for details) and collect IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can sometimes uniquely 
                identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) from visitors to the Manything website.
We do not collect or store personal information concerned with payment such as credit card numbers – all payments are processed 
                and handled by our payment processors, currently
Paypal,
Apple
, Google and Amazon
.
Under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you remain the owner and data controller of your personal video data. Where we store 
                the data we act as data processor. We will only view your video data in 2 scenarios:
With your express permission, for example if we are resolving a particular technical problem we might seek your permission to view it.
As may be required as part of sharing the information with someone else in accordance with the strict restrictions set out below.
How will Manything use the information they collect about me?
Manything will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
to provide our service and to deal with your requests and enquiries;
for "service administration purposes", which means that Manything may contact you for reasons
                    related to the service you have signed up for (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to
                    notify you that a particular product, service or activity will be suspended for maintenance);
to contact you about a submission you have made, including any content you provide;
to provide you with information about our services, products or activities;
to personalise the way the Manything service is presented to you;
to use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the
                    number of visits from different countries and
to analyse and improve the Manything service and provide you with the most user-friendly
                    experience.
What is the legal basis for our processing your personal data?
Our processing of personal data will satisfy at least one of the following processing conditions:
Consent – you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes. 
                        You have the right to withdraw consent at any time but this will not affect the lawfulness 
                        of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
Necessary for performance of a contract - The processing is necessary for the performance of a 
                        contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. 
                        Where this ground applies the provision of the information is a contractual requirement and 
                        if you fail to provide it we will be unable to provide the services that you have requested;
Legal obligation - The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
Vital interests - The processing is necessary in order to protect your or another 
                        person’s vital interests, e.g. in medical emergencies;
Public functions - The processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out 
                        in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
Legitimate interests - The processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a 
                        third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms 
                        which require protection of personal data. Legitimate interests include transfer of data for internal 
                        administrative purposes, market research activities, direct marketing purposes, preventing fraud, ensuring 
                        network and information security and reporting criminal acts or threats to public security.
How long will we keep your Information?
We will generally keep your personal data until it is no longer required for the lawful purpose(s) for which it was 
                    obtained. If you consent to marketing, any information we use for this purpose will be kept by us until you 
                    notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Will Manything share my personal information with anyone else?
We may share your information with our advisers, suppliers, customers and partners as is necessary to ensure that you 
                are provided with the services you have requested. We will not share your information with any third parties for 
                reasons other than providing the services you have requested.
We collect information about you to provide your services, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other 
                products and services we think may be of interest to you. In providing our services, we may send your details to, 
                and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
Manything will keep your information confidential except where (i) disclosure is required or permitted by 
                law (for example to law enforcement agencies who require the information from us in a formal legal request or 
                pursuant to court orders or legal process), or (ii) we have your consent to disclose the information, or (iii) as 
                deemed necessary, in our reasonable discretion, to protect the legal rights or property of Manything or a 
                customer or third party, or to prevent personal injury, or (iv) in the event Manything is required to 
                transfer personally identifiable information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, 
                assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposal of all or part of its business, though any 
                new owner would be required to adopt the same protections.
Where is my data stored?
Any video you record using Manything is stored in the cloud, hosted by Amazon Web Services (AWS). The data center location is determined by proximity at the time of registration, with video stored in either AWS EU-WEST-1 (Dublin, Ireland) or AWS US-EAST-1 (N. Virginia, USA). Associated metadata is stored either in AWS, or in Wasabi Technologies storage, located in EU-WEST-1 (London, UK) or US-EAST-1 (N. Virginia, USA), depending on system requirements.
We may also share some personal data or usage data (not video) with the third parties below:
Some usage data, such as what features you have used in the app, is gathered and stored in Google Firebase. This data is 
                        used to analyse what our users are doing as a group in order to help us improve the service. It is not used to analyse 
                        what you are doing as an individual unless you contact us and ask us to investigate a problem that you have experienced.
If you send an email to our support team, your email is stored in a 3rd party system called “Help Scout”. 
                        Their privacy policy is here
https://www.helpscout.net/company/privacy/
We will send occasional emails about updates to the Manything pro service, we will 
                        use a 3rd party email client called “MailChimp” to send these emails. 
                        Their privacy policy is here:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
. You have the right to opt out of 
                        these emails, you can do so by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the emails.
Please note that this may include the transfer of your personal data to one or more countries outside the UK.
Deleting video & personal data
Your video is stored in the Manything cloud and it is automatically deleted after a number of days depending on your account level. 
                    Once deleted, the video cannot be recovered as no back-ups are stored.
If you have created a shared link to a clip or a motion event, the video behind that link is never automatically deleted. 
                    Links to shared clips or motion events will work until you un-share the link or delete your account.
If you delete a recording session on the Manything web site, all the video recorded in that session is immediately 
                    deleted and can never be recovered.However if you delete a motion event in the Manything app, no video is deleted. 
                    In fact, motion events deleted in this way can be recovered by the support team.
If you delete one of your devices on the Manything web site, all the video and database entries for that device are deleted 
                    immediately. However, the video behind any shared links for that device will not get deleted, so the links will continue to work.
If you delete your account, your email address is removed immediately from our database. This means that any error logs we store can 
                    no longer be tracked back to you individually. All of your video (including the video behind your shared links) will be deleted within 
                    48 hours. Also your device names and the titles and descriptions of your shared clips are removed from our database.
The exception to this rule are any clips that you have submitted to our public ‘Clip Chart’. These clips are not deleted even if you 
                    delete your account. If you have clips that you want removed from the Clip Chart, please contact us before you 
                    deleted your account.
Your right to be forgotten
In certain circumstances you have a right to be forgotten by Manything. We do not need to comply if the processing is 
                    necessary for rights of freedom of expression or information or for compliance with a legal obligation under law or 
                    in certain other limited circumstances permitted by applicable law.
The way to be forgotten is simply to delete your Manything account. All your video will get deleted within 2 days and your 
                    email address will be removed from our database, so there will be no way for us to link any server logs back to your account. 
                    We keep the server logs as ‘anonymized data’ so that we can analyze it to help us improve the service.
If you have sent any emails to our support team and you want these to be ‘forgotten’ please contact our support team.
Your right to extract your personal data
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you via a subject access request. If you would like a 
                    copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at
support@manything.com
, supplying an email address to 
                    which the information should be sent. We may use reasonable means to verify the identity of the person making the request. 
                    If we hold a large quantity of data, we may ask you to specify the information or processing activities to which the 
                    request relates. We will provide an electronic copy of the information free of charge but we may charge a reasonable, 
                    administrative-cost fee if further copies are requested. We will respond to subject access requests within a month. 
                    We can extend this by a further two months if the request is complex or if we have received a large number of requests. 
                    We can refuse to respond to the request if it is manifestly unfounded or excessive (or charge an administrative fee). 
                    We may refuse a request where it is not made for the purpose of allowing you to be aware of and verify the lawfulness 
                    of the processing we are carrying out. We can withhold personal data if disclosure would adversely affect the rights 
                    and freedoms of others, e.g. involving the conduct of a business in, for example, intellectual property rights, 
                    trade secrets and confidential information.
You can extract and download all of your video using the features of the Manything service. If you have a valid reason, 
                    such as wanting video as evidence in a court case, we can help speed this process for you if you contact our support team. 
                    The only personal data we store other than your video is your email address, device names and the titles 
                    and descriptions of your clips – you can see all of these in the Manything UI.
What are your other rights?
In certain circumstances you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. We will comply with the 
                    request where our processing is for direct marketing purposes or based on the processing conditions of public interest or 
                    legitimate interests. We will not comply if the processing is for legal claims or based on a compelling legitimate 
                    interest which overrides your interests.
If you have a complaint, please raise this with us in the first instance using the contact details shown above. If 
                    you remain dissatisfied you have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the 
                    Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are small text files stored on your device when you access most websites.
At Manything we make use of cookies to improve your experience and to provide us with information about how the web site is being used. 
                    Our cookies do not store personal information such as your name or email address.
If, after reading the information below, you have any questions or concerns about our cookie policy please contact us at
support@manything.com.
If you continue to use this website, we will assume you consent to the use of cookies for this purpose.
In addition to our own cookies which are essential to run our site, we also uses third party tools which also use cookies. Information about the third party 
                    tools can be found below.
Changing your browser settings to stop cookies
You can choose to manage the cookies Manything uses on its website through your internet browser settings at any time. For information 
                    on how to do this, follow the appropriate link below.
Internet Explorer:
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
Chrome:
http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en-GB/more/privacy.html
Firefox:
http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Clear%20Recent%20History
Safari:
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042
Opera:
http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Third Party Cookies
Google Analytics - We use Google Analytics to help us understand how the site is being used. Google Analytics reports this 
                    information without identifying individual users.
To find out how to prevent tracking by Google Analytics across all websites, visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Further information about cookies
If you wish to learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.helpscout.net/company/privacy/:
Policies and Procedures
We’re committed to keeping your data secure, your private information private, and being transparent about our practices as a business.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Security
Data Processing Amendment
Cookie Policy
List of Sub-processors
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 12, 2024.
Please see our
Privacy Snapshot
for a high-level overview of our privacy practices.
Your privacy is extremely important to us, and we are committed to fair practices that protect your information. This Privacy Policy is provided to explain our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make our policies and procedures available on every page of this website.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Help Scout PBC (referred to in these Terms of Service as “Help Scout”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) and how we handle personal information that we collect through our website (
www.helpscout.com
), our platform, our interactions with you, and the services accessible from the Help Scout website (which are collectively referred to in these Terms of Service as the “Help Scout Service”).
We treat all personal information covered by this Privacy Policy as pertaining to individuals acting as business representatives and not in their individual or household capacity. Only data that we are controllers of is in scope of this Privacy Policy. Data handled on behalf of our customers as processors falls within the scope of our
Data Processing Addendum
.
Personal information we collect
The information you provide us may include:
Contact details,
such as your first and last name, business email and mailing addresses, phone number, and professional title.
Account information
, such as your username and password, that you use to access our Services.
Payment information
needed to complete your transactions with us, including name, payment card information, and billing information. This information is processed by our payment service provider, Braintree, which handles your payment information per its privacy policy. Learn more here:
https://www.paypal.com/us/legalhub/privacy-full
.
Communications
that we exchange with you when you contact us with questions, feedback, or for any other reason.
Usage information,
such as information about how you use our Services and interact with us, including any content you upload to our Services or otherwise submit to us, and information you provide when you use any interactive features of our Services.
Marketing data
such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.
Other data
not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically log and combine information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with our Services, online resources, and our communications, such as:
Device data
including your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, device type (e.g., phone or tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area derived from the IP address.
Online activity data
such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to our Services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, duration of access, and whether you have opened or otherwise engaged with our communications like our marketing emails.
We use this information to understand your interactions with our product better so we can learn what matters to you and continuously improve your experience with Help Scout.
We use the following tools to collect and store information about visitors to our site:
Cookies
,  which are small text files in your browser that keep track of your preferences, help us understand how you use our site, and allow us to uniquely identify our visitors.
Local storage
, which allows us to store more information at once anywhere on your device and not only in your browser.
Web beacons
, which are tiny images, also known as pixel tags, that track when someone opens an email or visits a webpage and help us keep track of what our visitors find interesting.
Information we obtain from other sources:
Third-party accounts.
When you log into the Services through a third-party account, such as Google, we may collect certain information from your account (e.g., name, email address, user name), depending on the privacy permissions you have configured within that account.
Social media information.
We may maintain pages on social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, you or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform.
Other sources.
We may obtain personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly-available sources, and data providers.
How we use personal information
We use personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Providing our Services.
We use personal information to operate, maintain, and provide you with our Services. In particular, we use personal information to perform our contractual obligations under our terms of use.
Communicating with you about our Services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use personal information to respond to your requests, provide customer support, and communicate with you about our Services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
Improve, monitor, personalize, and protect our Services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to improve and keep our Services safe for our users, which includes:
Understanding your needs and interests and personalizing your experience with the Services and our communications.
Troubleshooting, testing, and conducting research to keep the Services secure.
Investigating and protecting against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
Research and development.
We may use personal information for research and development purposes in our legitimate business interests, including to analyze and improve the Services and our business. As part of these activities, we may create or use aggregated, de-identified, or otherwise anonymized data from the personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business.
Marketing and advertising.
We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use personal information for the following marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing.
We may send you direct marketing communications, as permitted by law, including email. You may opt out of our marketing communications as described in the “Opt-out of marketing communications” section below.
Interest-based advertising.
We may engage our advertising partners, including third-party and social media companies, to display ads around the web. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information (including the automatically-collected data described above) about your interactions over time across our Services, our communications, and other online services and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. In these cases, the privacy policy of our advertising partners may apply to their processing of your information.
Except where consent is required, we undertake such marketing and advertising based on our legitimate business interests. Where we seek your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Compliance and protection.
We may use personal information to comply with legal obligations and to defend ourselves against legal claims or disputes, including to:
Protect our, your, or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property (including by making and defending legal claims).
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies.
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services.
Prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical, or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal processes, such as responding to subpoenas or government authorities’ requests.
How we share personal information
We may share personal information with:
Service providers.
Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, email delivery, and website analytics services).
Professional advisors.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers, and insurers, when necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith, are necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees.
Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale, or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, Help Scout PBC (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Advertising partners.
Third-party advertising companies, including for the interest-based advertising purposes described above.
Privacy rights and choices
Opt-out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails and other communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive, or by contacting us as instructed in the “How to Contact Us” section below. You may continue to receive Services-related and other non-marketing emails.
Online tracking opt-out
. You can opt out of third-party cookies as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Personal information requests.
We offer you choices that affect how we handle the personal information that we control. Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our Services, you may request the following in regards to your personal information:
Information
about how we have collected and used personal information. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access
to a copy of the personal information we collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
Correction
of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
Deletion
of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other lawful purposes.
Opt out
of the sharing or processing of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes. To exercise this right, you can visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of our website.
Additional rights
, such as to
object
to and request that we
restrict
our use of personal information, and where applicable, you may
withdraw
your consent.
To make a request, please email us or write to us as instructed in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We may ask for specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. Depending on where you live, you may be entitled to empower an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
Limits on your privacy rights and choices
. In some instances your choices may be limited, such as when fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are dissatisfied with how we address your request, you may submit a complaint by contacting us as instructed in the “How to Contact Us” section below. Depending on where you reside, you may have the right to complain to a data protection regulator where you live or work or where you feel a violation has occurred.
Other sites and services
Our Services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations do not endorse or represent that we are affiliated with any third party. We do not control websites or online services operated by third parties and are not responsible for their actions. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party sites or services.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration, and destruction of personal information we maintain. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information.
For more information about our security practices, please see our
Security Policy
.
Children’s privacy
Our Services are not intended for children under 16 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Services of a child under 16 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it.
International data transfers
All personal information is provided directly to our website in the United States. We may also transfer personal information to our affiliates and service providers in the United States and other jurisdictions. Please note that such jurisdictions may not provide the same protections as the data protection laws in your home country.
When we engage in cross-border data transfers, we will ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for personal information, and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission or UK government adequacy decision or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information. For more information about how we transfer personal information internationally, please contact as instructed in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Retention of personal information
Where required under applicable laws, we retain personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, per our retention policies, and following applicable laws and regulatory obligations or until you withdraw your consent (where applicable).
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, the purposes for which we use personal information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Job applicants
When you visit the Careers portion of our websites, we collect the information you provide to us in connection with your job application. This includes but is not limited to business and personal contact information, professional credentials and skills, educational and work history, and other information included in a resume. This may also include diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We use this information based on our legitimate business interests to facilitate our recruitment activities and process employment applications by evaluating a job candidate for an employment activity, monitoring recruitment statistics, and responding to surveys. We may also use this information to provide improved administration of the Services and as otherwise necessary (i) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us, (ii) to protect and defend our or others’ rights or property, (iii) in connection with a legal investigation and (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy or our terms of use.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the website, or as otherwise required by law.
How to contact us
Help Scout PBC is the entity responsible for processing personal information under this Privacy Policy (as a controller, where provided under applicable law).
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights concerning your personal information, please contact us by
email
or write to us at:
Attn: Privacy Agent
Help Scout PBC
68 Harrison Ave #605
PMB 78505
Boston, MA 02111
EEA and UK Representative Contact Information.
For users in the EEA, we have appointed AgSense Solutions SL as our EU data representative and Thomas Graham as our UK data representative. You can contact our EU and UK representatives at
privacy@helpscout.com
.
Our EU representative can be reached at:
Calle de Florentino Rodríguez Alonso,
3628055 Madrid
España
Privacy Snapshot
The chart below provides a high-level snapshot of our privacy practices. You need to read the entire Privacy Policy for complete information.
Category
Do We Collect?
How We Collect
Primary Purposes of Processing
Key Recipients / Disclosures
Can You Limit Sharing?
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name
Yes
When you visit or use our Services; from third-party sites and services; when you apply for a job with us
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; communicate with you; for marketing and advertising; to process your job application
Service providers
No
Advertising partners (except for job applicants)
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under CA or federal law
Yes
When you apply for a job with us
To process your job application
Service providers
No
Commercial information, including but not limited to records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained or considered
Yes
When you visit or use our Services
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; communicate with you; for marketing and advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Personal information categories listed in the CA Customer Records Statute (e.g., name, contact details)
Yes
When you visit or use our Services; from third-party sites and services; when you apply for a job with us
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; communicate with you; for marketing and advertising; to process your job application
Service providers
No
Advertising partners (except for job applicants)
Yes
Biometric information
No
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website
Yes
When you visit or use our Services
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; for marketing and advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Geolocation data
Yes
When you visit or use our Services
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; for marketing and advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information
No
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
When you visit or use our Services; when you apply for a job with us
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; to process your job application
Service providers
No
Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
No
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Inferences drawn from information identified to create a profile about a consumer
Yes
When you visit or use our Services
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; for marketing and advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Sensitive personal information (as defined in CA Civil Code 1798.140 (ae))
Yes
When you apply for a job with us
To process your job application
Service providers
No
We’d love to show you the magic of Help Scout.
Book a Demo
Book a Demo
Sub-policy 1
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en-GB/more/privacy.html:
www.google.co.uk uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
404 - page not found
We can't find what you're looking for...
Not sure how you got here? Go to
chrome.com
Get Chrome for Windows
For Windows 10 32-bit
For Windows 11/10 64-bit
For Windows 11 ARM
For Windows XP/Vista
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
For Windows 8.1/8/7 32-bit
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
For Windows 8.1/8/7 64-bit
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
Get Chrome for Mac
For macOS 11 or later.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported.
For macOS 10.13/10.14
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
For macOS 10.15
This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system.
Get Chrome for Linux
Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE.
Please select your download package:
64 bit .deb (For Debian/Ubuntu)
64 bit .rpm (For Fedora/openSUSE)
Not Debian/Ubuntu or Fedora/openSUSE? There may be a community-supported version for your distribution.
See Linux Chromium packages
Get Chrome for iOS
Get Chrome for chromeOS
Get Chrome for android
Set Google Chrome as my default browser
Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google.
What are crash reports?
By downloading Chrome, you agree to the
Google Terms of Service
and
Chrome and ChromeOS Additional Terms of Service
Note:
Installing Google Chrome will
add the Google repository
so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date. If you don’t want Google's repository, do “sudo touch /etc/default/google-chrome” before installing the package.
Accept and Install
Accept and Install
Accept and Install
Get Chrome
Download for phone or tablet
Android
iOS
Download for another desktop OS
Windows 11/10 64-bit
Windows 10 32-bit
Windows 11 ARM
macOS 11 or later
Linux
Frozen versions
Windows XP
Windows Vista
Windows 8.1/8/7 32-bit
Windows 8.1/8/7 64-bit
Mac 10.6 - 10.8
Mac 10.9
Mac 10.10
Mac 10.11 - 10.12
Mac 10.13 - 10.14
Mac 10.15
Looks like you’re already using Chrome browser. Nice!
The device you have runs on ChromeOS, which already has Chrome browser built-in. No need to manually install or update it — with automatic updates, you’ll always get the latest version.
Learn more about automatic updates.
Looking for Chrome for a different operating system?
See the
full list of supported operating systems
.
Sub-policy 3
http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/:
Security features of Opera products
For user-friendly descriptions of security features implemented in our products, please visit the respective product pages:
Computer browsers: A safe browser for secure web surfing
Android devices: Fast, efficient, and secure mobile browsers
Opera Mini for basic phones: Faster, cheaper internet for your phone
We also publish lists of Frequently Asked Questions relating to the security of our products. You can find links to the FAQ pages in the top navigation menu.
For general information about browser security, please also check out
Chrome Security FAQ
.
Reporting security issues
If you’d like to report a security issue, first, please check the proper FAQ page (link on the left). Your issue may be covered there and explained, or be out of our scope, or not considered by us a threat.
Opera maintains public and private
Bug Bounty
programs. Out-of-scope security issues can be
submitted directly to us
and are subject to the
Vulnerability Policy
. If your report is valid and we consider the issue to be a real problem, we can place your name in our
Hall of Fame
.
To report malicious situation or suspicious activity related to Opera products and services, please use the
Report Fraud
page.
Contact us securely
You can also send an encrypted email to us using this
GPG Key
.
Desktop, AI Benchmarking tool and Services FAQ
Mobile Browsers FAQ
Vulnerability Policy
WebPKI & Trust Anchors
Security Advisories
Transparency Report