Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Annex 1
Terms of Service
Parent’s Guide
Fan Content Policy
Community Rules
Personal Information
Cubic Games and third parties may collect data in order to personalize and analyze advertising and gameplay. You can change these settings at any time in the "Account" section of the Project.
Purpose of collection and use of personal information
We use the Data collected through the Project and (or) Services for the purposes of our legitimate interests in accordance with applicable legislation as well as for the following purposes:
- to provide our Services or information you request as well as to process and complete any transactions;
- to respond to your submissions, questions, comments, requests and complaints as well as to provide customer service;
- to monitor and analyze the Project’s use and trends or to personalize and improve the Project or user experience on our web sites, such as providing ads, Content or features that match their profiles or interests as well as to increase the Project’s functionality and user friendliness;
- to provide gifts and rewards that you may have to win in the Project etc.;
- to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts as well as support and administrative messages;
- to facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of our web sites.
Items of personal data we collect and usages of the data
We collect your personal data on the following lawful basis:
- the data necessary to provide you with access to the Project or the provision of our Services on the basis of the Contract;
- the data necessary for marketing or analytical purposes on the basis of your consent.
Here
You may familiarize yourself with the data processed in relation You.
Period of retention and use of personal information
We process and store Data during the Project period and within thirty (30) days from the confirmation of the request for deletion, except for the information that is necessary to fulfill the requirements of applicable law (for example, in the field of taxation and accounting) and anonymous information.
Information that does not contain personal data can be stored for the entire duration of the Project.
Cross-border data transfer
We may share personal data with external providers or service providers or providers whom we engage to perform services or functions on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
Some of the suppliers we work with are located outside your region.
Wherein, Cubic Games may share your information with the following types of third parties:
a) technical and customer support providers who assist us in the provision of the Services,
b) third party software providers, including ‘software as a service’ solution providers, where the provider hosts the relevant personal data on behalf of Cubic Games;
c) analytical services that help us develop and improve the Project;
d) providers that help us generate and collate reviews in relation to our offers and Services;
e) advertising and promotional agencies and those organizations or online platforms selected by us to carry out marketing campaigns on our behalf and to advertise their own products or services that may be of interest to you; and/or
f) professional advisers such as solicitors, accountants, tax advisors, auditors, and insurance brokers;
g) service providers that assist us in providing our services.
Our Third Party Partners
Targeted ads are a way to help customers view products or services that appeal to their interests and allow them to have a more enjoyable user experience. However, as they are not a “contractual necessity,” you can provide your consent to receive targeted advertising and share data with third parties for analytics and marketing purposes.
The information we collect is used to improve our game, analyze player behavior, provide customer support, and enhance your gaming experience. We may also use aggregated and anonymized data for marketing and promotional purposes.
We may share anonymized data with our trusted partners and service providers to help us improve our game.
Privacy
Policy of the Pixel Gun 3D (the “Project”)
(Revised
as of December 30, 2023)
Thank
you for choosing
CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED Project.
Please
review our Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Policy”)
to understand what type of data, for what purposes, and in which ways
we can process. This Privacy Policy is designed in such to make its
content as clear as possible. If you have any questions or
suggestions regarding our Policy, please contact us through the Help
and Support section of the Project so we can reply to you more
quickly.
The
Controller for the purposes of the GDPR and other applicable data
protection or data privacy laws of the EU Member States, as well as
other data protection requirements in respect of the Project, is:
CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED
Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis,
2722,
Nicosia, Cyprus
Email: support.tos@cubicgames.com
Data
processing is carried out by us solely for the purposes defined by
this Policy. Please note that you have the right to withdraw consent
at any time, in the manner specified by this Policy.
By
accepting this Policy, you also accept the
Terms of Service
.
You acknowledge and agree that you have reached the age allowing you
to enter into such binding agreement in the country of your residence
or domicile, or that you have your parent or legal guardian’s
permission (if required by applicable law). Child is a person that
has not reached the minimum age required to provide the consent for
Data collection and processing in accordance with applicable laws of
the resident country.
We
may update this Privacy Policy by posting a notice in the Project
before such changes take effect.
This
Policy describes:
-
What data we process;
-
Whom we may share your data with;
-
Purpose of data processing;
-
How long do we store data;
-
How we protect your data;
-
How you can manage the data.
1.
PROCESSED DATA
In
general, by “Data” we mean any information that identifies,
relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated
with a particular individual. By the “Data”, we also refer to any
information that relates to you and usage of the Services. All
information of your activity in the Project and (or) Service
processed by us where it is necessary for providing access to the
Project and (or) Services, is hereinafter referred to as the
"Account".
Despite
the fact that the data processed by us may not include data of the
"personal data" category, we treat all information
associated with your Account as personal data.
We
collect following personal data related to users of our Services:
-
Your
IP address and unique mobile device identification numbers (such as
your device ID, advertising ID
,
android Id);
-
Broad
location data
;
-
Data
for advertising and analytics purposes
;
-
Data
about your device
;
-
details of orders (transaction currency, amount spent, date, time,
vouchers or offers used);
-
Timezone;
-
Data about your account and game progress, we create a specific ID
for you when you use the Services. We store your actions inside the
Project, including waste of resources, behavioral activity, time
entering the game;
-
Contact information (such as name or nickname or email or other
identification information);
-
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify
payment);
-
Your messages to the Services (such as chat logs and player support
tickets) any feedback you submitted about your experience with us;
and/or
-
Other data you choose to give us.
We
collect your personal data on the following lawful basis:
-
the data necessary to provide you with access to the Project or the
provision of our Services on the basis of the
Contract
;
-
the data necessary for marketing or analytical purposes on the basis
of your consent.
Methods
of collecting information (categories of sources used in the
collection).
1.1.
Data you provide by yourself.
We
include the following information that you provide to this type of
data:
-
date of creating an Account;
-
your use of social functions and channels for communicating with
other people in the Project;
-
purchases or financial transactions, such as in-house purchases and /
or received prizes;
-
technical and support services.
WARNING!
We are not responsible for the relevance, correctness, completeness
or quality of the information you provide. When you place the data
indicated independently, we proceed from the presumption of your good
faith, accept the specified information as relevant, correct,
complete and reliable. If you indicate inaccurate and (or) irrelevant
information, access to a number of Services may be limited for you,
and a technical support and support services regarding the processing
of personal data is suspended until the confirmation of your
ownership of the specified information. These measures are necessary
to ensure the protection of your data.
1.2.
Information we receive or generate as a result of your use of the
Project.
We may collect data related to your use of the Project and your
in-game activity, to your use of our services and the nature of this
use and to your devices. The collection of such information is
necessary for the analysis of possible technical errors in the
Project and their timely elimination. The processing of information
about your in-game activity is related to the social nature of our
Project, the results of your in-game actions are reflected throughout
the in-game world.
1.3.
Information collected from external sources.
We may receive information about you and your actions from third
parties when you connect external accounts; from advertisers or
service providers about your contacts and interactions with them.
1.4.
COOKIES
Cookies
are text files with small pieces of data — like a username and
password — that are used to identify your device as you use a
network. Specific cookies known as HTTP cookies are used to identify
specific users and improve your web browsing experience.
Data
stored in a cookie is created by the server upon your connection.
This data is labeled with an ID unique to you and your device.
2.
PROVISION OF DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
To
provide the Services, we may provide the Data to suppliers or agents
working on our behalf. We do not sell your personal data to third
parties. We may disclose the Data to third parties that provide a
service to us, ensuring that they are contractually obligated to keep
your personal data confidential and will comply with the GDPR and
other relevant data protection laws.
We
may share your information with the following types of third parties:
a)
technical and customer support providers who assist us in the
provision of the Services,
b)
third party software providers, including ‘software as a service’
solution providers, where the provider hosts the relevant personal
data on our behalf;
c)
analytical services that help us develop and improve the Project;
d)
providers that help us generate and collate reviews in relation to
our goods and services;
e)
advertising and promotional agencies and those organisations or
online platforms selected by us to carry out marketing campaigns on
our behalf and to advertise their own products or services that may
be of interest to you; and/or
f)
service providers that assist us in providing our services.
g)
professional advisers such as solicitors, accountants, tax advisors, auditors, and insurance brokers.
You
can familiarize yourself with the list of such companies in the Annex
1 hereto.
We
may share your personal data with our affiliates and partners in the
EU / EEA and outside the EU / EEA. If the transfer of data outside
the EU / EEA is not regulated by an EU Commission sufficiency
decision, we base on the legal guarantees set out in Article 46 et
al. Seqq. GDPR. This mainly includes EU Commission-approved Standard
Contractual Clauses, which we have strengthened with additional
security measures such as additional individual risk assessment,
additional contractual guarantees, and technical guarantees,
including additional encryption or pseudonymization, to enable
international transfers with CUBIC GAMES affiliates and partners outside
the EU/EEA.
Learn
more about the
EU
Commission's approved Standard Contractual Clauses
.
We
may share personal data with external providers or service providers
or providers whom we engage to perform services or functions on our
behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
If
these providers are established within the EU, we ensure that they
are contractually bound to comply with EU data protection
regulations. We also guarantee in our contracts with these
organizations that they only Process Personal Data in accordance with
our instructions and provide consistent services and protect the
integrity and confidentiality of your personal data entrusted to
them. We may also disclose personal information to our advisers,
consultants, law enforcement and other government agencies (such as
tax and social security authorities), police, prosecutors, and
courts. All these recipients are themselves responsible for complying
with EU data protection regulations. Some of the suppliers we work
with are located outside the European Economic Area. If the EU
Commission has not recognized them as providing adequate protection
of personal data, we rely on the legal guarantees described above.
These
companies may access and process your data in accordance with their
own privacy policies, being an equivalent Data Controller. We
encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about
how they process data.
We
may disclose your personal data as permitted by law to investigate,
prevent, or act regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
violation of our intellectual property rights, situations involving
potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of
our Terms and Conditions or other agreements, or as required by law.
Please
feel free to contact us for additional information on third country
data transfers as well as our safeguards and supplementary security
measures.
3.
REASONS FOR DATA PROCESSING
We
process your Data only when necessary to provide access to the
Project and (or) Services, while taking reasonable security measures
to protect your Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access,
disclosure, modification or destruction.
With
respect to the users covered by the General Data Protection
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereinafter – the “GDPR”), we use the
Data collected through
the
Project and (or) Services for the purposes of our legitimate
interests in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR as well as
for the purposes stipulated in the Terms of Service and this Policy.
E.g., we may use information we collect -
to provide our Services or
    information you request as well as to process and complete any
    transactions;
to respond to your
    submissions, questions, comments, requests and complaints as well as
    to provide customer service;
to monitor and analyze the
    Project’s use and trends or to personalize and improve the Project
    or user experience on our web sites, such as providing ads, Content
    or features that match their profiles or interests as well as to
    increase the Project’s functionality and user friendliness;
to provide gifts and
    rewards that you may have to win in the Project etc.;
to send you confirmations,
    updates, security alerts as well as support and administrative
    messages and otherwise
to facilitate your use of
    and our administration and operation of our web sites; and
any other purpose for which
    the information is collected.
Data
is collected when you provide it within the Project and (or) Service.
Indirect collection shall be allowed only on anonymous basis.
4.
TERM OF PROCESSING AND STORAGE
We
process and store Data during the Project period and within thirty
(30) days from the confirmation of the request for deletion, except
for the information that is necessary to fulfill the requirements of
applicable law (for example, in the field of taxation and accounting)
and anonymous information. We do not control the data published by
you or copied by other users, as well as the data published in the
chat of the Project (if applicable) or on thematic groups and forums.
After deleting your data, your anonymized account can be saved in the
Project if it is used in conjunction with other users.
Information
contains personal data of users (if applicable), collected or created
by providing of technical support to users, is stored during the
period of the User Account that has applied for support in order to
provide an optimal solution to issues and problems. Information that
does not contain personal data can be stored for the entire duration
of the Project.
DATA
    SECURITY AND
PROTECTION
CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED respects the confidentiality of your data and strives to
ensure the highest level of protection. Despite the measures we are
taking to protect your information, any measures that we apply will
not have any effect if you neglect the data security.
The
project implemented reliable means of protection to ensure the
security of your data. We do everything possible for your safety when
using the Project and are constantly improving our information
protection methods. As some means of protecting information from
unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction, we use
the following methods:
-
data encryption during storage and transmission;
-
we carry out two-stage user authentication when requesting an action
with the Data;
-
we improve the techniques and methods of collecting, storing and
processing the Data;
-
access to the Data, in encrypted and impersonal form, have only
authorized employees, consultants or interested groups of people who
need access to this information to perform their duties;
-
all persons having access to the Data are briefed on working with
data, their knowledge and skills are systematically being checked.
In
spite of all measures taken by us, your careful attitude to the
Account and access to it has a great importance in the safety of your
Data. To prevent unauthorized access to your Data and Account, we
strongly recommend you not to share access to the account to any
third parties and to comply with the rules of the project and use of
the Services. In case of your violation of the Terms of Service, we will not be able to guarantee the security of your Data.
WARNING!
The following actions are prohibited by this Policy and the Terms,
and may also violate the confidentiality of your data:
-
transfer of information about the Account and (or) access rights to
third parties. Please note that our official representative will
never request access to your Account;
-
the use of unauthorized third-party programs, the use of robot
programs and (or) programs that change the game process, including
assistance in the game process. In addition to the fact that the use
of such programs is expressly prohibited by the Terms, they may
contain malicious software that could harm the security of your data;
-
the acquisition of in-game values from third parties. By acquiring
in-game values bypassing the Terms of Service, you can become a victim of
fraudsters.
6.
DATA MANAGEMENT
You
have all the technical capabilities to determine how the Data shall
be used.  We are constantly improving the data management methods
available to you.
You
can form a request within the Project by sending a request in the
Help section.
You
are entitled to obtain information from us on how we handle your
personal data, to see copies of all personal data held by us and to
request that your personal data is amended, corrected or deleted from
our systems. You can also limit, restrict or object to the processing
of your data.
For
exercising your rights, you can:
-
at any time withdraw your consent for Data Processing given in full
or in part;
-
access to your Data received by us;
-
require limitation of Data processing for the time required to verify
the reliability of the information provided;
-
change the Data. You may discretionary determine the Data, which
shall be associated with your Account.
-
object to the processing of your Data. If you believe that we have no
legitimate reason for processing your Data, please contact us using
the contacts provided below.
You
may also file a complaint with the local supervisory authority:
-
delete your Account and Data related therewith.
The
procedure for withdrawing consent to the processing and deletion of
Data:
PLEASE
NOTE that the Data is used by us solely for the purpose of providing
you access to the Project and improving the quality of the Services.
By deleting of Account Data, you will lose access to the Project and
your Data will be permanently deleted.
The
order of execution of the request:
1.
An initial request that meets the requirements of this Policy can be
sent through the contact form in the Project in the section «Support»
/ «Privacy protection request».
2.
Confirmation of the request - carried out by you through the
specified and verified email address.
3.
Execution of the request – usually carried out within 30 days from
the date of confirmation of the request. This period is necessary for
organizational and technical measures to fulfill your request and, if
necessary, may require more time.
PAY
ATTENTION, We reserve the right to refuse to fulfill the request if
the ownership of the Data is not confirmed by the User and (or) the
request affects the rights and freedoms of others.
If
you have lost access to the Project and do not have the technical
ability to perform actions to confirm ownership of the Data, you can
send a letter to the address:
Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis,
2722,
Nicosia, Cyprus
Recipient:
Cubic Games Studio Ltd
In
the letter you must provide information by which we can uniquely
identify you and the ownership of the Account Data.
7.
LOCAL LEGISLATION
We
provide you with access to international projects and strive to
comply with applicable local laws. Please note that our Services are
provided "as is" and you should get to know with applicable
laws. By continuing your use of the Project, you are warrant that
your use of the Project is not contrary to the applicable law and
Terms of Service
.
Please
note we do not sell users’ Personal Data in California. Data
transfer is carried out in order to provide the Services legally.
8.
FINAL PROVISIONS
We
reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review
it on a periodic basis.
This
Policy is made in English language. We can provide you with a
translation in French, German, Italian, Spanish and Portuguese
languages. In case of any inconsistency or discrepancies between a
non-English translation of this Policy and the English version, the
English version shall prevail.
FAITHFULLY
YOURS,
CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED
TERMS OF SERVICE (HEREINAFTER THE “TERMS”)
OF THE PIXEL GUN 3D
(HEREINAFTER
THE “PROJECT”).
(Version
dated by the December 30, 2023)
PIXEL
GUN 3D
is a virtual interaction program
- product of Cubic Games Studio Ltd (hereinafter – the “CUBIC GAMES”),
which is its legal owner and/or operator. “Service(s)” refers to
your use of Project for any purpose whatsoever.
PLEASE
READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE GAME AND RELATED SERVICES OF THE
PROJECT OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROJECT IS SUBJECT TO
THESE TERMS. YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS PRESENTED BELOW. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE PROJECT IN ANY WAY OR
FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER.
ACCEPTANCE
OF THE TERMS
These
Terms sets out the legal terms between you (either an individual or
legal and non-legal entity) and Cubic Games Studio Ltd.
These
Terms and including cases where personal data is collected and
processed in accordance with and as stipulated by the Article 6(1)(f)
of the GDPR Regulation, are accepted by you when you actually use the
Project and (or) Services provided by CUBIC GAMES. You may print a copy
of these Terms and
Privacy Policy
for your records and we highly
recommend you to do so. These Terms remain effective from the date of
acceptance until terminated by you or CUBIC GAMES in accordance with
these Terms.
You
cannot accept these Terms if: (a) you are not lawfully entitled to
use the Services under any applicable laws in the country in which
you are located or resident; or (b) if you are not of legal age to
form a binding agreement with CUBIC GAMES. By accepting these terms you
acknowledge, represent and agree that you have reached the age to
enter into such binding agreement in the country in which you are
located or resident or that you have your parent or legal guardian’s
permission if required by applicable law. You expressly represent
that you are legally allowed to enter into these Terms and that you
do not violate any applicable laws.
You
may also be required to register an account on the Project and (or)
Service (hereinafter referred to as "Account").
Certain
countries maintain legal restrictions on the usage of the Service and
(or) downloading, installing and/or using of products, portions of
products, or software that are or might be available through the
Service. You expressly represent that you comply with all applicable
legal restrictions in your jurisdiction. You are not permitted to use
our Product if you are, or if you are owned or controlled directly or
indirectly by, a person that is the target of export control
restrictions, embargoes, or economic or trade sanctions maintained by
the United States (including the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s
Office of Foreign Asset Control (“OFAC”), the U.S. Department of
Commerce, or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member
state, or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom
(collectively, “Sanctions”), including any person (a) named on
any Sanctions-related list of designated persons, including the
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by
OFAC, or the Entity List maintained by the U.S. Department of
Commerce, the “Consolidated list of persons, groups and entities
subject to EU financial sanctions” maintained by the European
Union, or the “UK Consolidated List of Asset Freeze Targets”
maintained by Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom; or (b)
operating, organized, or resident in a country or territory that is
the target of comprehensive Sanctions (currently Cuba, Iran, North
Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region) (collectively, a “Prohibited
Person”). By using our Product you represent and warrant that (i)
you are not (nor are you owned or controlled by, or acting for or on
behalf of, directly or indirectly) a Prohibited Person; (ii) you are
not prohibited by any Sanctions from using CUBIC GAMES’s Product; and
(iii) you will not provide access to the Product to any Prohibited
Persons.
If
you access the Project and (or) the Service from a social network,
you shall comply with its terms of service/use and privacy policy as
well as these Terms and Privacy Policy.
Please
note that these rules shall not create any third party’s rights
including any enforcement right (civil right of action) thereof, and
may be enforced solely by CUBIC GAMES in its sole discretion.
The
failure by CUBIC GAMES to exercise or enforce any of the Terms shall not
constitute or be deemed a waiver of its right thereafter to enforce
each and every of these Terms.
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS
CUBIC GAMES
is the owner of all exclusive rights, intellectual property rights
and interests associated with the Project and Services, as well as
all their functions and components, including but not limited to:
•
all
the virtual content that is contained and displayed in the Project,
including:
- visual components: project locations, characters
(names, appearance, characteristic behavior and utterances), artwork,
structural or landscape design, animation and audiovisual effects;
- thematic content: themes, concepts, stories and
storylines;
- musical and sound compositions and recordings;
- user accounts;
•
project
elements: Virtual Items and Intra-Project Values, as well as
intra-project options and ways of acquiring them;
•
other
intellectual property that provides technical and other access to the
Project and Services, including but not limited to:
-
software and source
code;
- methods of work and original works of authorship
used in the Project;
•
all
Accounts, including Account names and any player’s identification
tools. Any use of the Account must be in accordance with the
interests of CUBIC GAMES. CUBIC GAMES does not allow the transfer of
Accounts. You cannot purchase, sell, gift and otherwise assign the
Account, and also offer any Account to purchase, sell, gift or any
form of assignment, and any such attempt will be void and may lead to
the termination of the Account;
•   intangible
rights thereto.
For
the avoidance of doubts, the Services shall be construed as providing
you with access to use the Project without transferring any exclusive
or other intellectual property rights or interests to the Project and
Services.
VIRTUAL
ITEMS AND INTRA-PROJECT VALUES
CUBIC GAMES
may offer you the ability to purchase a limited license to use
intra-project values (hereafter and everywhere - “Intra-Project
Values”); and/or purchase a limited license with Intra-Project
Values, to virtual objects made available by CUBIC GAMES in the Project
(hereinafter and everywhere - “Virtual Items”). If CUBIC GAMES
offers the ability to purchase or earn such licenses, CUBIC GAMES shall
grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited right
and license to use such Intra-Project Values or Virtual Items, as
applicable. These right and license are only valid for your personal,
non-commercial use exclusively in the Project, subject to the
provisions of these Terms and your compliance therewith.
Intra-Project
Values may only be redeemed for Virtual Items for use in the Project
and neither Intra-Project Values or Virtual Items are redeemable for
money, anything of monetary value, or for any monetary equivalent
from CUBIC GAMES or any other person or entity, except as otherwise
required by applicable law. Intra-Project Values and Virtual Items do
not have an equivalent value in real currency and do not act as a
substitute for real currency. Neither CUBIC GAMES nor any other person
or entity has any obligation to exchange Intra-Project Values or
Virtual Items for anything of value, including, but not limited to,
real currency. You acknowledge and agree that CUBIC GAMES may engage in
actions that may impact the intra-project attributes or perceived
value of Intra-Project Values and/or Virtual Items at any time,
except as prohibited by applicable law. CUBIC GAMES, in its sole
discretion, may impose limits on the amount of Intra-Project Values
that may be purchased, earned, or redeemed.
Refund
policy
The
purchase of a license for Intra-Project Values is final and is not
refundable, transferable, or exchangeable under any circumstances,
except as otherwise required by applicable law or refund policy of
the platform. If you give your Account or payment details to other
users, appear to be abusing our policies, or don’t protect your
account with authentication, we usually can’t issue a refund.
We
do not give refunds for most purchases committed within the project.
However, there are exceptions (see below.) You can also contact our
support team. The support team can process refunds pursuant to these
policies, applicable laws, and the payment processor’s standard
terms and conditions. User refunds are exclusive of taxes previously
charged to users for product purchases.
For
some cases, you may be able to get a refund depending on the
following details of the purchase:
-
a refund can be made within 48 hours of payment;
-
Intra-Project Values have not been used;
-
the purchase did not affect other users and (or) did not give you
preferences in relation to other users (VIP status, unique skin,
etc.).
The
license granted to Intra-Project Values or Virtual Items ceases to be
effective upon the removal of the Account within the Project.
If
you are a resident of any EU Member State, you have certain
withdrawal rights for purchases of Intra-Project Values or Virtual
Items made with real currency. However, you expressly waive your
withdrawal right once the performance of the Service in terms of
obtaining initial access to the Project through your Account. You
agree that: (i) download of Intra-Project Values or Virtual Items
begins immediately after purchase; and (ii) you lose your right of
withdrawal once the purchase is complete.
By
using the Project and (or) the Services, you acknowledge and agree
that:
Under no circumstances will
CUBIC GAMES be liable in any way for any content or for any loss or
damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content,
emailed or otherwise made available via the Project and (or) the
Service (hereinafter referred to as “User Content”).
If
you post any comments or User Content within the Projects and (or)
the Service of CUBIC GAMES, unless we expressly indicate otherwise, you
grant CUBIC GAMES and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
perpetual, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute, perform and display such User Content by any means
and media whether now known or hereafter devised without any further
notice or compensation of any kind to you, in connection with:
-
providing and promoting the Project and (or) the Services; and/or
-
exercising the rights under these Terms.
The
license grant to CUBIC GAMES survives any termination or revocation of
these Terms. You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or
disseminate any User Content that defames, abuses, harasses, stalks,
threatens or otherwise violates the legal rights (such as rights of
privacy and free speech) of other individuals including the Project’s
team. You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate
any User Content that promotes hatred towards groups based on their
race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age and (or)
sexual orientation/gender identity.
You
expressly represent that your use of the Project and all User Content
you posted on, transmitted through or linked from the Project and
(or) the Service and (or) mobile applications (where applicable) is
in compliance with these Terms and Privacy Policy as well as all
applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and
regulations including any laws regarding the transmission of
technical data exported from your country of residence and all export
control laws.
You
are solely responsible for all User Content that you make available
on or through the Service. Accordingly, you represent and warrant
that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User
Content that you make available on or through the Service or you have
all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to
grant to CUBIC GAMES the rights in and to such User Content, as
contemplated under these Terms; and (ii) neither the User Content nor
your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of
the User Content or our use of the User Content (or any portion
thereof) as contemplated under these Terms will infringe,
misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright,
trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or
intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or
result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
CUBIC GAMES
may remove or disable access to any User Content that is in violation
of applicable law, these Terms or our other policies, or otherwise
may be harmful or objectionable to CUBIC GAMES, its Users, third
parties, or property. Where CUBIC GAMES removes or disables User
Content, CUBIC GAMES will notify a User and provide the reasons for such
a measure, unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the
detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii)
harm the legitimate interests of other Users or third parties, or
(ii) contravene applicable laws. You may appeal such a decision by
contacting customer service.
CUBIC GAMES
respects copyright law and expects its User to do the same. If you
believe that any content on the Service infringes copyrights you own,
please notify us in accordance with these Terms.
NOTICE:
You agree to follow the COPPA terms ("Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1998").
COMMUNICATIONS
OF USERS
Your
use of the Project and (or) Services may include your communication
with other users of the Project and (or) Services, subject to other
provisions of these Terms. The communication may be done through the
Project and (or) Services, if such Project and (or) Services have
functional abilities to operate such communication.
INACTIVE/DISABLED
ACCOUNT POLICY
Accounts
that have been inactive or disabled either by You contacting CUBIC GAMES
and requesting the Account be terminated, by You using CUBIC GAMES’s
administration tools to terminate the account, or by CUBIC GAMES’s
account service team due to these Terms or otherwise, may be
permanently deleted at least seven (7) days, as applicable, after the
date of the Account’s termination unless you agree to pay
CUBIC GAMES’s applicable maintenance fee for the inactive accounts.
For
the purposes of this paragraph, the term “applicable maintenance
fee” shall mean any monetary purchase of a limited license to use
the Intra-Project Values, subject to these Terms.
DISCLAIMER
YOU
EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE PROJECT AND (OR)
SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE (EXCEPT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW
WITH ANY LEGALLY REQUIRED WARRANTY PERIOD TO THE SHORTER OF THIRTY
DAYS FROM FIRST USE OR THE MINIMUM PERIOD REQUIRED).
WITHOUT
LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER CUBIC GAMES NOR ITS AFFILIATES OR
SUBSIDIARIES, OR ANY OF THEIR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
ATTORNEYS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSEES OR
LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE " CUBIC GAMES PARTIES")
WARRANT THAT THE PROJECT AND (OR) SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE.
YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY ANY
APPLICABLE LAW, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN APPLY
TO ANY AND ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY WHATSOEVER CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO
USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE PROJECT AND (OR) SERVICE UNDER ANY
CAUSE OR ACTION WHATSOEVER OF ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) AND THAT THE CUBIC GAMES PARTIES SHALL NOT
BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL OR
DATA, IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY
TO USE, THE PROJECT AND (OR) SERVICE.
YOU
FURTHER SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO HOLD THE
CUBIC GAMES PARTIES LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING
OTHER USERS OF THE PROJECT AND (OR) SERVICE AND OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL
WEB-SITES, AND THAT THE RISK OF INFRINGEMENT OF YOUR RIGHTS AND (OR)
DAMAGES FROM USING THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND EXTERNAL WEB-SITES RESTS
ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY ANY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE CUBIC GAMES PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE
THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO THE CUBIC GAMES PARTIES.
SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU. IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT THE
STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY CONSUMER OR EXCLUDE OR RESTRICT ANY LIABILITY
FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM ANY NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD OF
CUBIC GAMES.
CLASS
ACTION WAIVER
IF
YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, BY ACCEPTING THE
TERMS, YOU AND CUBIC GAMES HEREBY AGREE: (i) THAT EACH CLAIM IS PERSONAL
TO YOU AND CUBIC GAMES, AND SHALL ONLY BE CONDUCTED AS AN INDIVIDUAL
COURT PROCEEDING, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION OR OTHER FORM OF
REPRESENTATIVE ACTION; (ii) EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO FILE OR
PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR SEEK RELIEF ON A CLASS OR
REPRESENTATIVE BASIS; AND (iii) THE COURT MAY ONLY CONDUCT AN
INDIVIDUAL COURT ACTION, MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE
INDIVIDUAL’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF
REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING RELATING TO SUCH CLAIMS. UNLESS
YOU SUBMIT A PROPER OPT OUT NOTICE (AS DESCRIBED BELOW), YOU AND
CUBIC GAMES AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN
YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS
MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Severability
of Class Action Waiver
You
and CUBIC GAMES agree that, no provision of this Class Action Waiver
shall be enforceable against you or CUBIC GAMES and all claims shall be
governed by Governance Law and Jurisdiction provisions of these
Terms, below, in the event either: (i) a court of competent
jurisdiction conclusively determines that any term or provision of
this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, prohibited by applicable
law, or inapplicable to any
с
laim; or (ii)
you submit a proper Opt Out Notice, wherein you have elected to opt
out of this Class Action Waiver. In no event may the severance of the
Class Action Waiver be interpreted or deemed to constitute consent by
you or CUBIC GAMES to participate in a class action.
Opt
Out Procedure
You
have the right to opt out and not be bound by the foregoing Class
Action Waiver, by sending a written notice of your election to opt
out from such Class Action Waiver (the “Opt Out Notice”), in
strict compliance with the following requirements of paragraphs (i) –
(iii):
•   Form &
Address
Your
Opt Out Notice must be sent to the following address: CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED, Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis, 2722, Nicosia, Cyprus, and
either by: (a) first class mail, postage prepaid, certified and
return receipt requested; or (b) overnight courier service.
•   Time
Limitations
Unless
a longer period is required by applicable law, your Opt Our Notice
must be postmarked (if sent by first class mail) or deposited (if
sent by overnight courier service) within 30 days of the date on
which you first accessed to your Account in the Project.
•   Required
Information
Your
Opt Our Notice must include: (i) the title of the Project to which
your Opt Out Notice is intended to apply; (ii) your first and last
name; (iii) your address; (iv) your phone number; (v) your email
address; (vi) if you are a registered user of the Project, each of
your usernames for the Project; and (vii) a statement that you do not
agree to the Class Action Waiver. CUBIC GAMES may use the foregoing
information included in the Opt Out Notice to record, process,
maintain, and administer your opting out of the Class Action Waiver,
as applicable, but not for marketing purposes.
•
Effects
of Proper Opt Out Notice
If
your Opt Out Notice meets all of the above requirements, you and
CUBIC GAMES will be deemed to have opted out of the Class Action Waiver,
subject to your statement in such Opt Out Notice, with respect to
these Terms. Submission of a valid Opt Out Notice applies only to
Claims arising from or relating to the Project identified therein, as
between CUBIC GAMES and the individual identified in such Opt Out
Notice.
•
Effects
of Improper Opt Out Notice
If
you submit an Opt Out Notice that fails to meet any of the
requirements set forth in paragraphs i – iii, you and CUBIC GAMES will
be bound by the Class Action Waiver set forth in these Terms.
MISCELLANEOUS
If
any provision of these Terms (or part of it), is found by any court
or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, then such provision (or part of it) shall
be removed from the Terms without affecting the legality, validity or
enforceability of the remainder of the Terms.
The
failure by CUBIC GAMES to exercise, or delay in exercising, a legal
right or remedy provided by these Terms or by law shall not
constitute a waiver of CUBIC GAMES’s right or remedy.
We
may make changes to these Terms from time to time and we will publish
the changes at this link. Changes will be effective when published.
Please review these Terms on a regular basis. You acknowledge and
agree that you express acceptance of the Terms of Services after the
date of publication shall constitute your agreement to the updated
Terms. If you do not agree with the amended Terms, you may terminate
these Terms in accordance with the set forth below.
If
we are unable to provide the Services as a result of force majeure,
we will not be in breach of any of its obligations towards you under
these Terms.
Governance
Law and Jurisdiction
These
Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with applicable law
of the Republic of Cyprus, without regard to its conflicts of law
provisions, including those that might imply the use of law of
another jurisdiction. You agree that the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall
not apply to any dispute or transaction arising under these Terms.
Exclusive
jurisdiction and venue for any judicial proceedings concerning the
subject matter of these Terms has the competent court of the Republic
of Cyprus, and each party waives any objection to the jurisdiction
and venue of these courts. However, we reserve the right to seek a
cancellation of any injunction relief in any jurisdiction where we
deem it necessary.
These
Terms are made in English language. We can provide you with a French,
German, Italian, Spanish and Portuguese translation of these Terms.
In the event of any inconsistency between a non-English translation
of these Terms and the English version, the English version shall
prevail.
YOU
EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND
UNDERSTAND ALL RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FOR THE
PROJECT. BY CONTINUING TO USE THE SERVICES OF THE PROJECT YOU
EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS YOU GRANT TO CUBIC GAMES
THE RIGHTS SET FORTH HEREIN.
CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED
Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis,2722, Nicosia, Cyprus
support.tos@cubicgames.com
ANNNEX
1 to
Privacy
Policy of the Pixel Gun 3D (the “Project”)
Below
you can familiarize yourself with the Partner Organizations and
Service Providers of the Project:
Unity
  Technologies Finland Oy
,
  a company registered at: Kaivokatu 8B, 00100, Helsinki, Finland.
  Unity's Privacy Policy that regulates the use of such Data by Unity
  available via following link:
https://unity3d.com/ru/legal/privacy-policy
;
The
  Fyber Group
(Fyber
  N.V., Fyber Monetization Ltd., Fyber GmbH, Fyber Media GmbH, Fyber
  RTB GmbH, Advertile Mobile GmbH, and Heyzap Ltd.) (hereinafter
  called "Fyber"), a company registered at the following
  address: Johannisstraße 20 10117 Berlin, Germany. Fyber’s Privacy
  Policy that regulates the use of such Data by Fyber available via
  following link:
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
;
AppsFlyer
  Ltd.
(hereinafter called "AppsFlyer"), a company registered at
  the following address: 100 1st Street, 25th floor San Francisco,
  California 94105, United States. AppsFlyer’s Privacy Policy that
  regulates the use of such Data by AppsFlyer available via following
  link:
https://www.appsflyer.com/ru/privacy-policy/
Flurry,
  Inc.
(hereinafter called "Flurry"), a company registered at the
  following address: 360 3rd Street, Suite 750, San Francisco, CA
  94107, United States. Flurry's Privacy Policy that regulates the use
  of such Data by Flurry available via following
  link:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy
Google
  Inc.
,
  a company registered at the following address: 1600 Amphitheatre
  Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043. Google's Privacy Policy that
  regulates the use of such Data by Google available via following
  link:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Applovin
,
  a company registered at the following address: 849 High St., Palo
  Alto CA 94301, United States. Applovin's Privacy Policy that
  regulates the use of such Data by Applovin available via following
  link:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AdColony
,
  a company registered at the following address: 1888 Century Park
  East, Suite 1450, Century City, CA 90067. AdColony's Privacy Policy
  that regulates the use of such Data by AdColony available via
  following link:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
,
  a company registered at the following address: 1 Hacker Way Menlo
  Park, CA 94025. Facebook's Privacy Policy that regulates the use of
  such Data by Facebook available via following
  link:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy/
Tapjoy
,
  a company registered at the following address: 353 Sacramento St 6th
  Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. Tapjoy's Privacy Policy that
  regulates the use of such Data by Tapjoy available via following
  link:
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/
Mopub
,
  a company registered at the following address: 1355 Market Street
  Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 United States. Mopub's Privacy
  Policy that regulates the use of such Data by Mopub available via
  following link:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
IronSourc
e,
  a company registered at the following address: 17 Bluxome Street,
  San Francisco, California. IronSource's Privacy Policy that
  regulates the use of such Data by IronSource available via following
  link:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/unity/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
My.Com
  B.V.
,
  a company registered at the following address: Barbara Strozzilaan
  201 1083 HN, Amsterdam, NOORD-HOLLAND Netherlands. My.Com B.V.
  Privacy Policy that regulates the use of such Data by My.Com B.V.
  available via following
  link:
https://legal.my.com/us/mytarget/privacy/
Vungle
  Inc.
,
  a company registered at the following address: 1255 Battery Street
  Suite 500 San Francisco, CA 94111. Vungle Inc. Privacy Policy that
  regulates the use of such Data by Vungle Inc. available via
  following link:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Bytedance Pte. Ltd.,
,
  a company registered at the following address: 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583. Privacy Policy that regulates the use of such Data by Bytedance Pte. Ltd available via following link:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy/enduser-en
FAITHFULLY
YOURS,
CUBIC GAMES
LIMITED
PARENT’S
GUIDE
CUBIC GAMES
projects can be a great source of entertainment and
learning for the whole family. We encourage parents to fully
appreciate what the playing games experience encompasses. Our
projects have an online element to them; allowing users
to take part in leader boards, join group games, or chat
to other users. Internet connectivity in a game adds
a new opportunity for gamers as it allows players
to find and play against, or with, other users. It is up to
parents to be informed about what and how your children
play and to make appropriate choices on their behalf.
Hereunder we talk about tools and resources you can use
to be informed about our projects and to ensure that
your children’s gameplay experience is a safe and secure
one.
What
we are doing to ensure the safety of children
1.  We do not
knowingly collect or solicit personal data, or direct,
or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the
age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our
Services. If we learn that we have collected personal
data about a child under age 16 without the consent of the
legal representative, we will delete that data as quickly
as possible.
See
more in our
Privacy Policy
.
2.  We respect
our users, and we put all our might into making the most fun
projects for them to enjoy.
3.  We want
you to be in a total control of your
experience with CUBIC GAMES projects. That means before you or your
child download our projects, we provide you with upfront
information about the project’s content.
4.  If you
or your child ever has any problems with our projects,
we provide many tools for you to be able to quickly
find out how to fix it.
What
parents need to know
We process
your personal data only when necessary to provide access to the
Project and (or) Services, while taking reasonable security measures
to protect your Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access,
disclosure, modification or destruction.
We collect
personal data on the following lawful basis:
•
The
data necessary to provide you with access to the Project
or the provision of our Services on the basis of the
Contract;
•
The
data necessary for marketing or analytical purposes on the
basis of your consent.
You’ll
have the option to share your email address with in case
you contact our support through the in-game chat. We’ll always ask
for your consent when sending direct marketing messages to your
mobile device. We won’t sell or disclose your personal
data to third parties for their own commercial purposes. Please
find out more about our privacy and data processing practices from
our
Privacy Policy
.
You
have all the technical capabilities to determine how the Data
shall be used. We are constantly improving the data
management methods available to you. Please, see our Privacy
Policy, to learn more about access and deletion of personal
data in.
What
you need to know about the gameplay
1.
Age limits
We develop
different projects for different target groups and our projects
do not have general age limits. Please note: you cannot accept
Terms of Service if you are not of legal age to form
a binding agreement with CUBIC GAMES. Before using projects, please
check their age limits. When you download our projects from e.g.
Google Play or Apple’s App Store you will find published age
recommendations in the apps description. However, these age
or maturity recommendations refer only to the content
suitability (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the
U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.). As these
ratings are done independently by a third party without our
contribution, they are not necessarily in line with our Terms
of Service. Please note: By accepting Terms of Service,
you acknowledge, represent and agree that you have reached the age
to enter into such binding agreement in the country in which
you are located or resident or that you have your parent
or legal guardian’s permission if required by applicable
law. You expressly represent that you are legally allowed to enter
into Terms of Service and that you do not violate any
applicable laws.
2.
User interaction
CUBIC GAMES
projects are a virtual interaction platform between users and
the products of Cubic Games Studio Ltd. Our projects include social and
interactive elements like chats or online competitions; project
groups can be expanded or altered by downloading
player-created content on the Internet.
Our
projects have an in-game chat functionality. These chats do not
constitute an electronic communication service (in legal
terms), so messages sent within such chats should not be
considered private or personal. We have RULES OF PROJECT
and technical measures for managing such chats to provide a fun,
safe and lawful environment for all our players. A simple rule
for young people when chatting and playing with others they only know
online is to stick to chatting about the game itself.
If the conversation changes and becomes more personal and/or
other player/s ask for things like personal information, to meet
up in the offline world or for images and videos then
it’s important for a child to show these messages
to a trusted adult. Make sure your child knows this rule
and knows that you are there to help and support them with
anything that happens online.
This
kind of contact from others online can be blocked. If you
need to report any concerns by email, reach us
at
support.tos@cubicgames.com
— including
specific details about the player in question (e.g. screenshots
of the conversation and or player profile), to help us
quickly understand and identify the issue.
3.
In-app purchases
CUBIC GAMES
projects are free to download, offering optional “in-app
purchases”. In-app purchases are never required to play the
game but can be used to enhance certain gameplay elements.
They are accessible “in game”, meaning that the options
to make a purchase are found within the game itself.
CUBIC GAMES does not process payments for in-app purchases or have
access to credit card information. We don’t process
payments for in-app purchases, nor do we have access to any
of your payment information. Payment transactions themselves are
processed through the App Store, Google Play or payment service
provider (depending on your device). If you decide to make
purchases for your child and for this reason add your payment
information to the device, remember to adjust password
protection settings, or disable in-app purchases on your
own device, entirely afterwards to avoid unauthorized purchases
(if applicable for your device). In-app purchase settings are
different depending on what sort of device you are using.
Find more information about the payment service provider and the
instructions linked below:
•
for
Apple iOS device
;
•
for
Google Android devices
;
If you
want to make an in-app purchase, the only way is to buy
through the game itself on your device. Beware of any third
party sites that promise you enhancements for our games. These sites
may collect your personal information, money, or both, and often
never deliver the promised in-game products. IMPORTANT: As with
anything related to the Internet, always keep your passwords
to yourself and consider changing them on a regular
basis. We will never ask you for your game account password(s)
or credit card information. Please note: The purchase
of a license for Intra-Project Values is final and
is not refundable, transferable, or exchangeable under any
circumstances, except as otherwise required by applicable
law or refund policy of the platform. CUBIC GAMES does not
give refunds for most purchases committed within the project.
However, there are exceptions (for refund policy see our
Terms of Service
)
You can also contact our support team. The support team can process
refunds pursuant to this policies and applicable laws.
4.
Cyberbullying
Cyberbullying,
or online bullying, is when someone uses the internet
to bully someone else. Cyberbullying often happens on personal
devices that young people have continuous access to,
e.g. a phone. This means it can happen anywhere and
at any time, so it can feel like it’s hard
to escape. It can be difficult to understand
behaviour online and some instances may be interpreted
as cyberbullying when in fact the intention wasn’t
to upset or harm someone. For example, a comment made
as a joke or ‘banter’ may still deeply upset and offend
someone. Online bullying can leave a trail of evidence
which can be helpful when dealing with the incident and
reporting it.
How
do I know if my child is being bullied online?
There
are no conclusive signs which will tell you if your child
is being bullied online. Whilst some children and young people
might show obvious signs of worry or upset, these could
relate to a range of issues and others might hide
it altogether. However, look out for:
•
Emotional
anger
•
Changes
in mood
•
Problems
sleeping and eating
•
Low
self-esteem
•
Self-harm
•
Withdrawal
from online activities
•
Sudden
changes in behaviour
•
Bullying
others
What
are the potential effects of cyberbullying? Being the victim
of cyberbullying can be very upsetting and distressing for
any child or young person. Cyberbullying effects everyone
in different ways and may have an impact on them later
in life.
What
should I do if my child is bullying others
online?
•
Establish
the facts of what has happened. Talk about the reasons that led
them to behave in such a way. Has there been
a misunderstanding? Did your child feel they could act
differently because they were behind a screen? Are others
involved? Are they trying to justify their actions by saying
it was a joke or they didn’t mean it?
•
It’s
important your child understands that bullying offline or online
is never acceptable. Help your child understand the consequences
of their actions. Talk through the impact it can have
on the victim as well as the consequences for them
as the bully.
•
Discuss
how you will move forward. Remind your child of the importance
of being a good friend and using technology responsibly.
Help them develop empathy for others as well has having respect
for themselves. You might choose to put restrictions on their
tech — such as monitoring their use until a time
when they can show they can be more responsible.
Parenting
Tips
We follow
generally accepted industry standards to protect your private
information. However, no method of transmission over the
Internet as well as method of electronic storage
is completely secured. Our projects can be played over
an Internet connection, and what players say and do online
is something that can’t be rated, or even predicted.
When your child plays games online, they’re often playing with
strangers. Some of them are other children, some are adult
users, and like any crowd, there’s bound to be some bad.
Unfortunately, the anonymity of online gaming seems to inspire
some players to shout obscenities, crude sexual comments or even
racial epithets. We strive to prevent this and block users
for such behavior. However, all the measures we take do not
remove your responsibility as a parent. A simple and
effective way to get involved with your children and their lives
online is through discussion. By maintaining an open
dialogue with your child and encouraging them to talk to you
about their internet use parents can help children access the amazing
resources the internet has to offer whilst keeping them safe
online.
Below
is a list of things that are worth discussing with
your child. Read it to help you understand how your child
is using our projects.
•
Have
a conversation with your child about gaming With the online
world being such a huge part of young people’s lives
today, it’s very important that we help them to understand
how to use it safely, sensibly and with an awareness
of how it can impact on them. Talk about your child’s
gaming habits. Encourage them to speak to you about
anything that upsets them.
•
Familiarize
yourself with the game and its reporting options We recommend
showing interest and even playing the game with your child at regular
intervals. Helpful hint: go through in-game tutorials and game
guides together in order to make sure you both understand
how the game works. Please report to us if you find any
suspect material.
You
can contact us in any convenient way.
•
Check
in-app purchase settings Get familiar with ways to restrict
or turn off in-app purchases on your child’s device
(if applicable for your device).
•
Talk
with your child about the risks of sharing information online
Carefully discuss the dangers of talking to strangers
online. They should develop a healthy skepticism of who
they’re talking to and about what. Key things they should NOT
share include: gender, age, location, ethnicity, religion, sexuality,
height, hobbies.
•
Report
& get help If all things fail and your child runs into
in-game problems, report it so we can help.
If you
have any questions, send us an e-mail
at
support.tos@cubicgames.com
FAITHFULLY
YOURS,
Cubic Games Studio Ltd
Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis,2722, Nicosia, Cyprus
support.tos@cubicgames.com
FAN
CONTENT POLICY
These
Rules for the creation of Fan Content govern the use
of copyright and related rights owned by Cubic Games Studio Ltd
(
“CUBIC GAMES”
)
associated with the Pixel Gun 3D project (hereinafter referred
to as the “Project”), including any objects provided
by us (“CUBIC GAMES Materials”) with the purpose of creating
Fan content.
1.
SPECIAL RULES FOR THE FAN CONTENT
Use
of CUBIC GAMES Materials in the creation of Fan content
by users (individuals) is allowed only for non-commercial
purposes, and also in compliance with the requirements of these
Rules and the
Terms of Service
.
Fan
content is the material that is the result of the
user’s processing / reinterpretation of CUBIC GAMES Materials.
The created Fan content can be implemented in order to create
non-commercial manuals and applications with manuals, fan meetings,
fan sites and other uses, provided they comply with these Rules,
Terms of Service and applicable law.
The
origin of the Fan content.
When
creating and (or) using Fan content, it is prohibited
to mislead users, to create the impression that CUBIC GAMES
sponsors, participates in the creation or in any other
way supports your Fan-made content.
When
using Fan content created from CUBIC GAMES Materials, use the following
message (or provide for it in the Fan Content part),
written in a legible for the users of the Fan Content:
“This content is not affiliated with CUBIC GAMES, is not
supported, is not sponsored or approved by it, and CUBIC GAMES
is not responsible for it.”
Restrictions
on use.
Any
use of CUBIC GAMES Materials and / or Fan Content should
be limited to its purposes: non-commercial information
interaction between users; and environment: on the Internet, on
any specialized resources, as well as mobile applications
on the Google Play and App Store platforms.
Violations
of the purposes of use include, but not limited to:
•
any
attempts to extract material benefits from the use of CUBIC GAMES
Materials and / or Fan Content are prohibited;
•
It is prohibited
to create Fan content that is contrary to the
applicable law, as well as aimed at inciting hatred
or enmity, as well as to humiliate the dignity
of a person or a group of persons based on sex,
race, nationality, language, origin, attitude to religion,
or a social group;
•
It is forbidden
to create new software products or content using CUBIC GAMES
Materials, for example, the Project, based on the characters
of the CUBIC GAMES Project. Even if they are free;
•
It is prohibited
to create content from CUBIC GAMES Materials that resembles the
CUBIC GAMES logos, trademarks or other elements of CUBIC GAMES
products and services. You can not change CUBIC GAMES Materials without
our official permission.
Violations
of the use environment include, but not limited to:
•
It is forbidden
to produce or distribute (free of charge or otherwise)
any material objects, for example, souvenirs with images of Materials
or other intellectual property objects of CUBIC GAMES, without
a separate formal written agreement between you and CUBIC GAMES.
•
It is prohibited
to create and (or) publish any literary works, theatrical
productions or other adaptations that include intellectual
property objects of CUBIC GAMES, without the express written
permission.
Ban
on domain registration and similar actions.
It is forbidden
to register domain names that include Project names, names and
distinctive features of the Project’s characters, as well
as containing in whole or in part CUBIC GAMES
Materials, social network accounts or corresponding addresses
for your Fan Content containing intellectual property objects and
CUBIC GAMES commercial notations (such as CUBIC GAMES, PIXEL GUN 3D),
without a separate written agreement with us.
2.
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS
Rules
and agreements for developers.
For
CUBIC GAMES, it is very important that you respect the rules
of the platform or channel where you share your
Fan-generated content. You must always follow the current rules and
agreements for developers.
Use
your Fan Content by us.
By accepting
these Rules, you grant CUBIC GAMES a non-exclusive license to the
territory of all countries of the world, by any means
and during the period of validity of exclusive property
rights, to the Fan content created by you, at no charge.
From time to time, we can use your Fan Content, without
compensation, for example, use it for promotional purposes.
3.
FINAL PROVISIONS
These
Terms are part of the CUBIC GAMES
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
and
we can change them at any time. The use of CUBIC GAMES
Materials for the creation of Fan Content is governed
by the CUBIC GAMES Terms of Service (including any provision
for waiver of warranties and limitation of liability).
In the event that the conditions of these Rules are
in conflict with the Terms of Service, these Rules shall
prevail over any issues related to the Fan Content.
FAITHFULLY
YOURS,
CUBIC GAMES
Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis,2722, Nicosia, Cyprus
support.tos@cubicgames.com
COMMUNITY
RULES
One
of Cubic Games Studio Ltd (hereinafter – “CUBIC GAMES”) top
priorities is providing a great player experience within
our Projects. To ensure a fun, safe, and fair playing
environment for everyone, this Fair Play Policy outlines the
behaviors and actions we define as forbidden acts. The list
of restrictions is developed with general principles
of humanity, legality, and provision of equal conditions
to users when using the Project and the Services and is not
exhaustive and does not cover all possible variants of unacceptable
behavior.
We strive
to prevent fraud and destructive behavior in our games
by all possible measures. For example, we have implemented
systems that actively prevent players from using profanity and/or
third-party software. If we are unable to apply
preventive methods, we use a combination of automated and
manual verification systems. We strive to ensure that all
rules are followed equally for everyone to provide a level
playing field for every user.
Compliance
with this Policy, the
Terms of Service
, the
Privacy Policy
, and
any other agreements published by CUBIC GAMES is mandatory for
all users when using the Project. CUBIC GAMES may restrict user’s
access at any time to the Services in case
of violation of this Policy, the
Terms of Service
,
Privacy Policy
, and any other agreements published by CUBIC GAMES.
Offensive
or toxic behavior
When
engaging in any in-game communication, we kindly ask that
you are respectful of others. It also applies to the
language used in your in-game name and guild name.
Offensive
and toxic behavior includes, but is not limited to:
general
  misconduct in chat, obscene or sexually explicit banter;
abusing,
  harassment, and (or) insulting users and (or) CUBIC GAMES. For this
  purpose, the “abusing and (or) insulting” shall include but not
  limited to a veiled insult, excessive swearing, explicit
  language, and obscene words as well as phrases delivered
  with intentional grammatical errors, replacement, separation,
  or removal of symbols. It is also forbidden to use
  coarse, abusive, and offensive expressions that go beyond
  cultural communication, or to threaten users, CUBIC GAMES,
  or other persons;
incitement
  of or starting up hatred on racial, national,
  religious, sexual, political, or other grounds;
distribution
  and (or) disclosure of any personal data (including the data
  received by fraud or extortion), including personal data
  of third parties without their consent and (or) in violation
  of the Privacy Policy, including home addresses, phone numbers,
  passport data, and logins and passwords from Accounts or e-mails.
If you
encounter instances of such behavior, please report it to us
by submitting a support ticket from the game
or messaging us on our community platforms. Players
submitting false reports may also be subject to the
sanctions mentioned above.
Cheating
Using
third-party software or manipulating your connection to our
servers to gain unfair advantages or resources
is considered a severe offense. By altering game
functionality, third-party software aims to provide unfair
advantages while putting your account and privacy at risk.
Examples
of cheating:
use
  of unauthorized third-party software when using the Services,
  including but not limited to: for hacking, fraud, application
  of bots and automation software and (or) changing the game
  process, the use of cheats and (or) methods that give the user
  an unreasonable advantage.
Trying
to gain an unfair advantage by using prohibited 3rd
party software will result in a permanent ban for any offending
account(s).
Purchasing
intra-project values outside of the project
There
are many third-party resources offering Intra-Project Values, but
none of them is an authorized partner of CUBIC GAMES.
Such services may steal your data and get access to your game
account. If you release your private information/credentials
to 3rd parties, you’re permanently placing your game and
financial/online security in a high-risk situation.
Examples
of fraud:
purchase
  of project elements, project achievements, Intra-Project
  Values, Virtual Items, and other elements of the Project and
  (or) Services in violation of these Terms, the Privacy
  Policy, and any other agreements published by CUBIC GAMES.
Account
trading or sharing
Provision
of access to the Account to third parties, sale,
exchange, gift, and any other use of the Account not related
to direct use by the relevant user of the Project and
(or) Services are against our Terms of Service. Such practices
may expose your personal and private information and place you
at risk of financial fraud. We cannot guarantee the
security of any account that has been passed from one player
to another. Additionally, we reserve the right to impose
sanctions on any account that has been transferred between
players.
Other
unacceptable behavior
placement
  of false and deceptive information regarding the Project and
  (or) Services, CUBIC GAMES, users and other persons, as well
  as posting information of any kind for the purpose
  of fraud and (or) access to Accounts and personal data
  of other users;
placement
  of erotic and pornographic materials or links to such
  materials as well as materials that promote narcotic substances
  and alcohol or links thereto;
begging
  in any form with respect to any individual or all
  users;
placement
  of any advertising messages including proposals for promotional
  codes, Intra-Project Values, Virtual Items, assistance in the
  development of characters and Accounts, links to external
  websites, as well as mass and (or) repeated distribution
  of similar messages. Mention and discussion of other projects
  and (or) games is not allowed;
dissemination
  of false or deceptive information about the fact
  of cooperation with CUBIC GAMES, including work on the
  development of the Project and (or) Services, moderating the
  communication of users, as well as dissemination
  of information on how to harm, exploit
  vulnerabilities of the Project and (or) Services, CUBIC GAMES
  websites, as well as dissemination and (or) disclosure
  of confidential information regarding the Services and plans
  for its development. For this purpose, the “confidential
  information” shall mean any information regarding the Services
  that has not been published by CUBIC GAMES as official news;
solicitation
  of users for violation of these Terms, Privacy Policy, and
  any other agreements published by CUBIC GAMES;
any
  actions, including but not limited to phishing other players’
  accounts, refund abuse, knowingly exploiting a bug, political
  statements of affiliation, support, or opposition;
any
  actions (omission) that are not expressly provided above, but beyond
  the normal process of using the Project and (or) Services, and
  that, in the opinion of CUBIC GAMES, violate applicable law,
  principles of morality and ethics, and (or) are undesirable for
  the majority of users.
Final
provisions
These
rules are made to ensure a safe and fair environment in the
CUBIC GAMES projects. It applies both to the use of the
Service and to all related services including but not limited
to specialized forums and fan groups in social networks.
For
violation of the aforementioned rules, the following
restrictions may apply to the user:
restriction
  of access to the Project and suspension of the
  provision of the Services and (or) related services for
  a certain period;
restriction
  of access to the Project and suspension of the
  provision of Services and (or) related services for
  an indefinite period;
cancellation
  of the Services’ elements, achievements of the user’s
  Account, and revocation of the rights to use the
  Intra-Project Values, Virtual Items (including the return of the
  Account to the condition prior to the violation of the
  initial state of using the Services) without any compensation and
  reimbursement whatsoever, if such Intra-Project Values, Virtual
  Items, achievements and (or) elements of the Services are
  received in violation of these Terms, the Privacy Policy
  and any other agreements published by CUBIC GAMES;
permanent
  termination of the Account.
CUBIC GAMES
may change or delete information posted by users of the
Services and (or) related services in violation of these
Terms, Privacy Policy, and any other agreements published by
CUBIC GAMES.
FAITHFULLY
YOURS,
CUBIC GAMES
Georgiou Griva Digeni, 113 Astromeritis, 2722, Nicosia, Cyprus
Email:
support.tos@cubicgames.com