Kings Head Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 5/29/2018
This privacy policy discloses our privacy practices. This privacy policy
applies solely to information collected by this web site and related applications.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site,
    how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Information
We collect the following personal information:
Email address
Device Identifier (Apple IDFA or Google Device Identifier)
Apple Game Center ID
Google Games Account ID
Facebook ID
IP Address
Information Processing
We use all personal information (email, device id, game center id,
google games account id, and facebook id) to facilitate billing,
authentication, and customer support.
We integrate the enumerated 3rd party advertising platforms into our applications to
attribute and serve advertisements in our applications.  This is the only approved
processing use by these 3rd parties. These 3rd parties use IP Address and
Device Identifier.  Please contact these parties directly for information
on your data:
Fyber: https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Ad Colony: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle: http://vungle.com/privacy/
Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Storage
We store the following personal information:
Email address
Device Identifier (Apple IDFA or Google Device Identifier)
Apple Game Center ID
Google Games Account ID
Facebook ID
We store this information indefinitely for processing in authentication and billing.
Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected. We only have access
to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, website,
or application. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We do not
collect personal information from third parties.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the
following at any time by contacting us via the email address at the end
of this document.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that
information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify
this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or
looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online,
we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted
access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which
we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Storage
Your information is stored indefinately for processing in authentication and billing.
Your information is encrypted at rest and only decrypted when needed for processing
as detailed above.
Your information is received and stored in the USA and is not transimitted
anywhere else for storage.
Cookies
We use cookies on this site. Cookies are used only to facilitate your login and
identification to this site.
Some of our service providers use cookies on our site (Facebook/Google). However,
we have no access to or control over these cookies.  These are used by Google/Facebook
in accordance with thier respective policies.
Some of our analytics providers use cookies on our site (Google). However,
we have no access to or control over these cookies.  These are used for
aggregate analytics about user behavior on our sites.  These analaytics
are not linked back to your personal information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We
encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the
privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable
information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be
posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should
contact us immediately via email to admin@kingsheadgames.com.
Contact
For information, deletion, and all other requests please contact:
admin@kingsheadgames.com.