Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
MigoApps - Privacy Policy
Last modification Date : February 1, 2023
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection and use of your information. As we update and expand our products, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By using our app, you consent to our information practices.
What information do we collect?
We may collect anonymous information about how you use our game, and about your configuration such as hardware type, screen resolution, the version of your operating system and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).
What do we use your information for?
Anonymous information that we collect from you during the use of our game will be used to improve our games, conduct research and create reports for internal use.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
This does not include trusted third parties (see below) so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third-party libraries privacy policies
We use Firebase Analytics to analyze how people play our games based on anonymized data. This allows us to continuously improve our games so they are more fun. For Firebase Analytics’ privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Advertisement
We show personalized ads to be able to keep the app free.
To learn more about AdMob’s policies please refer to their website :
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at : feedback.migoapps@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it