Reach Group - Privacy Notice
We have organised this Privacy Notice based on the different ways you might interact with us and what you might want to know.
Please use the contents list below to navigate to the section of the Privacy Notice which you are interested in. At the end of each section if you want to return to the contents list please click the link: ‘Click here to go back to ‘Contents’’
Last update: 23 January 2025
CONTENTS
Who we are and how to contact us
About this Privacy Notice
When you browse our websites and use our apps
When you create or sign into your online news or other Reach account
When you buy a product or service from us
When you opt to receive newsletters or marketing communications
When you enter a competition or prize draw
When you complete a survey
When you subscribe to our print, online or “e-publishing” titles, or place a classified ad
When you visit or interact with us on social media
When you apply for a job with us or work at other organisations we do business with
Further ways we may receive, use and share your data
How we keep your data secure, why we may keep it and countries we may transfer it to
How we ensure we protect children's privacy
UK and EU residents: your rights and how to exercise them
US and Canadian residents: relevant laws and rights
1. Who we are and how to contact us
We are the Reach group, which is made up of Reach plc and its subsidiaries. Reach plc is the largest national and regional news publisher in the UK with a portfolio in Ireland and the United States. We aim to create engaging, relevant content which is distributed through various channels and media including newspapers, magazines, and digital platforms – playing a central role in our audiences’ daily lives.
We are the name behind some of the UK’s most influential, iconic, and trusted news brands, such as the Daily Mirror, Daily Express, Daily Star and Daily Record, as well as leading celebrity and entertainment magazine OK! and the online shopping site Yimbly.com. We also publish leading regional titles including the Manchester Evening News, Liverpool Echo, and Birmingham Mail, plus the Mirror US and Express US. You can see the list of websites and brands we publish
here
.
Depending on who you are and how you interact with us, the legal “controller” of your personal data will be one or more of our group companies, like MGN Limited, Reach Regionals Media Limited, Express Newspapers, Reach Publishing Group Services Limited or Reach Shared Services Ltd (all at the address above).
We have appointed a Data Protection and Privacy Officer (DPO) to oversee our data protection and privacy practices. If you have any comments, concerns or questions, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, our DPO can be reached as follows:
If you are from the UK/EU:
By email:
dataprotection@reachplc.com
By mail: Data Protection Enquiries, Reach Plc, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5AP
If you are from the US:
By email:
privacyofficer@reachplc.com
By mail: Privacy Officer, Reach Plc, 19th Floor, 200 Liberty Street, New York, NY 10281
Your point of contact for anything to do with how the Reach group uses your personal data is the office of our group Data Protection Officer, who you can contact by submitting the relevant form accessible within the ‘Your rights and how to exercise them’ section by emailing
dataprotection@reachplc.com
or by writing to ‘The Data Protection Team’ at the address above.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
2. About this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice tells you about the kinds of information we hold about you, what we do with it, and why.
As a broad summary, in our business we use information about people:
To carry out our work as journalists, by investigating and reporting on stories of relevance to our readers.
To deliver our features and editorial content.
To provide services such as subscriptions, newsletters or marketing that people sign up to, and to operate interactive features like competitions and surveys.
To help us to understand our readers and target our marketing and advertising that enables us to continue to finance and bring you our feature and editorial content.
To sell products and services on our sites.
To carry out back-office administration and generally run and operate our business, for instance by administering our relationships with suppliers and partner organisations, or handling job applications.
Some specific activities and websites might have their own additional and complementary Privacy Notices which sit alongside this one. Generally, that will be the case for very specific services such as our commercial job boards or other specialist websites, or where we have a very specific kind of relationship with you (for instance if you are a member of our group pension scheme). We try to make it obvious where that is the case.
Privacy Notice Updates
We may update this Privacy Notice from time-to-time by posting a new version on our websites. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. Where changes are material, we may also notify you of them by email.
Data Protection and Journalism
The UK
In the UK the Data Protection Act 2018 provides an exemption from data protection laws to prevent unjustified interference with the work of journalists. We are members of the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) [
IPSO
] and therefore subject to the Editors’ Code [
Code
]. If you object to a story we have published that concerns you personally then you can find our complaints policy here [
UK Complaints
], which explains how to raise a complaint and how we will handle it.
Ireland
In Ireland we subscribe to the Code of Practice of the Press Council of Ireland and the Press Ombudsman, which set the benchmark for high professional standards. If you believe that we have got something wrong, or that we have breached the Code of Practice, please let us know at the contact details of the publication concerned.
The Code of Practice and details of how to lodge a complaint with the Press Ombudsman are available from:
Post: 1, 2 & 3 Westmoreland Street, Dublin 2.
Website:
www.pressombudsman.ie
Email:
info@pressombudsman.ie
Telephone: 1890 208 080
Fax: 01 6740046
Journalism and our use of Artificial Intelligence
We are increasingly using Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, to help us create and enhance our content.
Meeting the data protection requirements of our consumers is at the forefront of our AI decision making so as our uses develop we will provide more information in this Privacy Notice. For more information see our AI Notice on each website footer.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
3. When you browse our websites and use our apps
When you browse our websites or use our apps, we may collect technical and/or behavioural information about your use of our websites or other content online, and the device(s) you use to access the services. For example, this information may include details about how you browse our website and the devices and technology you use to browse our website. This may also include unique online identifiers such as device ID, device type, IP address and approximate location at the time of browsing. This may also include video viewing data and may link to your activity on other sites and allow us to recognise you or your device. We may use this to build a more detailed profile of you and your interests. We may also provide you with location-based services (for example, advertising and other personalised content), where we collect geo-location data.
Our advertising partners may receive some information about the device you are using and about what you look at and interact with. We do this for the purpose of choosing which adverts to show you, as well as to make our sites and apps work properly. It also allows us to diagnose problems with them and understand how they are used so we can make them better. Sometimes, we also apply a degree of personalisation in choosing which content to show you (for example, by recommending articles similar to those you’ve viewed previously).
You can learn more about what we do with this information and why in the sections below.
3.1 Targeting by Reach
3.2 Targeting by third party advertising networks
3.3 Making our sites and apps work properly and understanding how they are used
3.4 Website Notifications (Pop ups)
3.1 Targeting by Reach
We combine the information you give to us (for example, sign up information for newsletters and competitions) with the information we receive when you use our websites and apps, and analyse it in order to help us to understand your preferences and interests. We then associate this with a unique identification number. This is then used to tailor the content and advertising that you see on our websites and in our apps, so it is more likely to be of interest to you. We don’t share this personalised analysis with anyone outside Reach. In particular, it is not shared with advertisers or with the third-party advertising networks that we work with other than in highly aggregated form so that your personal data cannot be identified.
3.1.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
The data we use for this purpose is as follows:
The page you view, and associated information such as how long you spend on them.
Your approximate location, to city or town level.
Your email address, name and sometimes username and postcode, which we will receive when you sign up for an account on one or more of our websites or apps, when you subscribe to our newsletters or marketing, when you enter one of our competitions or when you complete one of our surveys.
The newsletters and marketing you have subscribed to, the promotions and competitions you have entered and the surveys you have completed.
We will analyse this information to infer interests, preferences, and demographic characteristics, and associate it with an internal identification number. For example, if our website analytics tell us that you are located in the approximate area of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and you read our online title ChronicleLive (which is focused on local news for that area), and you sign up to receive an email newsletter about football from our national title The Mirror, then we could infer from that you are interested in things related to a local football club or to football generally.
We then divide up our identification numbers into groups based on the inferences we draw about them. Those groups are called “audience segments” or “audiences”. So, for example, an identifier associated with Newcastle, ChronicleLive and the football newsletter could be allocated to audiences likely to be interested in football, and events near Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
We then use those “audiences” to do two things: first, to help us to recommend content which is more likely to be interesting (for instance, more articles about football), and second to help us to target advertisements when advertisers buy advertising space from us directly.
The advertiser would never see the actual data that we use – it remains with Reach at all times. All we would share with them would be the criteria we used to target their advert, how many times their advert was shown and how many people clicked on it (but not who), so that they know how well the advert did and we know how much to charge them.
3.1.2 Our legal basis
Your activity on our websites and in our apps can be managed by you using our “cookie banner” and related Consent Management Platform (CMP). The vast majority are used on the basis of your consent where you provide it. Some may use our Legitimate Interest and some are Essential – Please see our
Cookie Notice
for further information or the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage to manage your consents. When using our apps, if you want to change the settings, go to the ‘My Account’ Link at the bottom of the screen which includes ‘My Privacy’ and takes you to the CMP.
We combine that information with the other things we know about you (like your newsletter subscriptions) on the basis of our legitimate interest in understanding our readership, both to serve you better and to make us more attractive to advertisers. This helps us to secure a future for news reporting and journalism in the age of social media, especially local news reporting and journalism.
You do, of course, have an absolute right to object to this. You can always register your objection by completing the relevant form [
15.5. Your right to object to what we do with your data, and to have restrictions placed upon it
].
3.1.3 How long we keep it for
We keep the information about your activity on our websites and in our apps for up to up to three years since last browsing activity, with some anonymised browsing activity retained thereafter.
3.1.4 Who we share it with and why
The data which we use to create the unique identifier and our “audiences” is shared with the partners who provide us with the technology powering it, most notably Upland Software and Lotame, who host core data management platforms for us. They act as our “processors”. This means that they are bound by law and contract to do only what we tell them to do with the data, to keep it safe, and not to share it with anyone else or use it for anything other than providing their service to us.
3.1.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
Upland Software and Lotame are global businesses and so the data they host for us may be held outside of the country of collection. We have implemented the required safeguards as necessary (for example, standard agreements and frameworks approved by the relevant authorities).
3.2 Targeting by third party advertising networks
Digital advertising helps us to fund the news articles and content published on our sites and enables us to provide some of our content for free. We and our third-party ad partners may display digital advertising on our sites that is tailored to your interests and preferences so the online adverts you see are more relevant to you. We work with third party ad networks to fill unsold advertising space on our sites and in our apps by auctioning it automatically through a process called “real time bidding”. These ad networks bid to show their ad to you when you visit our sites or use our apps.
The ad networks exchange information through cookies, which allow them to recognise you when you visit any site that they work with (not just Reach sites). Where we use cookies on our sites for advertising purposes, we ask for prior consent. The cookie information will be used along with other information we hold about you to display digital advertising that is more relevant to you. It is important to note, however, that where you do not provide your consent for digital advertising you will still see digital advertising on our sites, but this will not be tailored to your interests and preferences.
Where you provide consent to using your data to create a profile for digital advertising we may also sell or share limited data types to our partners with whom we have a legally binding relationship for similar purposes; typically data on the page content which you have shown an interest in and online identifiers, not direct identifiers such as your email address. Captify is one such partner. They may act as an independent controller of your data, and their privacy policy is shown here:
Captify Privacy Policy
3.2.1 The data collected and how it is used
On your first visit to one of our sites or apps (and on other occasions to allow you to change your mind), you will be presented with a ”cookie banner”. This asks you if you consent to the use of cookies and related technologies for the purposes of, amongst other things, selecting and delivering ads. If you do, then the ad networks will be able to recognise your device according to a unique identification number.
We then send out a “bid request” to the advertising networks we work with. What that bid request says is, essentially, ”ID number ABC123 has landed on our website, do you want to show this user an advert?” The winner then gets to display their ad.
The auction process happens automatically, in the second or so between you requesting the page and its loading and displaying. The data used by the ad networks to select the ad to show is held by them, not us, and we never see it.
If we sell or share limited data to an ad partner, as described in 3.2, it will be used for profiling and digital marketing on Reach websites and apps, and potentially other sites & apps with whom the partner has a relationship, if you have given permission for that site or app to do so.
An important point to understand is that most of these ad networks will not know who you are in a “real world” sense. They will not know your name, or your email address, or your phone number (we may know those things because you’ve given them to us in other contexts, but we never share that information with them).
We say “most” because there are two significant exceptions, which are Facebook and Google. They provide targeted advertising services based on the things they know about their users, and so if you are signed into your account with them on your device, they will be able to recognise you and associate your browsing history across sites that use their services.
Data Matching
From time to time we may allow our clients to compare their customer database to ours using partner platforms such as InfoSum. This is called data matching and allows our partners to see if they can reach their audiences on our platforms and to understand if an advertising campaign would be effective.
Generally this will be conducted at an aggregate audience level to provide insights, rather than individual level information, although your information may be used to generate these insights. For example, this could involve matching your hashed, pseudonymised email data with the same data held by our advertising clients. This then enables the advertiser to understand if you use their products and visit our sites, then to use this data to target bespoke advertising messages.
Alternatively, we may allow advertising partners to build target audiences based on predefined attributes. These ‘lookalike’ audiences may be similar to our partners’ existing audiences. For example, a sports brand may want to reach ‘football enthusiasts’. They could select audiences who have been identified as having an interest in these areas. To do this, we segment our audiences into groups depending on what we think they like or other behaviours. This helps them find the right audiences and we are able to show you more relevant advertising.
The way we match your data could also involve working with partners such as Tradedesk and their group companies, acting as joint controllers. These partners use this information to create a secure online identification code for the purpose of recognising you for cross-channel advertising. This code is placed in our cookie, does not contain any of your identifiable personal data, and will not be used by them to identify you. With your consent it may be shared with our advertising partners and other third-party advertisers globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising through Reach sites. These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them to the pseudonymised code. Information on the Trade Desk’s use and how they work with partners can be found here
EUID Privacy Notice
. Alternatively to withdraw consent and object to targeted advertising based on the Trade Desk EUID activity click
here
. We also work with partners such as LiveRamp Inc, acting as our processor. Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in
LiveRamp’s Privacy Notice
and opt-out
here
.
If you accept the use of cookies in our Consent Management Platform, when you submit your email address to create an account or sign-up to a newsletter or marketing we may share your email address in a hashed form with Amazon Publisher Services (APS). APS then links the hashed email to a profile which they may already hold related to that address. The hashed email will be used in a secure, pseudonymised form within a cookie to flag to APS whenever you visit an APS enabled Reach website again. APS will use this to determine, in real-time, if any of their business customers want to market to a profile similar to yours. If this is the case they may initiate an advert which will appear to you on the Reach website concerned. The APS Privacy Notice can be found at
APS PN
. Alternatively to withdraw consent and object to targeted advertising based on APS activity click
here
. You can also visit
www.youradchoices.org
to have more information about how to manage your ad preferences.
Withdrawing consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time via our Cookie Management Platform accessed via the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage. For example, we will only match your hashed, pseudonymised email with an advertiser in the Infosum platform, if you have consented to your data being used by our adtech provider Lotame. We will also only work with partners such as LiveRamp, as described above, if you have accepted cookies in our Consent Management Platform.
Alternatively, if you would like to stop your email being used in this way please email dataprotection@reachplc.com, stating ‘opt out of hashed email’.
3.2.2 Our legal basis
Where required by applicable law advertising networks undertake this activity on the basis of your consent, which we ask for on their behalf through the ‘cookie banner’ which appears when you first visit our site. The ‘cookie banner’ message box will reappear from time to time in case you change your mind, or when something changes (typically every 30 days). Please see our
Cookie Notice
for further information or the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage to manage your consents. When using our apps, if you want to change the settings, go to the ‘My Account’ Link at the bottom of the screen which includes ‘My Privacy’ and takes you to the CMP.
Most of our third-party advertising partners operate within an industry framework and code of practice issued by the Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) called the “Transparency and Consent Framework”, which sets out the technical means for your choices to be passed through the ad networks. It also requires that members adhere to IAB policies and standards of behaviour.
Advertising partners who do not work within the IAB framework are listed separately in the platform which can be viewed in our Consent Management Platform (CMP) – please see our
Cookie Notice
for further information or click on the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage. In the Consent Management Platform popup go to the ‘Partners’ page and scroll down - IAB partners are listed first, then you'll see Non-IAB vendors and finally Google partners.
3.2.3 How long we keep it for
We do not ourselves hold a copy of the data gathered by the advertising networks. They will each have their own retention policies which you can find in their privacy notices linked through our ‘cookie banner’ – these are often short (between 30 and 60 days), because shopping interests change over time.
3.2.4 Who we share it with and why
When we participate in auctions for unsold advertising space, we send bid requests to third party advertising networks. You can find the list of third-party advertising networks who we work with by clicking on the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage and reviewing our Consent Management Platform.
3.2.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
The digital advertising networks are global in nature and so, while we are predominantly a UK business, this data will travel across international borders, and in particular many automated advertising transactions will be processed in the USA. Where we are the ones making the transfer (typically, we are not), we have implemented the required safeguards as necessary (for example, standard agreements and frameworks approved by the relevant authorities).
3.3 Making our sites and apps work properly, and understanding how they are used
We use the information logged by our servers and certain third-party analytics tools (such as Google Analytics, Amplitude, Mpulse and Hotjar) to help us to spot problems with our digital services, such as page errors or slow loading times, as well as understanding usage patterns and watching for security problems. This may include statistical and analytical data about your visits and activity on our sites, such as the pages you view, how long for, and which links are followed. This helps us to improve the way we deliver content and the products and services offered to you. We also use this data to report on our performance, provide audience insights and measurement, and to sell advertising.
We may also collect information from your devices that tells us whether you are using an ad blocker. This is so that we can manage our compliance with the law and also determine if we are able to show you advertising. We may also ask you to suspend or whitelist our sites or platforms so that we can show you adverts.
You can find more information below.
3.3.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
We gather data for this purpose in three ways.
Firstly, our servers record certain information provided by your devices when they request content, consisting mostly of technical information about your device such as language, screen size and the features and functions it supports, but also including the internet or “IP” address from which it is connecting, and the page or data requested. The data is used for system performance, content delivery and security purposes. It is saved together with the dates and times the requests occurred into files stored on our servers called “logs” or “log files”.
Secondly, on your first visit to one of our sites or apps (and every so often again after your first visit), you will be presented with a ’cookie banner’ asking you if you consent to the use of cookies and related technologies for our use of analytics. If you do, then several “cookies” (small text files) will be stored on your device containing identification numbers. Those numbers can then be read on your subsequent visits to recognise your device, and our analytics providers will use that information to provide us with various reports and metrics on how our sites are used. We also work with the analytics provider Amplitude, who collect measurement data on our behalf, as our processor. They collect this data for us, using their cookie, and only process your personal data with your consent. If you do not consent they will only provide us with anonymised data.
Thirdly, Google also uses the data that it gathers as a result for other purposes, which you can read about in the
Google Privacy Policy
. If you wish to opt-out of the use of Google Analytics you can access and download the Opt-out browser add-on from here:
GA Opt-Out
.
To withdraw your consent for how we are using your information, please see
15.4 Your right to withdraw consent.
3.3.2 Our legal basis
We process the personal data captured in our server log files on the basis of our legitimate interest in monitoring our systems, understanding how they are used, fixing problems with them, and for security monitoring and management purposes.
We process the data for determining an adblocker, on the basis of legitimate interest. As a predominantly advertising funded business, we do rely on our ability to show you advertising to help ensure we are able to provide you with the products and services you request.
We process the personal data captured by our analytics providers on the basis of your consent, which we ask for through a “cookie banner” which appears when you first visit our site. That message box will reappear from time to time in case you change your mind (typically every thirty days), and on your first visit after we make a significant change.
3.3.3 How long we keep it for
We keep the information in our server log files for up to one year, depending upon the log type and purpose.
Our analytics providers will keep the information they gather from our sites and apps in line with their own privacy notices, which you can access through our ‘cookie banner’ and Consent Management Platform (see the ‘cog icon’ or link at the bottom of every webpage).
3.3.4 Who we share it with and why
We use AWS and CloudFront to help us to analyse our server log files. They act at our direction, as our “processor”.
The information gathered using Amplitude or Google Analytics is held by Amplitude or Google and is made accessible to us through various dashboards and reporting tools.
The following providers are key to providing additional website analytics or diagnostic capability:
Akamai Mpulse (
https://www.akamai.com/legal/privacy-and-policies
)
Chartbeat (
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/
)
Hotjar (
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/
)
Viafoura (
https://viafoura.com/privacy-policy/
)
Amplitude (
https://amplitude.com/privacy)
Google Analytics (
https://policies.google.com/privacy)
3.3.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
The technology providers we use are global businesses. The data is located in Ireland with some being routed through AWS outside of the UK and EEA. We have implemented the required safeguards as necessary (for example, standard agreements and frameworks approved by the relevant authorities).
3.4 Website Notifications (Pop ups)
We provide news and updates about our sites via push notification messages or ‘pop-ups’. This is a free service. Our legal basis is consent, as the notifications are only sent to you if you have clicked on a button to allow it (you may have accidentally selected to receive notifications).
We have no control over your subscription to notifications as it is controlled by your browser and device. We do not store any recognisable data about you or your device in connection with the push notification service.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving notifications please follow the instructions here:
Airship
and
One Signal
.
If you need additional assistance in relation to push notifications, please contact the team at
dataprotection@reachplc.com
- with the Subject heading: Push Notifications
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
4. When you create or sign into your online news or other Reach account
Some elements of our websites and apps require you to create an account in order to use them; for example, the ability to leave comments under articles or to use some of the functions of “InYourArea”.
This section covers the following:
4.1 Online News account
4.2 Specialist Accounts including Funeral Notices, Bookanad, Marketplacelive, and Family Notices sites
4.1 Online News account
We use your email address and the other information that you give to us as part of the account creation process to operate your account and provide those functions. When you are signed in with your Reach account, we will also have the ability to associate your account details with the information we gather through our analytics tools about how you use our sites.
4.1.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
When you create an account we may collect your name and email address.
For services that provide local information (like InYourArea) we will also collect your postcode and any associated areas of local interest that you want to be updated about. If you subscribe to a paid version of our sites such as
Premium
or
Privacy Plus
(without personalised advertising and ad tracking) we will collect your payment details, in order for us to fulfil your subscription. For more information on subscriptions see
9. When you subscribe to our print or “Digital Edition” titles.
Some services may let you upload your own content to our sites, such as comments or pictures. Those things will, by the nature of the service, be generally visible on the site and may be attributed to user names. Your comments may be used in print, online or on the social pages for brands owned and published by Reach plc. We may also record what types of content you have commented on, and associate this with our profile of you. Please do not provide any personal data which you do not want to be published. Comments will be subject to moderation checks before publication.
We use this information to operate your account and to enable you to log in and use our services; for example, on InYourArea we use your postcode to identify the correct local information to display to you.
You may also be invited during the account creation process to subscribe to one or more of our newsletters, or to opt in to receive certain special marketing offers and promotions. You can read more about that by navigating to the appropriate section of this Privacy Notice via the ‘Contents’ list.
Click here to go back to ‘Contents’
.
Unless you object, we will also associate your online account sign-up data with the other things we know about you, like your page views. You can learn more about that, including how to object,
here
.
4.1.2 Our legal basis
We process your email address and the other information you give to us in order to provide the relevant function or service of our sites on the legal basis of consent. We associate the data which you provide on sign-up with the profile created from your browsing activity on the basis of our legitimate interest. If you wish to object to this, where permitted by applicable law, please see section
Targeting by Reach
.
Our legal basis for any resulting email marketing is your consent –
see here for further information
.
4.1.3 How long we keep it for
We will keep your account active for as long as you continue to use it, and for up to 3 years afterwards.
4.1.4 Who we share it with and why
We use a technology provider called
LoginRadius
to handle the technical aspects of operating your account on our behalf. They host your email address and password. They act as our “processor”, meaning that they are bound by law and contract to keep your data safe, and to do only what we tell them to do with it.
4.1.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
Our user account technology provider LoginRadius is based in California and India, and so your personal data will be processed from those locations as part of their provision of their service to us. We have implemented the required safeguards as necessary (for example, standard agreements and frameworks, approved by the relevant authorities).
4.2 Specialist Site Accounts
This section covers when you create an account and use our services on the Funeral Notices, Bookanad, Marketplacelive, and Family Notices sites.
4.2.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
In order to use many of our website features you will have to create an account, for example, if you wish to post a funeral notice, upload a tribute to a notice, post an announcement, place an advertisement, or place a notice.
When you create an account we will collect, at a minimum, your name and email address. In some circumstances, we may also collect your address and your telephone number. We use personal data as part of the account creation process, and to ensure ongoing operation of your account, and access to the services available on our websites.
We use all this personal data to (i) operate your account and to enable you to log in and use our services, (ii) manage and administer your notice, announcement, and/or advertisement, and (iii) provide you with some of the features and functionalities that are reserved for account holders.
Some examples of using the personal data you provide include:
When creating a local obituary notification on our Funeral Notices website, we use your city/town to ensure that we provide information that is relevant and useful for you.
When managing a live advertisement, if your advertisement has been successful, you can log in to your account and change the status of the advertisement to closed, ensuring that you no longer receive communications relating to that advertisement.
When you post a notice and/or an announcement and, as part of this post, provide personal data that relates to a living third party, you are responsible for making sure that you have obtained the appropriate permissions for sharing their personal data. For example, uploading a photograph or a video to a notice that contains the image of another person(s).
Some of our services may allow you to upload your own content to our websites, for example any comments, pictures, or videos uploaded as part of an advertisement or a notice. Such content, by the nature of our service, will be visible on the website to other users and the general public. When creating a new notice or announcement, or interacting with an existing one, please do not provide any personal data which you do not want to be published and accessible by the general public.
The “controller” for advertising activities on some of our websites is Proweb. See 4.2.7.
4.2.2 Funeral Notices Pay-to-use services
Once you have created an account on Funeral Notices, our products/services will be made available for purchase.
When you purchase a product/service, either online, via our website, or offline, via our call centre, we will use the personal data that you have provided during the account creation process to administer the sale of the product/service you have selected. We may also collect additional personal data in order to enable the sale, including the processing of payment information provided by you during the checkout process.
4.2.3 Funeral Notices Free-to-use services
Some of our Funeral Notice services are made available for free, and may allow you to upload your own content to our websites, for example any comments, pictures, or videos uploaded as part of a tribute. Such content, by the nature of our service, will be visible on the website to other users and the general public.
Once you have created an account, some of our products/services may enable the disclosure of information typically viewed as sensitive, for example providing information about your religious beliefs when dedicating a prayer or a religious notice to a loved one.
When uploading information to our websites, please do not provide any personal data which you do not want to be published. It is also important to note that all comments on active notices will be subject to moderation checks before publication.
When you request either of the above Funeral Notices services and, as part of this service, provide information concerning a living third party, you are responsible for making sure that you have obtained the appropriate permissions for sharing this information. For example, uploading a photograph or a video to a tribute that contains the image of a large number of individuals.
4.2.4 Notices placed by Funeral Directors
We offer Funeral Directors across the UK the option to use our service, and to post funeral notices for publication on the relevant area of our website.
If you instruct your Funeral Director to post an online funeral notice on our website, then the information that you provide your Funeral Director will be posted on our website.
Please note that when collecting information to inform their funeral notice, Funeral Directors will do so as “data controllers”. This means that they are responsible for how they handle and use the personal data that they collect from you.
4.2.5 Our legal basis
We process your email address and the other personal data provided during the account creation process so that we may fulfil the contractual obligations owed for the sale of a product/provision of a service, e.g., the posting of an online and/or in-print advertisement and/or notice. This includes the processing of any payment information that is required to facilitate the sale of such products/services.
We process your email address and the other personal data you provide during the account creation process on the basis of your consent for us to provide and operate an account on your behalf.
We process any personal data that you upload to our websites to deliver notices on the basis of our legitimate interest in operating an online obituary service. Please note that, when uploading content, you are in complete control of what you post.
We process your payment information in order to fulfil contractual obligations owed for the sale of a product/provision of a service, e.g., the posting of an online and/or print funeral notice.
We process any sensitive information you provide regarding your religious beliefs on the condition that, by making a post on a generally accessible website, you have manifestly made the information public.
The posting of a funeral notice, by a Funeral Director, is always performed based on the instructions that are provided to individual Funeral Directors by the families of the deceased, and in accordance with the performance of the contract that you have entered into with the Funeral Director.
4.2.6 How long we keep it for
As a general principle, we will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary. More information on particular retention periods is provided below.
Website data
Our analytics providers will keep the information they gather from our websites in line with their own privacy notices, which you can access through our ‘cookie banner’ and Consent Management Platform (see the ‘cog icon’ at the bottom left of every webpage)
Account data
Bookanad - When you make a booking through our bookanad website, we will keep your account active for as long as you continue to use it, and it will remain active until you request its deletion, or an inactive period of 7 years has elapsed.
Funeral Notices, Family Notices, and Marketplacelive - When you register for a new account on Funeral Notices, Family Notices, and Marketplacelive, we will keep your account active for as long as you continue to use it, and it will remain active until you request its deletion.
If you have made a purchase, we will keep a record of your transactions for a period of 7 years post-transaction.
Funeral Notice data
All funeral notices, posted by Funeral Directors and the general public, will remain accessible on our website indefinitely, so that the passing of a loved one may remain remembered forever. This will include any tributes posted on a funeral notice, and all other related services, for example remembrances.
4.2.7 Sharing your personal data with third parties
We will only share your personal data with a third party if there is an appropriate contract in place that binds that third party to act in accordance with our instructions.
Further information regarding the third parties that we share your personal data with is detailed below.
Proweb
. We use a third-party provider called Proweb to handle the technical aspects of operating an account on our behalf, managing bookings made through Bookanad, and administering our email lists. In order to provide us with this service, they will process the personal data that you provide when you create an account and place a booking, in addition to other information that is captured from your use of our website.
When providing these services, they act as our “data processor”, meaning that they are bound by law and contract to keep your data safe, and to do only what we tell them to do with it.
On two of our websites, Marketplacelive and Family Notices, Proweb manages the online advertisements that are displayed on-site. These advertisements will be personalised to you, based on your use of the site, if you have accepted the placement of advertising cookies on-site. For this activity, Proweb will be acting as a data controller; their Privacy Notice can be accessed here:
Proweb Privacy Statement
.
Donatis
. We use a third-party provider called Donatis to manage all of the charitable donations made through our Funeral Notices website. Please note that Donatis are a “data controller”, therefore, all on-site donations will be processed in accordance with their own
Privacy Notice
, and Terms and Conditions.
When you write a message to accompany your donation, this message will be posted as a tribute on the funeral notice and, once the donation period has closed, this message will be shared with the Funeral Director that posted the notice, so that they may share all of the donation messages with the family of the deceased. If, when writing a message, you choose to make it private then, once the donation period has closed, this message will be shared with the Funeral Director and the family. A private message will not be posted on our website.
When you make a donation, and select Gift Aid, we will share some personal data with the relevant charity. This will include your name, email address, and donation amount. This information enables the chosen charity to avail of the UK Government’s tax relief program, meaning that they receive more of your donation than they otherwise would. Please note that Gift Aid is only available to UK tax residents; further information regarding Gift Aid can be found
here
.
Payment processors
. We use third party payment processors to handle payments made through our websites. These third party payment processors may act as both a “data controller”, meaning that they define why and how to process the payment information you provide, and a “data processor”, meaning that they act in accordance with our specific instructions when processing your transactional data.
Ancestry
. Ancestry is a sponsor of our Funeral Notices website. A link to their website can be found on the sponsorship icon visible on all funeral notices. Please note that by clicking on the ancestry sponsorship area of the funeral notice page, you will be taken to Ancestry’s own website, where an automatic search will be performed on the name of the deceased. This search will be performed based on the URL that you have visited Ancestry from. We do not share any of your personal data with Ancestry; however, if you register for an Ancestry account, after following a link within a notice, Ancestry will be able to identify that you came from our website.
AddThis (Oracle)
. We have installed a tool called AddThis, provided by Oracle, on various pages of our websites. This tool provides you with the ability to share a notice on social media platforms of your choice. When you interact with the AddThis tool, and decide to share a notice on social media, AddThis will collect some personal data from your interaction. AddThis collects your personal data as a “data controller”, meaning that they will use it for their own purposes. Further information on how AddThis uses personal data can be found in their
Privacy Policy
.
4.2.8 Working at an organisation that we do business with
For all of our customers and other organisations we do business with, we will have the business contact details of the people we work with at those organisations, and we will use them to manage and administer our relationship with that organisation. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest in managing and administering those relationships.
We keep the details of our contacts at organisations we do business with for as long as we continue to have a business relationship, and for a period thereafter for business development purposes and in case of issues or disputes.
4.2.9 Advertising as a company that we do business with
When you place an ad, e.g. as a funeral director, we will collect your name and contact details, your postcode, your payment information, and of course the content of your ad. We will use that information to publish and administer your ad, and to communicate with you about it. The content of your ad will be published and therefore accessible to the public. We do this on the basis that it is necessary to fulfil the contract agreed with you when you place your ad.
We will retain the contact details of private individuals for up to 7 years from the point of last interaction, and trade contact details for as long as we have a business purpose.
Your ad itself will be retained indefinitely, on the basis of our legitimate interest, in order to maintain our archive and back issues services.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
5. When you buy a product or service from us
At Reach, we manage two main online e-commerce platforms:
Yimbly.com
and
OK! Beauty Box
. In addition we run a number of ecommerce sites associated with our newspaper brands such as
Reach Sport Shop
or our
Regional Newspaper Shop
.
For information on how we process your data on these sites see below. For information on discount codes, vouchers, cashback accounts and affiliate sites see
12. Further ways we may receive, use and share your data
When you place an order for a product or service with us, it is necessary to share specific personal details to ensure the seamless fulfilment of your order. This information may be gathered during the registration process or by placing an order via our checkout. In certain situations, we share with a third party that will collect and process this information on our behalf to fulfil your order.
5.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
We may collect and use data in a number of ways when you buy a product or service from us. These include:
When you explore any of our websites and utilise your account for purchasing products, services, or redeeming digital vouchers.
When you make an online purchase and opt for guest checkout (in which case, we only gather transaction-based data).
When you opt-in to marketing
When you create an account with us.
While shopping online, we gather information through cookies and similar technologies – you have the control to manage these settings during your site visit.
When you interact with us on social media.
When you engage with chatbots on our site, to communicate with us and ask us questions.
Upon signing up for an account you will join our loyalty program, you gain access to a designated area on our sites. This space is designed to collect and store all your receipts, guarantees, and warranties for your convenience with each purchase whilst generating points that convert into monetary value.
When you reach out to us through various channels with queries, complaints, etc. For example, when you contact our customer service team regarding an order.
Upon participating in prize draws or competitions.
When you opt to complete surveys we send your way.
When you share comments or reviews on our products and services.
Any individual has the right to access personal data related to them, including opinions. If your comment or review contains information about the sellers who provided the service, it may be shared with them upon request.
When you authorise a third party to share information they hold about you with us.
We collect data from publicly available sources when you have given consent to share information or when the information is made public as a matter of law.
When you join our Loyalty programme we will use the relevant personal data that will allow us to give you rewards, for more details about personal data please see the
Yotpo privacy policy.
5.2 Our legal basis
The regulations on data protection outline various reasons for which a company may gather and process your personal data, including:
Consent: In specific instances, we may collect and process your data with your explicit consent. This can happen, for example, when you willingly opt into marketing communications or create an account with us. When gathering your personal data, we will always communicate clearly which data is essential for a particular service.
Contractual Obligations: Under certain circumstances, we may require your personal data to fulfil our contractual obligations. For instance, when you place an order for delivery, we will collect your address, billing/delivery, mobile and name to ensure the successful delivery of your purchase, sharing these details with a courier as needed.
Legal Compliance: If mandated by law, we may be compelled to collect and process your data. For instance, we might share information about individuals involved in fraudulent or criminal activities impacting us or our sellers with law enforcement.
Legitimate Interest: In specific scenarios, we may require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a manner that is reasonably expected in the course of operating our business, and that does not significantly affect your rights, freedom, or interests. For example:
We will share your personal data for the fulfilment of your order.
We may utilise your purchase history to determine the offers we send you.
Direct marketing emails may be sent when you shop with us and choose not to opt out, commonly known as a 'soft opt-in.'
Combining the shopping history of numerous customers helps us identify trends, meet demand, and develop new products/services.
Your address details may be used to send you direct marketing information by post, informing you about products and services that we believe may interest you.
We may reach out to you for market research and to enhance our services.
With your explicit consent, or if you shop with us and do not opt out of receiving our emails ('soft opt-in'), we may use your personal data, preferences, and transaction details to keep you informed through email, text, telephone, and our contact centres about relevant products and services, including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions, etc. You can opt out of this at any time.
When you come to our eCommerce site via one of our social media websites, we will receive information, such as your name, email and ID (via an API) that will help us detect how you have come on to our site. This helps us to understand how our advertisements are performing on different social media platforms.
We will share your personal data in the fulfilment of our Loyalty Programme.
Sharing the information you provide and other information held about you within our Group companies, for the purposes of this Privacy Notice. For more information see section
12.9 How we work with Group Companies
5.3 How long we keep it for
Reach will retain your personal data in accordance with the law and relevant regulations and will store the data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. The period for which we keep your personal data will be determined by the purpose for which we are using the data, and our legal and regulatory obligations.
5.4 Who we share it with and why
We use Klevu, Shopify and Mirakl to manage and connect the different parts of our Yimbly.com and OK! Beauty Box ecommerce sites. They act at our discretion, as our “processor”. For more information on what each processor specifically does please see below:
Klevu:
https://www.klevu.com/privacy-policy/
Mirakl:
https://www.mirakl.com/privacy-policy
Shopify:
https://www.shopify.com/uk/legal/privacy
Recharge:
https://rechargepayments.com/
TrustPilot:
https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/for-businesses/business-privacy-policy
Yotpo:
https://www.yotpo.com/privacy-policy/
Paypal:
https://www.paypal.com/uk/legalhub/privacy-full
Klarna:
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/
Clearpay:
https://help.clearpay.co.uk/hc/en-gb/articles/900006078786-Privacy-Policy-
Salesforce:
https://www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/
We will also share your name, address, email and payment details with our sellers in order to fulfil an order. Our legal basis for doing this would be contractual as it is necessary in order for you to receive your goods.
We may also provide sellers with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant ads and to see how effective they are. We would not share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code that would anonymise information like an email address. Our legal basis for doing this would be consent. We would attain your consent when you accept our use of cookies on our site and you have the right to opt out at any time. For more information see section
3. When you browse our websites and use our apps
Generative AI Tools
We may share personal data with Generative tools like OpenAI on a 30 day or zero data retention basis for the purposes of:
Customer Services Experience
. To automate our responses to you and provide you with context relevant to your enquiry we may use data we have stored about you such as previous enquiries, order history, recent site activity, product reviews, loyalty & rewards.
Personalised product recommendations & merchandising
. To enable us to present the right product to you as you progress through the website, or via marketing communications (if we have the permission), based on your purchase history and recent activity.
We may also use AI, although not involving personal data, for Business intelligence purposes, to identify patterns, spot inconsistencies, predict trends, and deliver insights that lead to a better understanding of our business across all functions. Our legal basis for doing this would be legitimate interest. To opt out of your data being shared in this way email
dataprotection@reachplc.com
, stating ‘opt out of AI Tools’.
5.6 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
From time to time we may transfer your personal data to service providers based outside of the UK and EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. In particular, we do this in regard to our email and SMS service providers, managing our marketing activities and for the processing of orders, subscriptions and payments. Where these transfers take place, your personal data will continue to be subject to safeguards set out in the law and we have mechanisms in place to ensure your data receives equivalence in protection to that within the UK and EEA. An example safeguard is standard agreements that have been approved by the relevant authorities. For more information see section 13:
How we keep your data secure, why we may keep it and countries we may transfer it to
.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
6. When you opt to receive newsletters or other marketing communications
We use the information you provide us with, such as email, address, or phone number, to communicate with you for the purpose you provided it, either based on your consent or where we have legitimate grounds to do so. For example, if you sign up for a newsletter or other marketing communication then we will use the email address you provide to send you that newsletter or marketing, and we may also send you text messages if you have opted in to receive these. These may include special offers and promotions. Alternatively, If you have bought a product from us, from one of our ecommerce sites [see
5. When you buy a product from our ecommerce sites
], we may send you emails about similar products and services, from the brand you purchased the product from, provided you didn’t opt out when we collected your data.
The links in our emails are unique to your email address, and so if you click on them our servers will attribute that click to your email address and that information will be associated with your
unique identifier
. If you choose to allow your email program to load the images in our emails, we will also be able to see that you opened the email. You can find out more about each of these activities below. You can update your marketing preferences at any time. If you would like to unsubscribe (or opt-out) of receiving these emails please click the links on the emails you receive, text STOP to opt out of text messages, or contact dataprotection@reachplc.com.
Working with Partner Companies
When you give us your email address for marketing purposes, we may convert it into a hashed, pseudonymous form, and subsequently share it with selected partners who use this information to create an online identification code, for the purpose of recognising you on your device.This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you.
We convert your email based on legitimate interest and you can opt out of your email being shared in this way by emailing
dataprotection@reachplc.com
, and stating ‘opt out of hashed email’. For more information on how these partners may subsequently use this code to serve you targeted advertising, with your consent, please see section
Data Matching
.
In addition, we may work with a partner company to send our communications to you. For example, you may have consented to an email from Reach via the Substack platform. For these emails Substack are the controllers of your data, and you will have agreed to their
Privacy Notice
when you signed up. You can opt out of receiving their newsletters at any time via the email you receive or by emailing privacy@substackinc.com.
6.1 Sending you the newsletters and marketing you subscribe for
We will use the email address you give to us to send newsletters or our marketing offers and promotions to you.
When you subscribe to one of our email newsletters, or marketing emails, we will send those newsletters (or marketing emails) to the email address you provided. It will always be clear who the newsletter or marketing offer or promotion has come from, and we don’t sell or give our email lists to anyone else.
If you want us to stop, the easiest way is to click on the “unsubscribe” link which you will find at the bottom of every email, text STOP to opt out of text messages, or contact
dataprotection@reachplc.com
.
In some jurisdictions outside of the EU/UK, and where permitted by applicable law, we may purchase/rent lists of persons who may be interested in our products and services. We may contact such persons by email.
6.1.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
We collect your email address in order to send you the newsletters or marketing you subscribe to. When you sign up for newsletters from our “In Your Area” local information website, we will also collect your postcode in order to provide the correct local information.
Sometimes, our newsletters will contain advertisements.
Unless you object, we will also associate your newsletter and marketing subscription with the other things we know about you, like your page views. You can learn more about that
here
.
6.1.2 Our legal basis
We use your email address to send you the newsletters and marketing you subscribe for on the basis of your consent. You can withdraw that consent at any time. The easiest way to do so is to click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every newsletter we send.
We associate your email subscription with the other things we know about you on the basis of our legitimate interests. You can learn more about that
here
.
6.1.3 How long we keep it for
We will keep your email address on the subscription list for the relevant newsletters or marketing emails until you unsubscribe from them. Furthermore, we will stop sending you a newsletter (or marketing email) if we see no activity (e.g. no links clicked on) for a period of time, and generally but not exhaustively, after 24 months.
6.1.4 Who we share it with and why
Processors provide the technology platforms which we use to administer our email lists and to manage the adverts in our emails. They act as our “processors”, meaning that they are bound by law and contract to keep your data safe, and to do only what we tell them to do with it.
6.1.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
Email administration data is hosted within the EEA. Advert management services data is processed from the UK and EEA.
6.1.6 Whether we send it abroad
The data is hosted and processed within the EEA.
6.2 Tracking technologies used in our emails
If you tell your email application to load images we will know when you open one of our emails. When you click on links in our emails, we will know that it was you who clicked on it. We use this information to inform the content of future newsletters or marketing (by looking at what’s popular), and to understand whether you continue to be interested in receiving them.
Unless you have previously objected, we will also associate that information with other things we know about you. You can learn more about that here in
Targeting by Reach
.
6.2.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
We track engagement with our emails in two ways.
Firstly, as for most email newsletters and promotions worldwide, our emails don’t attach any pictures they use to the email itself, but instead load them from a remote server on demand. By default, most email programs don’t load remote images automatically, but only when you click on the button or link in the program to “show images” (or similar wording). When you do that, the images linked in the email are downloaded from our technology provider’s server so they can be displayed in your email program.
If the images are downloaded, our technology provider can tell us that you opened the email.
Secondly, the links in our emails to articles and other external content are personalised, such that if you click through to the content using the link in our email, we will know that it was you who clicked it (or at least, someone reading the email we sent to you). This is because we use web beacons in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns. Our web beacons don’t store any information on your computer but, by communicating with our cookies on your computer, they can help us to understand how you engage with our emails.
6.2.2 Our legal basis
We record the opening of emails on the basis of your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time either by configuring your email client not to load images, or by unsubscribing from the relevant email.
We use the personalised URLs for links to external content on the basis of our legitimate interest in understanding how you engage with our emails and which kinds of content are of most interest to you. You can object to this use of your personal data by completing the relevant form
Your right to object to what we do with your data, and to have restrictions placed upon it
.
6.2.3 How long we keep it for
The data gathered to understand email opening and interests related to articles and links within the emails is retained for as long as you continue to engage with our emails, and for a period of up to 3 years afterwards.
6.2.4 Who we share it with and why
Third party processors provide the technology platforms which we use to administer our email lists and to manage the adverts in our emails. They act as our “processors”, meaning that they are bound by law and contract to keep your data safe, and to do only what we tell them to do with it.
6.2.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
The data is hosted in the Republic of Ireland, the UK and Denmark.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
7. When you enter a competition or prize draw
From time to time we run competitions and prize draws which require you to provide your name and contact details. We use that information to administer the competition or prize draw and to communicate with you about it (for example if you win a prize).
We may also use that email address to send you occasional special offers and promotions, if you opted in to receive them.
See here
for more information on that and how to unsubscribe.
Unless you have objected, we will associate the fact that you entered the competition with the other things we know about you, like your page views. You can learn more about that
here
. We may also run some competitions or prize draws for which we utilise your declared responses to build into our profile about you. When we do so, this will be communicated in the associated text, and you will be asked to either consent to this use or will be given the option to ‘object’ via a tick box.
7.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
When you enter a competition or prize draw we will collect the information you provide to us, such as your name, email address and answers to any questions. We will use that information to run the competition or prize draw. If you happen to win a prize, we may ask you for additional information, such as an address to send the prize to. As highlighted above, we may also retain your responses as part of a profile about you.
7.2 Our legal basis
We do this on the basis that it is necessary to fulfil the contract formed with you when you enter the competition or prize draw. Use of your declared data for profiling purposes will be based either upon consent (via tick box) or our legitimate interest, for which you will be given the option to ‘object’.
7.3 How long we keep it for
We will keep your competition entry for the duration of the competition and for up to 12 months after the closing date. Data utilised for profiling will be retained for up to 3 years.
7.4 Who we share it with and why
Information about competition and prize draw entries is only shared with the service providers who provide us with the technology powering our systems and – if you win a prize – with the companies who supply and deliver the prize to you. The technology providers act as our “processors”, meaning that they are bound by law and contract to keep your data safe, and to do only what we tell them to do with it.
7.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
Our online form technology provider may process your personal data outside of the UK and EEA. We have implemented safeguards to secure and limit the processing of the data, including standard agreements, and frameworks, approved by the relevant authorities.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
8. When you complete a survey
Sometimes we run surveys to help us to understand more about our readership or about public opinion generally. They can also help us better understand the underlying motivations behind the trends we are seeing, response to new content ideas and formats we are developing and how we can improve the service we currently offer.
These surveys could be in the form of online surveys, polls, video projects, diary studies and discussion groups, and we record the responses (answers) of those who take part.
If you take part, we use your answers to those surveys to produce anonymous statistics which we use to inform our editorial content and, to an extent, our advertising. For example, if a majority of survey respondents express a preference for one TV show over another, then we might write an entertainment piece based on that or factor it in when deciding which adverts appear where.
We may also run some surveys for which we utilise your declared responses to build into our profile about you. When we do so, this will be communicated in the associated text, and you will be asked to either consent to this use or will be given the option to ‘object’ via a tick box.
Occasionally, those surveys might ask you about things which the law considers to be especially sensitive, such as your voting intentions or your religious beliefs. Where that’s the case, we’ll ask clearly for your permission first, and we’ll always provide a “prefer not to say” or similar option. We don’t use that kind of information for advertising purposes.
8.1 The data we collect and what we do with it
The types of information we collect and process about you when you take part in a survey may include:
Personal and contact details you have provided to us, such as your name, email address or postal address
Demographic information such as date of birth, gender, work occupation, ethnicity and readership habits.
Attitudinal, behavioural or purchase information shared within our surveys or forums.
Information about your use of third party products or services or from third parties who we may use to operate certain aspects of our business.
We may also collect information from cookies on your devices and this includes information about your IP address, MAC address and other identifying information, information about your devices, including your location, from third party advertising networks and how you use our products and services.
We will collect your answers to the survey questions and use them to compile anonymous statistics along the lines of “35% of people preferred X over Y”. Some surveys may also ask for your email address, for example if we are offering entry into a prize draw for completing it. Go
here
to learn more about how we use your data for prize draws. As highlighted above, we may also retain your responses as part of a profile about you.
When you have completed a survey, you may be invited to subscribe to a newsletter or to receive special offers and promotions from us.
Sometimes we may operate “panels” of people who we send survey questions to periodically. If you join one of those panels then there may be additional kinds of information about you which we will receive, in which case we will provide further information to you before you sign up to the panel.
8.2 Our legal basis
We collect and compile your survey answers on the basis of your consent, which we ask for in each survey. Use of your declared data for profiling purposes will be based either upon consent (via tick box) or our legitimate interest, for which you will be given the option to ‘object’.
8.3 How long we keep it for
We retain your survey responses for however long the survey runs for, and for up to 90 days afterwards. If you participated in our research panel we may keep your data for up to a year, for the purposes of insight and tracking responses over time.
The resulting statistics may be kept longer, but those are always anonymous and don’t contain your personal data. Data utilised for profiling will be retained for up to 3 years.
8.4 Who we share it with and why
We typically publish the overall results of our surveys, and often share those results with the brands involved (if any), but those results are always anonymous and statistical in nature (“50% of respondents thought X”) and don’t contain your personal data. Actual survey responses are only shared with the service providers who provide us with the technology powering our systems. They act as our “processors”, meaning that they are bound by law and contract to keep your data safe, and to do only what we tell them to do with it.
Once we’ve gathered your survey responses, we will combine them with the answers from other respondents and turn them into valuable insights which may be shared with third parties. Unless specifically stated at the start of the research activity and with your explicit permission, this information will only be disclosed to third parties in anonymised or aggregated form, stripped of any identifiable data (example forms of anonymised / aggregate data include: “X% of males from Birmingham agree that…” or “a 35 year male from Birmingham said …”)
Please be aware that if you disclose information on forums it may be possible for other research participants to use this information. We are not responsible for the disclosure of any information you post in this way.
8.5 Whether we send it outside the country of collection
Our online form technology providers may process your personal data outside of the UK and EEA. We have implemented safeguards to secure and limit the processing of the data, including standard agreements and frameworks approved by the relevant authorities.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
9. When you subscribe to our print, online or “e-publishing” titles, or place a Classified Ad
9.1 When you subscribe to our print, online or “e-publishing” titles
.
We will collect your name, address other contact details, and payment information. We will use that information to administer your subscription. We do this on the basis that it is necessary in order to provide the subscription to you with the support of our provider. We will retain this information for as long as you maintain your subscription, and for a period thereafter, in case of disputes or problems.
When you subscribe to our digital edition titles your subscription is also processed via our provider and this information is retained for as long as you maintain your subscription, and for a period thereafter, in case of disputes or problems.
As part of the subscription process you may be asked if you want to receive other products or services from Reach. Where this is the case you will be asked to consent to each product or service type. Such activities are managed in accordance with the relevant sections elsewhere in this Privacy Notice.
Privacy Plus Subscription
On some of our websites we offer you a
Privacy Plus
subscription service for access free of ad-tracking. This
Privacy Plus
subscription provides a reading option free of personalised advertising. For a monthly fee, a Privacy Plus subscription enables you to access the same content, without sharing your personal data for advertising purposes.
This means:
We will not run advertising tracking technologies.
You will not receive personalised advertising.
For more information see our
T&Cs
In order to be able to offer you this service on our website, we will collect online identifiers such as device type, IP address, language settings, approximate location at the time of browsing, and your logged in user id. This will be used to enable us to verify you as a Privacy Plus subscriber, to technically run the service and for security and anti-fraud purposes.
9.2 When you place a classified ad
When you place a classified ad in one of our print titles, we will collect your name and contact details, your payment information, and of course the content of your ad. We will use that information to publish and administer your ad, and to communicate with you about it. The content of your ad will be published and therefore accessible to the public. We do this on the basis that it is necessary to fulfil the contract agreed with you when you place your ad.
We will retain the contact details of private individuals for up to 6 years from the point of last interaction, and trade contact details for as long as we have a business purpose. We do not store personally identifiable payment card information.
Your ad itself will be retained indefinitely, on the basis of our legitimate interest, in order to maintain our archive and back issues services.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
10. When you visit or interact with us on Social Media
We operate accounts on different social media platforms, and you may choose to visit or to interact with us through these channels. If you choose to do so, we can usually only see information stored in your public profile on the social media platform, when you are logged in to your profile, while visiting our social media account; although we may process data that you provide to us when you contact us (for example: if you create a post, or send us a private message via Facebook).
The social media platform also provides us with anonymous usage statistics, which we use to improve user experience and understand activity across our sites. We do not have access to the usage data that the operator of the social network collects to create these statistics.
The operator of the social media platform also processes your data, regardless of whether you yourself have a profile on the platform. In addition, some social media platforms, such as Facebook, use cookies that are stored on your terminal device when you visit our social media account, even if you do not have your own profile in the network or are not logged in. These cookies enable the social media platform to create user profiles based on your preferences and interests and to show you advertising tailored to these.
For information on the social media providers and their privacy policies please see our list of
Social Media Platforms
. For further information on how we may receive, use and share your data see
12.4 Social media platforms
.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
11. When you apply for a job with us or work at other organisations we do business with
11.1 When you apply for a Job with us
When you apply for a job with us, we will process the information you or the recruitment agency gives to us in order to consider your application and to communicate with you (or the agency) about it.
If we offer you a position and you accept it, then we will use your information to liaise with you about start dates, contracts, arranging induction and so on, and we may ask you for additional information to that end. That information will then be handled in accordance with our internal HR policies and Employee Privacy Notice.
If we don’t offer you a position or we do but you don’t accept it, then we will keep your application on file for 12 months in case of future queries or issues.
We process your data on the basis that it is necessary in order to take steps to enter into an employment contract with you. We process information relating to unsuccessful applications or job offers that are not accepted on the basis of our legitimate interest in keeping records of job applications.
11.2 If you work at other organisations that we do business with
For all of our customers and other organisations we do business with, we will have the business contact details of the people we work with at those organisations, and we will use them to manage and administer our relationship with that organisation. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest in managing and administering those relationships.
If you work at a current or prospective advertising or publishing services client or related agencies, revenue sharing partners (for the sale of your products or services) or are users of Reach software we will also contact you from time to time using your work contact details to promote our services. We will have those contact details either because we have worked with you before, you shared them with us for this purpose, because we or our agencies have looked them up from publicly available information, or because you have attended an event we have hosted. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest in promoting our advertising and publishing services to businesses. We will always stop contacting you for this purpose if you ask us to. Typically, the best way to do that is to respond to the person contacting you, but you can also make the request by completing the
relevant form
.
We keep the details of our contacts at organisations we do business with for as long as we continue to have a business relationship, and for a period thereafter for business development purposes and in case of issues or disputes.
11.3 Site visits and CCTV
When you visit a Reach site we will record your name, the date, and in some locations your company name. This information is retained for one week.
In some circumstances, non-employees may be provided with a site pass. Where this applies, the personal data obtained, including a photograph of you, will be retained for the duration of your visit or contract with Reach and for 7 years thereafter for fraud, security, and financial reporting purposes.
We use CCTV systems at our premises on the basis of our legitimate interest in protecting the safety and security of our staff and our property.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
12. Further ways we may receive, use and share your data
This section covers the following:
12.1 Further data sharing by Reach
12.2 Links to other websites and third-party affiliates
12.3 Behavioural remarketing services
12.4 Social media platforms
12.5 WhatsApp Instant messaging platform
12.6 Chatbots and other onsite data collection
12.7 Discount codes, vouchers and cashback accounts
12.8 Affiliate Sites, such as Mirror Bingo
12.9 How we work with Group Companies
12.10 Transfer as part of the sale of our business
12.11 Award or charitable donation; nomination, voting and judging
12.1 Further data sharing by Reach
We may pass your information to our processors – companies that we use to provide services on our behalf, for example for home delivery services, event management, prize fulfilment agencies, market research or other purposes mentioned in this Privacy Notice such as analytics, direct marketing or online advertising. These processors can only use your information in accordance with our instructions and for no other purpose
In addition, further to the data sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Notice, Reach will disclose your information and co-operate with appropriate bodies and authorities in good faith where we are required to by law, a court order, a regulatory authority, or otherwise, including with the police, trading standards, regulatory authorities, other relevant authorities, or credit reference agencies.
Where permitted by applicable laws, where you interact with us, we may monitor, record, and retain all associated data, correspondence, and communications, such as written letters, telephone call recordings, emails, text messages, social media messages, in person meetings and any other communications. We will do this to, (i) comply with our legal and regulatory obligations (ii), prevent, or detect crime (iii), maintain appropriate evidential records (iv), protect the security of our communications systems and (v) for training and quality purposes. Where necessary, we will also use your personal information to defend ourselves from any legal claims brought by you in connection with the provision of our products and services.
We will also use personal information to manage and administer our business generally.
We will share information with security consultants and IT security system providers, where necessary, to monitor and manage data security and the security of our sites and networks, and to develop security threat intelligence data.
We may also share information to facilitate the sale of one or more parts of our business, including if we are approached by a potential buyer or the restructuring of one or more parts of our business and with auditing organisations such as the Audit Bureau of Circulation.
When we share information with third parties, we only permit them to process this data for specified purposes. We do not share more information with them than is necessary for the relevant purpose and we require them to treat this information with at least the same protection we do.
12.2 Links to other websites and third-party affiliates
Our websites may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and, when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the Privacy Notice of every website you visit.
We may monetise some of these links through the use of third-party affiliate programmes. These affiliate links help pay the costs of producing our websites and ensure that the content is free to you. However, it doesn’t mean that we are in any way indebted to Amazon or any other company. Nor do they or any other company have any influence over editorial coverage, how we rate products, or whether they get a positive review. Notwithstanding such affiliate programmes, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third-party advertisers, nor for the way in which they use the information they collect about you.
12.3 Behavioural remarketing services
After you have visited our site, we may use remarketing services provided by companies such as Facebook and Google and Bing, to show you advertising on third-party websites, based on your browsing patterns and interactions. For this purpose, visitors are grouped by certain actions on our services, for example, by duration of visit. This enables us to understand your preferences and to show you personalised advertising even if you are currently on another website within the network.
12.4 Social media platforms
We may also share de-identified information with social media platforms for advertising and analysis purposes. For example, we may share a hashed, non-identifiable version of your email with, for example, Facebook or Google, with the aim of showing you advertising on those platforms, or to exclude you from seeing our advertising on those platforms.
Combined with the use of their respective pixels/advanced matching and Conversions/Events APIs (a secure server-to-server interface that allows us to share specific actions you take on our website directly with Meta and TikTok), this enables us to better understand how you interact with our website, measure the impact of our advertising and website conversions, deliver relevant advertising that may be of interest to you and protect your privacy.
Processing your data in this way enables us to deliver relevant advertising that may be of interest to you and protect your privacy. It also enables us to measure the impact of our advertising and website conversions, improve targeted advertising, improve marketing attribution and improve conversion tracking.
To opt out of your email being shared in this way by email
dataprotection@reachplc.com
, and stating ‘opt out of hashed email’. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time via our Cookie Management Platform accessed via the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage.
12.5 WhatsApp Instant messaging platform
When you sign up to one of our Whats App communities to receive the latest updates, exclusives and comments straight to your phone. As part of this process you are allowing WhatsApp to receive and share data with us, including your phone number. The use of your data will be in accordance with this Privacy Notice, and also WhatsApp Privacy Notice
here
.
You can exit the Community you joined at any time by going to the Communities tab of your Whatsapp account, and following these instructions:
How to exit a community
.
12.6 Chatbots and other onsite data collection
If you engage with chatbots on our sites to communicate with us and ask questions, your information will be used in accordance with this Privacy notice, and specifically to:
Provide responses to your questions.
Analyse and report on user engagement with the chatbot.
Review and improve the quality performance of the chatbot.
Develop related products and services.
Please note that our chatbots may leverage third party generative AI platforms. Where this is the case, we will:
Undertake a data protection impact assessment, where legally required.
Put in place appropriate controls to ensure that data protection risks are mitigated to an acceptable level.
Follow a Privacy by Design approach when developing the chatbot.
Where our chatbots leverage third party generative AI platforms, the information you disclose via the chatbot may be shared with the provider of the AI platform for its purposes, over which we have no control. Please do not submit any information with our chatbots that you would not be willing to share publicly.
For more information see our AI Notice on our websites.
12.7 Discount codes, vouchers and cashback accounts
Some of our sites offer discount codes. When you use one of our discount codes we will collect information about how you use our site. For example, when you redeem a voucher we’ll record details of the offer, the date and time and the device you’ve redeemed it on. Although we do not share your data with the code providers, when you claim your code your personal data may be collected.
The legal “controller” of your personal data is Reach plc, and we rely on the performance of a contract for the application of discount codes. However, our discount websites are managed on our behalf by Widilo who also act as a data controller should you create an account or sign up to their newsletters.
Reach is not responsible for the content or use of personal data on third party websites linked to from our sites which offer Discount Codes. When you navigate to and use these sites, for example to redeem a discount code, we would recommend that you check the Privacy Notice associated with that site for more information on how those sites process your information.
Similarly if you create a Cashback account, as part of the registration your data will be shared directly by you with our cashback partner in line with their terms and conditions which are provided to you at the point of registration. The legal “controller” of your personal data is Reach plc, and we rely on the performance of a contract for the management of Cashback accounts. They are administered by Widilo, also as a data controller, and are subject to their terms and conditions which are provided at the point of registration. For more information on how cashback partners use your data we recommend you check their Privacy Notice for more information.
For anything to do with how Widilo uses your personal data, please see their privacy notice
here
.
12.8 Affiliate Sites, such as Mirror Bingo
Reach Gaming Affiliates
is a website operated by Reach, to promote our Gaming Affiliate programs, and provide users with the ability to join the program. We provide direct links to our nationally recognised and trusted gaming brands on our Reach Gaming Affiliates webpage, such as Mirror Bingo, OK! Bingo and Express Wins. We also provide links to web pages where you can submit your information in order to join our Reach Gaming Affiliates Account.
Please note that we do not directly collect any personal data, concerning your browsing behaviour or your participation in our affiliate program, on this website.
When you navigate to these web pages, please note that our partner, Jumpman, will be the data controller for the personal data that you provide, and Reach will be the data processor. The information we share will be used in accordance with our partner’s privacy policy, which you should read when you sign up with the partner. For more information about how your Affiliate data will be used, please see the Jumpman Privacy Notice
here
.
12.9 How we work with Group Companies
Reach receives information from, and shares information with, other companies within the Reach Group to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our services and their offerings. This includes:
helping improve infrastructure and delivery systems;
understanding how our services or theirs are used;
promoting safety, security and integrity across the Reach Group e.g. securing systems and fighting spam, threats, abuse, or infringement activities;
performing analytics and analysis of how you interact with the group’s products and services, to facilitate business efficiencies and develop products and services that would be relevant to you; and
sharing information to deliver more relevant advertising from across the Reach Group network.
We also share information to fulfil the service to you for example:
When you decide to place an advertisement on Marketplace Live, through our Bookanad website, the information that you have provided will be shared with Marketplace Live, so that the publication and administration of your advertisement may be effectively managed.
When you elect to place a notice on the InYourArea website, through our Bookanad website, the information that you have provided when creating an account, and a notice, will be shared with InYourArea so that they may manage and administer your online post.
In addition, a key way we share data across systems and Group companies is for advertising and targeting purposes. This can be based on your online behaviour on our sites, for example:
When you go onto one of our sites we can track your behaviour on those sites, or any of our other sites across our Group companies, and use this to target advertising or email content to you. For example, if you use our ecommerce site yimbly.com, we can see if you later visited one of our other sites and you may see advertising for the products you looked at based on this. If you would prefer to opt out, you can do so via the consent management pop-up.
This also applies if you open an email from us and this takes you online as we can use the information from your online behaviour to later target marketing to you. So for example if you subscribe to marketing emails on one of our regional news sites and we see you looked at sporting content on our other sites we may provide you with sport related content in your marketing emails from the regional news site. You can unsubscribe from emails at any time.
We may also upload emails (in hashed, pseudonymous form) straight to the advertising data system and this enables us to identify the same non-identifiable user across devices. So we know, for example, that the person who looks at Reach lifestyle content on their phone and then Reach fashion content on their desktop, is in fact the same non-identified person. You can unsubscribe from emails at any time.
We may also use the other data you have provided to us, combined with your online behaviour, to personalise your email campaigns. For example, if you signed up an account when browsing ‘football’ content on our news sites, we may classify you as a ‘football intender’. Later when you go online we may see you are also interested in content on films and classify you as a ‘football and films intender’. As a result you may see advertising content related to football and films, when you visit our sites.
12.10 Transfer as part of the sale of our business
If we sell part or all of our business, personal information may be one of the transferred business assets. If this happens, your information may be disclosed to any successors of our business for them to use for the purpose set out in this Privacy Notice.
12.11 Award or charitable donation; nomination, voting and judging
Nomination and voting
When you make a nomination or are nominated (either by a nominator, or directly by us) for an award or charitable donation, we may ask for the following personal information:
First name and surname of the nominator
Telephone number of the nominator
Email address of the nominator
Name of the nominee
Postal address nominee
Email address nominee
Telephone number of the nominee
Personal information may also be included in the narrative of why the nominee deserves the award or charitable donation. This could include anything about the nominee’s life, including sensitive data such as health information or criminal offence data about themselves or others. We may also conduct our own research to find identified nominees. We will collect the same information to the extent it is available from publicly available sources or other third parties we interview.
When you vote for a nomination, for example via an online form, we may also collect personal information including your name, IP and email address.
Generally, we will only process your personal information on one or more of the following legal grounds:
Our legitimate interests
: Where it is necessary to use your personal information for the purposes of our legitimate interests (or those of a third party). For example:
We have a legitimate interest in collecting the nominator’s personal details (such as name, contact numbers and/or email address) from the nominator, from publicly available sources or when we find out about the nominee’s story from another source, so we can contact the nominee or identified nominee to see if they are interested in taking part in the award or charitable donation process.
We have a legitimate interest in using the nominee’s/ identified nominee’s personal information so we can assess their suitability to receive an award or charitable donation, including performing background checks.
Consent
: We may ask you for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose. We will explain the specific purpose for processing at the time we ask you for such consent.
Judging
When you submit a nomination for an award or charitable donation, or you are nominated for an award or charitable donation, we will review all of the information provided in line with the selection criteria. We will use the personal information provided by nominators, or compiled from its own research, to produce a shortlist for each award or charitable donation. If the nomination does not comply with the terms and conditions, then the relevant personal information will be promptly deleted.
Personal information of shortlisted potential award or charitable donation winners (which may include both nominees and identified nominees) may be shared with the relevant award or charitable donation judging panel. The panels are made up of members selected by us and will review the shortlist to choose winners of the award or charitable donation and inform us of their decision. Alternatively we may advertise for public vote, for example in our national and regional newspapers.
We may also contact nominators and/or nominees/ identified nominees to research their story prior to the winners being contacted.
If you are selected as a winner of an award or charitable donation, we will use the personal data provided by the nominators to contact the winners. Winners will be contacted and asked to confirm that they are happy to be winners of the relevant award or charitable donation and for their personal information to be used for this purpose.
The personal data may also be used to communicate & run an event, for publication in Reach print and on-line titles, and for use on social media platforms.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
13. How we keep your data secure, why we may keep it, and countries we may transfer it to
13.1 How we keep your data secure.
We are committed to protecting the personal data we hold and keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures, including for example encryption techniques and access control, to protect personal and sensitive data against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Where we use third-party service providers to store data, we have appropriate agreements in place to ensure that your personal data is protected. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. We also require any third parties to whom we may transfer personal data to have appropriate security measures in place. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Our websites may permit you to create an account, or have the facility for an account to be created on your behalf. When this happens, you may be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorised by you. You should notify us of any unauthorised use of your password or account. In the unlikely event of a breach we will notify the affected individuals in a timely manner, as required by law. If you believe your account has been compromised, please contact us at
dataprotection@reachpc.com
, or if you are in the US email
privacyofficer@reachplc.com
stating which state you are a resident of.
13.2 Reason for keeping it
We hold personal data for a variety of different purposes and the length of time we keep your data will vary depending on the services or products we are providing our customers with.
We will only keep your data for a reasonable period of time, which is based on the purpose for which we are using your data. For example, we review our marketing contact lists and delete those contacts where there has been no activity for three years. In addition, by law, for tax and other purposes, we may have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for seven years after they cease being customers. We may also need to keep information to evidence a contract or prevent fraud.
Once the purpose has been fulfilled, we will securely delete that data or anonymise your information (so that we, or anyone else, can no longer tell that data relates to you) unless we are required to retain the data longer for legal, tax or accounting reasons.
13.3 Countries we may transfer your data to
When you provide information to us, we may transfer your personal information to our group companies and processors who are based in a country other than your country of residence. For example, if you are a UK citizen you may find your data is processed by a supplier or service based outside the UK or EEA, such as in the United States. If such a transfer requires us to apply additional safeguards to your personal information under, for example, UK or European data protection laws, we will do so.
These steps may include implementing the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement clauses or European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, with additional UK-specific clauses for transfers of personal information to our service providers and business partners. Alternatively we will ensure the third parties we work with will offer an adequate level of protection by meeting the legally agreed requirements of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the UK extension, as appropriate.
To the extent applicable, we may rely on derogations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR for the transfer and onward transfer of personal information collected from individuals in the UK or EEA to the United States, and other countries that the EU views as not providing adequate data protection. Specifically, we may transfer such information to another party in accordance with our lawful basis for processing.
By using our website, products or services or by interacting with us in the ways described in this Privacy Notice, you consent to the transfer, storage and processing of your personal information outside your country of residence, including out of the EEA, in the circumstances set out in this Privacy Notice. If you do not want your information to be transferred in this way you should not use our website, applications or services.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
14. How we ensure we protect children’s privacy
Our products and services are for a general audience and not aimed at children, although we recognise that some of the content of our publications may appeal to a younger audience, for example our football content and Curiously site.
Across our portfolio, we have taken active measures to ensure we comply with all relevant laws and regulations, and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of sixteen or send any marketing communications to children.
If we are running a competition, for example, which might be of interest to children, our competition rules specify that a parent or guardian must consent to entry (if the child is under eighteen). You must also be at least eighteen to purchase products or services from us. If you are under the age of eighteen, you must ensure that your parent or guardian purchases the products or services on your behalf.
If, in the future, we collect personally identifiable information from children in connection with our products and services, we will do so in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations including, without limitation, obtaining parental consent where necessary. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned that we may be processing personal data related to your child, please contact
dataprotection@reachplc.com
.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
15. UK and EU residents: Your rights and how to exercise them
The law gives you certain rights over your personal information.
You can exercise your rights by contacting our group Data Protection Officer’s team through the use of the relevant forms provided below. It is helpful to be as specific as possible about what you want us to do or what information you are looking for, because it enables us to respond to you more quickly.
Depending on your request, we may ask you to prove your identity to us first, in order to make sure that someone isn’t impersonating you. For example, if you contact us about your Reach account using a different email address, we may first require you to prove that you control the email address which you used to set up the account. If you want information about a subscription or some other paid service then we may ask you to provide the last four digits of the credit card used to pay for it.
If you are making a request on behalf of someone else, you must include proof of their permission for you to do so, or provide evidence of a power of attorney, court order, or health professional evidence that they are unable to provide consent.
Most of your rights do have exceptions to them, designed to protect the rights of others or to ensure that we can comply with the law and operate our business in a prudent manner (for example, by keeping certain records). If we decline all or part of your request on the basis of one or more of those exceptions, we will tell you that we are doing so, and we will explain our reasons. We may also reject your request entirely if it is excessive or unfounded.
15.1 Your right to access the information we hold about you
You have the right to have access to the information we hold about you. There are a few exceptions to that right, designed to protect the rights of other people.
To exercise this right please use our
right of access request form
.
15.2 Your right to have inaccurate information about you rectified
If we hold information about you that is factually inaccurate (for example, we have spelled your name wrong) then you have the right to have it corrected. This right does not extend to matters of opinion; for example, moderation decisions we might make about your comments on our websites.
To exercise this right please use our
other rights request form
.
15.3 Your right to have your information erased in some circumstances
You may have the right to have some or all of your information deleted, principally if the information you want deleted is no longer needed or if we don’t have a legal basis to continue using it (for example, if we are using it on the basis of your consent and you withdraw your consent).
To exercise this right please use our
right to erasure request form
.
15.4 Your right to withdraw your consent
If we’re relying on your consent to do something with your information (for example, to send you newsletters) then you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
For newsletters and other email communications, you can do this by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the message.
To withdraw your consent for how we are using your information, please use our
unsubscribe request form
For targeted advertising on our websites, you can access the screen to do this by clicking the “Privacy” tag with the ‘cog’ icon or link at the bottom of every webpage to go to the Consent Management Platform (CMP).
For targeted advertising in our apps, you will be presented with the CMP on initial download and whenever it is updated thereafter. You can also change your CMP settings by navigating to ‘My Account’ at the bottom of the app screen and clicking on ‘My Privacy’.
15.5 Your right to object to what we do with your data, and to have restrictions placed upon it
If we are doing something with your data not on the basis of your consent but on the basis of our “legitimate interest”, then you have the right to object to what we are doing, and we must stop unless we can show that there is a compelling and legitimate reason to continue or what we are doing relates to a legal claim. Activities such as fraud prevention will fall into that category.
In the case of direct marketing and profiling, your right to object is absolute. Regardless of what other mechanisms we may make available, you can always object by unsubscribing from marketing emails and by rejecting the use of cookies on our websites (see the Privacy ‘cog’ or link at the bottom of every webpage). When using our apps, if you want to change the settings, go to the ‘My Account’ Link at the bottom of the screen which includes ‘My Privacy’ and takes you to the Consent Management Platform (CMP).
To exercise this request please use our
other rights request form
.
15.6 Your right to restrict what we do with your information in some circumstances
In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict our use of your information to simply storing it and using it only for legal claims, protecting the rights of others and matters of important public interest. Those circumstances are: if you dispute the accuracy of information we hold about you; if we do something unlawful with your information but you don’t want us to delete it; if we don’t need the information anymore but you want us to preserve it in connection with a legal claim; or for the duration of the period in which we are considering a valid objection you have raised under your right to object discussed above.
To exercise this right please use our
other rights request form
.
15.7 Your right to portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided to a controller in a portable electronic format, or have it transmitted to another controller, where processing is based upon consent and undertaken by automated means.
To exercise this right please use our
other rights request form
.
15.8 How to Complain
If you have a complaint or disagree with a decision we have made, we ask that you discuss it with us first by contacting the group Data Protection Officer using our
data protection complaints form
or via the address given at the top of this Privacy Notice.
You also have the right to complain to your data protection supervisory authority.
In the UK this is the Information Commissioner’s Office:
The ICO’s contact information is:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
ICO website:
https://ico.org.uk/
Helpline Number: 0303 123 1113
In the Republic of Ireland, it is the Data Protection Commissioner:
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
DPC IE website:
https://www.dataprotection.ie/
DPC IE phone number is 01 7650100 / 1800437 737
If you are based in another EU country, you can find the details of your local supervising authority here.
EU SAs
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
16. US and Canadian Residents: relevant laws and rights
Privacy legislation in the US and Canada is evolving and as a result there are special rights for residents of certain states. This section details the existing state laws and consumer privacy rights and will be updated as the new laws are introduced.
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee our data protection and privacy practices, in the US and Canada. Our Data Protection Officer holds this position. If you have any comments, concerns, or questions, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, you can contact our Privacy Officer as follows:
By email: privacyofficer@reachplc.com
By post: Privacy Officer, Reach Plc, 19th Floor, 200 Liberty Street, New York, NY 10281
It would be very helpful for us if you could include your full name, your postcode, details of the service you are using and/or account information when contacting us.
This section covers the following:
16.1 California Residents
data collection, use and sharing, and privacy rights
16.2 Residents of US states with applicable privacy legislation
specific information and privacy rights
16.3 Residents of other states and territories with applicable legislation
16.1 California Residents
This section applies to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents when operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. This section should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Privacy Notice which provides further details on the nature of our data processing.
For purposes of this section, “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”) and amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (”
CPRA
”). It does not include: (i) information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records; (ii) de-identified or aggregated data; or (iii) information excluded from the scope of the CCPA/CPRA.
On some occasions, in order to provide our Services to our clients, we may process service data that we receive from or on behalf of our clients. If you are a California resident, you may have certain CCPA rights with regards to this information. Under the CCPA, when we act as a "service provider" (as opposed to a "business" or a "third party") over such information, we only process your information in a way required to provide our services to our clients, at our clients' direction. If you wish to exercise any of your rights under CCPA regarding such information, please contact the relevant business that collected the information from you, as they control and determine how your information is processed.
16.1.1 Personal Information that we collect, use and share
The table below provides a summary of the categories of your personal information Reach may have collected, the sources of that data, the reasons for collection and who we may have disclosed the data to over the last twelve months. The information gathered in this table may apply to you in different ways depending on how you have interacted with us.
Please see the keys below the table to inform the second and third column:
Category
Business Purpose for Disclosure
Categories of Recipients of Disclosures
Do we share this data?
Personal Information
Identifiers
such as name, email address, billing information, username, any provided phone numbers, such as home, or mobile, online screen name, security questions and password.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P5, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D6, D7, D8
No
Commercial Data
such as records of your purchases and transaction data.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D6, D7, D8
No
Customer Records
such as financial or payment information to process payments and information about your transactions and purchases with us.
P1, P7
D2, D6, D7, D8
No
Internet & electronic network activity information
including, but not limited to browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with an internet website, video, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our Services or other online services. Please see our
Cookie Notice
for further information.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P5, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D6, D7, D8
Yes
Device information and identifiers
such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D6, D7, D8
Yes
Geolocation Data
such as general location, and, if you provide permission, precise GPS location.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D6, D7, D8
Yes
Sensory Data
such as audio recordings if you call our customer service or volunteer this information as part of using our services and photographs in connection with your social media account
P1, P2, P5, P7
D1, D2, D6, D7, D8
No
Financial Data
such as credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date, to process payments and information about your transactions and purchases with us.
P1, P7
D2, D6, D7, D8
No
Social media information
(which may include personal identifiers, photos, location, user generated content, demographic information). If you link your account or access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in, we may have access to any information you provide to that social network depending on your privacy settings, such as your name, email address, photo, location, and current city; and information you provide to us directly through our pages on social networking and blogging platforms (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and Twitter).
P1, P2, P3, P4, P5, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D6, D7, D8
No
Research, survey, or sweepstakes information
(including personal identifiers and user generated content) collected if you participate in a survey or sweepstakes; includes information needed for you to participate (such as contact information), and to fulfil your prize.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P5, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D5, D6, D7, D8
No
Inference Data
including inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behaviour or attitudes.
P1, P2, P3, P4, P6, P7
D1, D2, D3, D5, D6, D7, D8
No
Sensitive Personal Information
Account log-in in combination with any required security questions or password collected if you create an account with us.
P1, P2, P7
D2, D6, D7, D8
No
Data collection key
Purposes
P1 - Performing services; including but not limited to customer service and related requests, processing orders or other transactions, managing and maintaining your account, marketing or advertorial services, analytics.
P2 - Analysis and improvement; reviewing our activities to enhance either services offered or improve commercial capabilities such as by improving the positioning or quality of our adverts and developing of new functionality and tools.
P3 - Commercial interests; including but not limited to the promotion of goods and services and to drive engagement, page views, subscriptions, registrations, purchases and similar.
P4 - Ephemeral; data processed in a transient manner and not retained by Reach.
P5 - Editorial; to support the production of editorial content across Reach titles.
P6 - Repairs; review of assets and management of debugging and other fixes to maintain and improve functionality.
P7 - Security, fraud and legal compliance; actions deemed necessary to protect and defend Reach assets against illegal, malicious and damaging activity.
Disclosures
D1 - Reach subsidiaries and affiliates; we may disclose information in order to deliver services in the ways described in this Privacy Notice. Marketing will only be sent to you where the necessary consent has been provided.
D2 - Service partners; we may disclose information where we work in partnership to provide you with products or services.
D3 - Commercial partners; we may disclose information with third parties to provide you with relevant content and advertising on websites and mobile apps where we have the necessary permissions to do so. We may also disclose information to enable you to receive marketing you have asked to receive.
D4 - Social media; we may disclose information with social media networks where we have the necessary permission to do so.
D5 - Analytics providers; we may disclose information with data analytic providers to review, evaluate and improve our services.
D6 - Security; we may disclose information where it is necessary to do so in order to protect the rights, assets, employees and customers of Reach.
D7 - Legal requirements; we may disclose information where necessary to comply with our legal obligations or if we believe it is required in relation to the investigation or prevention of suspected or actual illegal activity.
D8 - Business Development; we may disclose information for the purpose of business transfers, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcy proceedings or similar.
16.1.2 Sharing of your data
Like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads, content and services to you and may transfer personal information to business partners for their use. California law classifies our use of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads, content and services more likely to interest you.This sharing is limited to advertising partners with whom we have a contractual agreement and to the online marketing related purposes agreed by you via Reach’s Consent Management Platform (CMP). The data types include an online identifier, URLs from Reach pages, a referrer identifier, and a truncated IP address.
16.1.3 Sources of Personal Information.
In general, we may collect the categories of personal information identified in the table above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you and your devices
Through your use of our services
From third parties and service providers, including affiliates, commercial partners, social media networks, analytic providers, credit reference agencies
16.1.4 California Residents’ Rights.
As a California resident, you have the following rights (subject to certain limitations):
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The categories of information collected both directly and indirectly, including through a service provider or contractor.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction.
You can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information.
Portability.
You have the right to receive your information in an easily understandable, machine readable and transmittable form.
Opt-out of sale or sharing.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information.
Limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Information.
You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information ("SPI") to the information necessary to perform services or provide goods reasonably expected.
Non-discrimination.
The right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CPRA/CPRA.
In the past 12 months, we have shared your Personal Information with third parties in the following circumstances, which California law classifies as a “sale” of your Personal Information:
supplying your data to third parties with your express consent (e.g. where you opt-in to receive notifications or create an account) or with promotional partners, such as when you enter a promotion;
supplying attendee data to third parties who provide services in connection with our events, and sending your data to suppliers of certain products and services (where you have consented to hear from such third parties);
using services that help deliver interest-based ads, content and services to you and may transfer personal information to business partners for their use. California law classifies our use of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads, content and services more likely to interest you.
16.1.5 Do Not “Sell” or “Share” My Personal Information
California residents may opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their personal information.
Sale
: Reach does not "sell" any of your personal information in exchange for money. However, the term "sell" has a broader meaning under the CCPA/CPRA than would ordinarily be understood in a non-legal context. If we “sell” your Personal Information, you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to “sell” your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light'' law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Sharing:
We do “share” your Personal Information, as defined, with trusted business partners to deliver interest-based ads, content and services to you, including for site measurement. See section 16.1.2. Depending on what services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:
For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, contact and registration information, device information and identifiers, browser and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.
Reach does not knowingly share the personal information of children under the age of 16 without the necessary permissions as required by the CPRA.
To opt out of the “sale” and “sharing” of your information.
Whilst browsing our websites you have the right under CPRA to opt out of these purposes by selecting the
‘Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information’
link in the footer of the relevant website. If you access this site and/or app from other devices or browsers, or clear your cookies on your devices or browsers, you will need to indicate your preferences again from those devices or browsers. Alternatively to opt out of “sales” or “sharing” of personal information you can toggle your cookies off in the cookie preference centre or enable Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on your browser. To learn more about GPC, please visit
http://globalprivacycontrol.org
.
To opt out of the “sale” of other data, including email, you may also submit a request directly by submitting the
rights request form
or by emailing privacyofficer@reachplc.com quoting ‘California Privacy Rights-(insert name of Reach Group brand)’ in the subject header and state ‘Opt out of Sale’. We reserve the right to ask for evidence of your residency in California before processing your request.
Please note that a ‘Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information’ request does not cover information that has previously been disclosed to third parties for these purposes and does not prevent the ongoing disclosure of data to our service providers.
16.1.6 Limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Information.
California residents have the right to limit the use or disclosure of their sensitive personal information ("SPI") if we are using your SPI beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested goods or services. While we recognise opt-out preference signals (aka, Global Privacy Controls) when required to do so by law, given the specific methods by which Reach may collect your SPI in the limited circumstances it collects SPI, opt-out preference signals would be an ineffective and technologically impractical means for honouring limit the use requests. Therefore, please make your request to limit the use of your SPI using the
rights request form
or by emailing privacyofficer@reachplc.com quoting ‘California Privacy Rights-(insert name of Reach Group brand)’ in the subject header and state ‘Limit the use of Sensitive Data’. We reserve the right to ask for evidence of your residency in California before processing your request.
16.1.7 Exercising your rights to Information Access and Deletion
California residents wishing to exercise their right to access their personal information or request that we delete it can do so using the
rights request form
or by emailing privacyofficer@reachplc.com quoting ‘California Privacy Rights-(insert name of Reach Group brand)’ in the subject header and state which right(s) you wish to exercise.
We will take steps to verify your request by (i) sending you an email confirmation to which you must respond to confirm your request; and (ii) matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. You must complete all required fields on our webform (or otherwise provide us with such information to verify your request.
We will process your request based upon the personal information in our records that is linked or reasonably linkable to the information provided in your request. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor.
16.1.8 Our Response Time to Your Request
We will make every effort to respond to your request within forty-five (45) days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, the CPRA allows us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty-five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond and the reason for the extension.
16.1.9 Authorised Agents
Authorised agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by providing evidence of authority from the individual; authorised agents will be required to provide proof of their authorisation and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorised agent.
16.1.10 Shine The Light
California residents may request and obtain a list of any third parties that we have disclosed personal information to over the previous calendar year for the purposes of sending you direct marketing about the third party’s own products and services. If you would like to request this information please contact us using the
rights request form
or by emailing privacyofficer@reachplc.com quoting ‘California Privacy Rights-(insert name of Reach Group brand)’ in the subject header and state which right(s) you wish to exercise.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
16.2 Residents of US states with applicable privacy legislation
This section applies solely to individual residents of States with applicable privacy legislation including, but not limited to Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Jersey and New Hampshire. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of residents when operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. This section should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Privacy Notice which provides further details on the nature of our data processing.
16.2.1 Personal Information We Collect
We may collect the following types of Personal Information about you as described below:
A. Personal Information You Provide to Us
In using our Products, you may provide us with Personal Information, which may include (the examples provided are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive):
Contact information such as name, email address, postal address and telephone number(s);
Account information and log in credentials, including unique identifiers such as username and password;
Payment and transaction information including credit or bank card information;
Preferences for communications;
Communications and opinions in chat rooms, message boards, forums, surveys, polls, and online forms;
Access to your geo-location (including through our mobile app) or to other data held on social media platforms and other software (for example, access to your contacts, calendar or photos);
Photos and/or videos; and
Any additional information that we describe to you, when we collect your data with your consent.
You agree that you will provide to us only your own Personal Information, or the Personal Information of those whom you have the legal right to provide (such as in your capacity as a legal guardian). You agree to provide us with accurate Personal Information.
B. Personal Information We May Automatically Collect About You
Our Products may automatically collect certain Personal Information about you. This Personal Information may include the following (the examples provided are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive). Any of this information may be combined with other Personal Information we may have or obtain about you from your use of our Products or from third parties as described below in “Personal Information We May Receive from Third Parties.”
IP address, which is the number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, such as through your ISP (Internet service provider);
Date and time of your visit, registration, login or use of our Products;
Domain server from which you are using our Products;
Type of computer, web browsers, search engine used, operating system, or platform you use;
Data identifying the web pages you visited prior to and after visiting or using our Products;
Data identifying the videos that you view while using our Products;
Your location data
Your behaviour, movement and activity on or within the Product;
Your profile information
Account login in combination with any required security questions or password collected if you create an account with us.
Mobile application identification and behaviour, use, and aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
If you sign up for text messaging, cookies or other tracking devices may be used to personalise your experience (for example, to send you personalised text message offers).
C. Personal Information We May Receive from Third Parties
We may collect or receive additional Personal Information about you from third-party websites and apps, social media platforms and video viewing platforms, such as, but not limited, to Facebook, Twitter, TikTok, Instagram, SnapChat and YouTube (“Social Media Platforms”), third party data providers, and sources providing publicly-available Personal information (e.g., from the U.S. postal service) for the purposes described in “How We Use Personal Information” section below.
Personal Information we may access from Social Media Platforms may include, but is not limited to:
Your Social Media Platform login information
Your location data
Your profile information
Your list of contacts, friends or followers
Certain information about your activities on the Social Media Platform such as without limitation the content you view, and products or services you purchase there
Please keep in mind that when you provide Personal Information to us via a third-party website or platform (for example, via our applications on a mobile device or by logging into any of our Products via a social media account), the Personal Information you provide to us may be separately collected by the third-party website or platform or the Social Media Platform. Please review the privacy policies of the applicable third-party or Social Media Platform for their privacy practices. Also, please be aware that if you are logged into your social media account when you are visiting our Products, the Social Media Platform you are logged into may track your activities on our Products.
16.2.2 How we Use Personal Information
A. Use and Purpose of Processing Your Personal Information
We use and process your Personal Information for the following types of purposes (the examples provided are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive).
To provide you with the Products, and other promotions, newsletters and information we think you may be interested in
To respond to your inquiries and provide you with requested information and to provide other communications, including by email, chat or text messages, and including alerts, notification of promotions, contests, and events
For marketing and advertising purposes, including sending you promotional material or special offers, provided that you have not already opted-out of receiving such communications
For billing and payment processing
To deliver personalised advertising and content, including textual and audio-visual ads and content
To fulfil contracts we have with you
To manage, improve and support our relationships with third-parties that we contract with in connection with our business, Products and services, including vendors, suppliers, and parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners
To maintain, improve, customise, or administer the Products, perform business analysis, or other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, Products and services, resolve technical problems, or improve security or develop other products and services
To comply with our Terms of Service and Terms of Use for various Products
To perform analytics for business purposes and business intelligence, such as monitoring traffic to our Products, counting ad impressions, and auditing legal and regulatory compliance
To maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Products, databases and other technology assets and our business, including preventing fraud, detecting security breaches and prosecuting violators
To identify and repair errors in our Products’ functionality
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, in which Personal Information we hold is among the assets transferred
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations and respond to lawful requests; and/or
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your Personal Information and/or pursuant to your consent.
B. Disclosing Your Personal Information to Other Parties
We may disclose your Personal Information to other parties, including:
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertisers, advertising technology companies, Social Media Platforms, analytics companies and other third parties with whom we have business relationships.
Government regulators
Our legal advisors and parties involved in a legal process.
To an entity involved in the sale of our business
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorise us to disclose your Personal Information in connection with products or Services we provide to you.
In order to provide advertisements and content that are more relevant to you, we and our advertising and content providers may collect certain types of Personal Information when you use our Products (such as, by way of example, your email, the IP address of your device, the identifier on your mobile device, or cookies stored on your device). We may combine this information with other information we have, or that we collect through other sources, and may share the information we collect with third parties to provide interest based or targeted advertising and content, including textual and/or audio-visual ads or content. In addition, our advertising partners and Social Media Platforms may use information received from us to combine it with other information they may have obtained about you through other sources or through your relationship with them. If you would like to opt out from this use, or for more information, please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
We do not sell your sensitive personal data.
For information on the third party advertising and analytic partners we work with please
click here
. For information on the social media operators and their privacy policies please see our list of
Social Media Platforms
.
16.2.3 Residents Rights
Privacy laws in some US states give residents certain rights with respect to their personal data.
These rights include:
Access.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information we collected about you.
Right to correct.
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in the personal information we collect from you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes for which we process it.
Right to delete.
You have the right to delete personal information that you have provided or that we have obtained about you. Please note that we may deny such a request if the requested deletion falls under an exception to this right set as provided by the relevant law. Additionally, if you request the deletion of your personal information and we have obtained such information from a third-party source, we may retain such data by keeping a record of the deletion request and the minimum data necessary to ensure that your personal information remains deleted from our records and that such retained data is not used for any other purpose, or we may opt you out of the processing of such personal information for any purpose except for those allowed under the relevant legislation.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another business without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Know.
You have the right to obtain a list of the third parties that have received your personal data from us.
Right to opt out of targeted ads, sales to third parties, or profiling
. You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of: (i) targeted advertising; (ii) the sale of personal information; or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As described in this privacy notice:
We DO process personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising;
We DO NOT sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration;
We DO NOT engage in profiling decisions based on your personal information that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
16.2.4 Exercising these Rights
How to exercise your right to information, access, and deletion
You may exercise your privacy rights by submitting the
rights request form
or by emailing privacyofficer@reachplc.com quoting ‘US Privacy Rights (insert name of Reach Group brand)’ in the subject header and detail which right(s) you wish to exercise, and the US state you live in.
How to exercise your right to opt-out of the “sale or sharing” of your Personal Information
For internet and mobile users.
If you do not wish for us or our online third-party partners (such as advertising networks) to sell or share your personal information with others, please click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of the relevant website. If you access this site and/or app from other devices or browsers, or clear your cookies on your devices or browsers, you will need to indicate your preferences again from those devices or browsers. Alternatively to opt out of “sales” or “sharing” of personal information you can toggle your cookies off in the cookie preference centre or, in applicable states, enable Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on your browser. To learn more about GPC, please visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.
For other offline users eg account holders:
You may also submit a request directly by submitting the
rights request form
or by emailing privacyofficer@reachplc.com quoting ‘US Privacy Rights-(insert name of Reach Group brand)’ in the subject header and state ‘opt-out of third-party sale or share’. We reserve the right to ask for evidence of your residency before processing your request.
16.2.5 Our Response Time to Your Request
We will make every effort to respond to your request within forty-five (45) days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, the legislation allows us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty-five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond and the reason for the extension. For particular states where the time frame for response may be shorter, we will adhere to the required legal timeframe.
16.2.6 Right to Appeal
Residents of certain states, including Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey may appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us by emailing
privacyofficer@reachplc.com
.
*** Click here to go back to ‘Contents’ ***
16.3 Residents of other states and territories with applicable legislation
Residents may be covered by other local state data protection or privacy legislation. To exercise these rights please use the
rights request form
, to submit a request in relation to your data rights.
16.3.1 Nevada Privacy Rights
Reach does not currently sell your personal data, as defined by Nevada Law, for monetary compensation to third parties for their own purposes. Nevada residents, however, may request that we include their name on a do-not-sell list in the event Reach were to do so in the future. Please email us at privacyofficer@reachplc.com if you want to place your name on the do not sell list.
16.3.2 Canadian Residents
Federal and provincial laws in Canada, such as the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act 2000 (PIPEDA) and Quebec’s Bill 64 (Law 25) give residents certain rights with respect to their personal data.
Your Rights and Choices.
If you are a Canadian resident you may be able to exercise certain rights with respect to your personal information that we collect and control:
Access.
Ask us for a copy of your Personal Information and can ask for a copy of Personal Information you provided in machine readable form.
Correction.
Ask us to correct the personal information we have about you if you believe it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion.
Ask us to erase or delete all or some of your Personal Information (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide products or services to you).
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Personal Information:
Ask us to stop using all or some of your Personal Information (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your Personal Information is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Data Portability
: You may also have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another business without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
We may need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
We will attempt to respond to your request within thirty (30) days. We will advise you in writing if we cannot meet your request within this time limit.
To exercise these rights please use the our
rights request form
or contact us by emailing
privacyofficer@reachplc.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.irishmirror.ie/privacy-notice/%E2%80%9Dmailto:privacyofficer@reachplc.com%22:
Sorry...
We can't find the page you requested
The file could not be found for a number of reasons such as the file being moved or deleted. Please check your spelling and if you still can't get to the right page try heading to the
homepage
for a look around.
If you still have problems, try
contacting us
and we'll do what we can to help you.
Click here
to get back to where you came from.
×
Sub-policy 1
https://www.captifytechnologies.com/privacy-notice/:
Home
»
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
1.
Overview
Captify is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
This Notice sets out how Captify uses and protects personal information that we collect and process:
through our Search Intelligence engine (the “
Core Service
”);
through your use of Captify websites; and
if you are or work for a current or prospective Captify business partner.
Any personal information we collect will be used in accordance with all applicable laws and this Notice. Captify may change this Notice at any time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are up to date with any changes.
Index of Sections:
Overview
Which parts of this Notice apply specifically to you?
Who is Captify?
How does Captify’s Core Service work?
How does Captify collect personal information?
How does Captify use personal information?
Does Captify use sensitive information?
How does Captify share your information
Information collected automatically from Captify websites
Additional information for individuals in Europe
Additional Information for U.S. Consumers
How to Exercise your Rights under U.S. State Laws
Business Contacts Data
Marketing
Retention Periods
Security
Children’s Data
Managing Cookies and Other Technologies
Controller / Processor
Contact Us
2.
Which parts of this Notice apply specifically to you?
Captify is committed to complying with all applicable laws governing data privacy and security. We seek to ensure that this Notice takes into account different rights depending on where individuals are located or reside, as follows:
If you are located in the EU, the UK, other countries of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), or Switzerland, please see Section 10 “
Additional Information for Individuals in
Europe
.”
If you are a consumer resident in California or other US states, please see Section 11 “
Additional Information for U.S. Consumers
.
”
This Notice is aimed at individuals to whom we serve targeted advertising through our Core Service (i.e. an “
End User
”). If you are not an End User, you may find the following sections of this Notice more relevant to you:
If you are a visitor to our websites, please see Section 9 “
Information Collected Automatically from Captify Websites
.”
If you are or work for a current or prospective Captify business partner (e.g. a supplier or potential supplier, or a client or potential client) please see Section 13 “
Business Contacts Data
.”
If you are an employee or other staff member working at any Captify group company, then this Notice does not apply to data we process about you in that context. A different Privacy Notice which sets out what employee and staff data we process, why and how, is available from Captify’s People Team.
If you are a candidate applying for any type of position with us, please review the Recruitment Privacy Notice for candidates available
here
.
3.
Who is Captify?
Captify is the largest independent holder of search data outside of the ‘Walled Gardens’, connecting the real-time searches of over 2 billion people globally. Our Search Intelligence engine powers programmatic advertising and insights to display adverts that are more relevant to you (this is our Core Service). Our aim is to enhance your online advertising experience and serve our advertising clients by showing you adverts for products or services we think you might like based on your preferences or interests. However, to do this, we process and share with third parties some personal data relating to you as set out in this Notice.
4.
How does Captify’s Core Service work?
Captify’s Core Service works in two main ways –
with
cookies (i.e. our ‘Cookie-Based Product’) and
without
cookies (i.e. ‘Search Powered Contextual’).
Cookie-based Targeting
By way of a practical example, you may want to buy a plane ticket for an upcoming trip to New York City. As such, you browse a travel website which has partnered with Captify (we call websites like these a “
Publisher Partner
“). Later that day, Captify may serve you an advertisement related to what you have searched for (such as an airline promotion, or a new suitcase). You would have always seen an advert on the website you were visiting, but Captify ensures that the advert you are served is relevant to you.
Generally, for this to work, Captify either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the travel website (assuming your browser lets this happen). When you visit another website (which may have nothing to do with travel) you may then see the advert for the new suitcase. This is because your browser sends Captify your cookie ID and, in turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an advert that could encourage you to buy that new suitcase.
Though this all sounds very personal, we actually have no way of personally identifying you – all we know is your device’s cookie ID. It’s important to note that you will also be one of a much larger selection of people who are likely to see the same advert because they have shown a similar interest in purchasing a plane ticket (we call a group of people like this an “
audience
“). All we know is that your ID (which is based on your device’s cookie) falls within that audience.
Please note that the example given here is for demonstration purposes only and is a simplified illustration of how our technology works. This example does not reflect how adverts are shown to you in every scenario, and in some circumstances, there are additional parties involved in the serving of advertisements. If you have any questions about this, please do contact us using the information provided at
Section 20
below.
But what are cookies?
Cookies
are small text files stored on a user’s device for record-keeping purposes.
There are two main types of cookies, persistent cookies and session cookies:
Persistent cookies are used to run our technology as they enable us to track and target web users’ interests. Persistent cookies remain on your device for an extended period of time. You can remove cookies by following the directions provided in
Section 18
.
Session cookies are used to make it easier for you to navigate our websites, and usually last a much shorter time than persistent cookies.
Cookies can also be either ‘first-party’ or ‘third-party’. A first-party cookie is created and stored by the website you are visiting directly. It allows website owners to collect customer analytics data, remember language settings, and carry out other useful functions that help provide a good user experience. Third-party cookies are created by domains other than the one you are visiting directly, hence the name third-party. They are used for cross-site tracking, measurement, retargeting and ad-serving.
Pixels
(also known as web beacons) consist of code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about its use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contain JavaScript code). When you access a website, video, email, or advertisement that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or another entity to drop or read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination with cookies to recognize activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We may incorporate pixels from other entities e.g. to assist us with measuring views or conversions.
The Publisher Partners that work with us may use our technologies to place cookies on your device (or use similar identification methods). This is so that our Core Service platform can recognize that Captify has a personalized advertisement available for your device.
Advertisers or agencies that work with us may also use pixels and cookies within their advertisements. We do not control these advertisements or their content and when interacting with such ads you should check any information provided by the relevant web publisher or advertiser regarding their use of personal information.
You can find out more background information about cookies
here
. To manage cookies from Captify, please see
Section 18
below.
Does Captify have to rely on cookies?
Although the online advertising industry has often been reliant on the use of third-party cookies, this is being phased out in favour of other methods of advertising that make less use of personal information.
As a company that respects data privacy rights, we are not only prepared for this change, but we believe that a future without the third-party cookie means that we as an industry will be better placed to deliver solutions that have you (the End User) and your privacy at the centre of our Core Service.
Although we currently use third-party cookies when we serve the majority of our campaigns, it is possible for us to serve campaigns without using third-party cookies at all. This is because Captify has server to server integrations with third parties who collect their data via first-party cookies and/or logged in (authenticated) users.
If you would like to understand more about our cookieless offering (and how this affects you), please do contact us using the details provided in
Section 20
.
Cookieless Targeting (referred to as ‘Search Based Contextual’)
This works in a different way to the cookie-based targeting explained above.
Again, by way of a practical example, you may be reading the news about a corporate merger and search for other articles related to house prices. If we see many such search events, our ‘Search Intelligence’ learns that people interested in business news are also interested in house prices. Later an advertising client is looking to advertise a property website, Captify would recommend a range of business news sites as good sites to place property adverts. Some visitors to business news sites will now see adverts for property websites.
Generally, for this to work, Captify needs to process many such events to learn the patterns that occur most often, so when on one of our partner sites they will, with consent, send us search terms and the pages on which those happened. We also receive unique identifiers (we call these 1st Party IDs, or Pseudonymous IDs) that allow us to know when two searches are made by the same visitor without identifying you, your browser or your device. This helps us better learn how people’s interests are related and likely correlations.
Local Storage
Some websites we work with wish to be able to use information we collect about their End Users for their own personalized advertising. To do this, our classification of your likely interests or preferences can be sent back to local storage in your browser, so that it can be read by the relevant website and used by the publisher to select advertising.
Please note that the examples given above are for explanation purposes only and are simplified illustrations of how our technology works. These examples do not reflect how adverts are shown to you in every scenario, and in some circumstances, there are additional parties involved in the serving of advertisements. If you have any questions about this, please do contact us using the information provided at
Section 20
below.
5.
How does Captify collect personal information?
In respect of our Core Service, Captify only collects personal information from trusted partners. The categories of sources from which we collect information, including in the last 12 months, include:
Publisher Partners
that operate independent websites that utilize Captify technologies and services.
Data Partners
that obtain and commercialize data from different sources.
Search Partners
that operate search engines outside of the Walled Gardens (such as Gener8 and Surf).
Advertisers
and
Advertising Agencies
that provide advertisements for digital platforms.
Data Management Platforms
that provide information about content classification and user profile information.
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Core Service Data
, which is made up of:
Keyword Feed Data:
Cookie ID
Persistent ID (non-Cookie)
Search Terms
URL
Referring Site and Terms
Time and Date
Truncated and/or Full IP address
Device Type
User Agent
Consent string (a string of characters that indicates an End User’s consent choices and which data processing purposes have been consented to)
Log Level Data:
Cookie/ID
URL
Time and Date
Device
Placement
Format of Ad
Inferred Postcode (truncated or full, depending on area) or approximate location
OS Information
Line Item
Campaign
Split ID
Bid Stream Data:
URL
Date
Country
Placement Type (available on page)
Although some elements of the ‘Core Service Data’ set may not be classed as personal information, we treat them as though they are to ensure the highest level of security protection.
Demographics
, which may be inferred from other information (such as your likely age range or gender), or data that you have voluntarily given to one of our Data Partners (such as age, gender, employment type or status, income bracket, and education level).
Commercial information
, including purchases and engagement with a Publisher Partner’s website.
Internet activity
, including your interactions with ads, a Publisher Partner’s website or a Search Partner’s website. We will also get information that allows us to offer our Cookieless solution, such as chrome category IDs.
Geolocation data
, including location-enabled services such as Wi-Fi.
Inferences
, including inferred trends, behaviours, preferences, attitudes and sentiment based on collected data.
In connection with our Core Service, we do not collect or process any personal information that would allow us to personally identify you (such as your name, address, date of birth or email address).
6.
How does Captify use personal information?
We use this information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with this Notice, including in the last 12 months, for the following purposes:
Displaying (or enabling our publisher partners to display) ads to you that may be more relevant to your interests or preferences, based on our interpretation of the personal information that we collect.
Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities.
Providing information to our clients and partners about the performance of their advertising campaigns and websites, and improving performance over time.
Detecting fraud to help alert us to situations which could not have been caused by human behaviour, such as a massive amount of clicking in a limited period of time.
Based on your approximate location, understanding your data rights, and immediately discarding information for which we infer that required consents or other valid legal basis may not have been obtained.
Optimizing responses to bids for display of advertising and selection of products to be presented.
Training our software and modelling algorithms.
Development and improvement of our technologies and services.
7.
Does Captify use sensitive information?
In the UK and the EU, Captify will never serve you advertisements based on special categories of data (“
SCPD
”). SCPD includes ‘sensitive’ information, such as information relating to your race, religion, health, political opinions or sex life.
Before use, we run any personal information that we collect (as described in Section 5) through a ‘GDPR Classifier’. This GDPR Classifier removes the whole search made by that user from our servers (which includes both the SCPD, but any other information that was contained within that search). As such, the only information that is retained by Captify is a ‘log’ of the number of searches that have been erased in each of our markets. We believe that it is necessary to process SCPD in this way to ensure that we are not carrying out any further processing of or building any profiles based on sensitive information.
Please note that if you search for terms related to SCPD, then it is possible that this information could be ingested into our Core Service dataset (we call this “
Inferred SCPD
”). To combat this, we ensure that we do not serve any adverts that are based on Inferred SCPD.
Outside of the UK and EU (to the extent permitted by applicable laws), we process certain categories of “non-sensitive” health data and political data, as further described in
Section 11
. As of January 2024, Captify has engaged in Political Advertising in the USA. If you would like more information about this, please reach out to us on the contact information below.
8.
How does Captify share your information?
The categories of entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes, including in the last 12 months, includes:
Captify Group Companies.
We may need to share personal information with other companies in our corporate group that require access to such information in order to enable our services to be provided in different regions.
Customers.
We may share information with our customers (who may be brands or advertising agencies) relating to the engagement with their campaigns (e.g. the number of times ads are seen or clicked on, to what extent they were viewable, how many purchases may have been made at an advertiser’s online or offline store. We may also share anonymous information regarding trends and browsing behaviour. We may also provide audience data to customers through vendors or marketplaces that allow customers to plan and use such data within their own campaigns.
Website Publishers.
We may return data to the local storage on your browser so that the relevant website from which we collected the data can also use it to display relevant ads.
Processors/Service Providers.
We work with reputable third-party data processors or service providers, to which we provide certain data which may include personal information, and who provide us with services such as hosting, storage, analytics and audience measurement, content creation, fraud detection etc. We also work with other organizations that provide general business services and advice that may require access to personal information, e.g. accounting, legal, insurance or financial services providers. Our processors or service providers work under data processing agreements that require them only to carry out the processing on our instructions and for no other purpose.
Vendors.
We also share information with providers of technologies and marketplaces for advertising management and delivery, who may be independent data controllers. These vendors may set and/or access cookies or other data collection technologies which collect information about visits to websites, mobile websites and/or mobile applications across your various devices, in order to enable our and their advertising clients to provide content and advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about these activities and your choices with respect to them, please refer to the relevant third parties’ privacy policies and to
Section 18
below on How to Manage Cookies and Other Technologies. A list of our vendors can be provided on request. Where we process the IAB Europe TCF consent string, IAB Europe is considered a joint data controller in relation to its generation and collection, but not in relation to its subsequent processing by Captify (or any other IAB members).
Merger or Acquisition.
We would share information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, acquisition, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our shares or assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Security and Compelled Disclosure.
We share information to comply with the law or other legal or regulatory process, and in response to requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also share information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of our staff, websites or services, or others. If any court, authority, police force or regulator requests data from us, we normally comply with such request without having to notify you or other users.
9.
Information collected automatically from Captify websites
We collect information automatically when you use Captify’s websites (e.g. at Captifytechnologies.com, Captify.co.uk, Captify.us or any other subpages or domains that we may use from time to time). For example, with your consent, we use cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies to improve our site and services. The most recent list of cookies and similar technologies used on our websites are set out in our
Cookie Notice.
The following are the categories of information that we collect and have collected automatically on the Captify websites in the last 12 months:
Service Use Data
, including data about site activities, pages you visit, digital advertisement interaction information, search history, and inferences such as inferred trends, behaviours, preferences, attitudes and sentiment based on collected data.
Device Data
, including data about the type of device or browser you use, device identifiers such as IP address and unique personal or online identifiers such as cookies and pixels. For more information with respect to cookies, pixels, and managing your rights, please refer to Section 4 “
How does Captify’s Core Service work
?” and Section 18 “
Managing Cookies and Other Technologies
.”
With respect to the Google audience measurement tools used on Captify’s websites, Google enables you to change your consents and preferences in relation to the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
10.
Additional information for individuals in Europe
This additional information applies only to individuals located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland (or whose personal information was collected while they were there).
Data Protection Rights
In accordance with the EU’s GDPR and equivalent UK legislation, you have rights in relation to personal information that we process about you. This includes the right to:
access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information; and
object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If you are an End User, please see our dedicated
Data Subject Request
page.
If you are a current or former employee or other staff member working at any Captify group company, then please submit your request in writing to
dpo@captify.co.uk
, or a member of the Captify People Team.
If you are or work for a current or prospective Captify business partner (e.g. a supplier or a client), then please submit your request in writing to
dpo
@captify.co.uk
, or speak to your regular Captify point of contact.
Where we are processing your personal information within our Core Service, the main method of meeting the requirement for erasure is by deleting all personally identifying elements in the data we hold, so that the personal information cannot be traced back to you or any other identifiable person and is irreversibly anonymized (sometimes called “
de-identifying
”).
Where we process any personal information based on consent that you have given in the past, you can withdraw your consent at any time (though the processing that took place before withdrawal will still be legal). The main ways to do this are (1) to manage online choices as set out in
Section 18
below; or (2) by contacting the Publisher Partner sites where you have previously given your consent.
Please note that for some ways you interact with Captify (for example, when you are an End User), Captify does not process contact data such as names or emails and so, while we will always investigate any request thoroughly, often it will be difficult for us to know whether or not we are processing any data relating to you, or we may not technically be able to locate it unless you provide us with the unique ID of the relevant cookie. We will always investigate any request thoroughly, but we are not able to offer you a platform where you can directly update, correct, restrict processing or request portability of information relating to your device.
We are always available through the contacts in
Section 20
to help resolve any issues or doubts you may have in relation to processing of your personal information. If you believe that your rights have not been respected at any time then you also have a right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact the relevant data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available .)
Legal Basis
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information relating to you only (i) where we have your consent to do so; (ii) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; or (iv) where we have a legal obligation to do so.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
We may collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third-party) that are not overridden by your rights or interests, for example to respond to queries from our clients, improve our platform, undertake marketing, or to detect or prevent illegal activities).
Core Service
In respect of our Core Service, we rely on consent to process your personal information. You may have given this consent directly to Captify, or you may have given a third party consent for us to process your personal information on their behalf. You can change your preferences at any time as set out in Section 18 “
How You Can Manage Cookies and Other Technologies
” above.
In addition, we and our Publisher Partners and advertising clients have a legitimate interest, which does not conflict with your legal rights (in particular as this processing is not intrusive and within the expectations of most web users), in processing personal information for the following business purposes:
Ensuring security
Detecting and combating fraud
Optimizing website and mobile app experiences
Training our software and modelling algorithms
Developing and improving our products and services.
International Transfers
We provide personal information to other companies in our corporate group and vendors and technical service providers inside and outside the EU/EEA/UK that require access to personal information in order to assist us in providing our services. This means that when we collect your personal information it may be processed in countries that have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that the personal information we process will remain protected in accordance with applicable laws and this Notice when transferred internationally, including when processed by our third-party service providers and partners.
The safeguards we have taken include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information to our third-party service providers, vendors and partners which require them to protect any personal information they process from the EEA, Switzerland or UK in ways equivalent to those required under European data protection laws. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our non-EEA/EU/UK offices operating under the Captify brand. Our Standard Contractual Clauses may be provided if we receive a valid request.
Captify Commitments
Captify adheres to the IAB Europe OBA Framework. Please see
Section 18
which explains how you can make choices and control the collection and use of your personal information for online behavioural advertising.
In addition, Captify is compliant with IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF) and complies with the specifications and policies applicable to Captify’s business. Captify’s identification number within the framework is #2.
Captify is IAB Gold Standard 2.0 Certified. Captify is certified with TAG Anti-Fraud and TAG Brand Safety.
Captify is a data broker under Texas law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website.
11.
Additional Information for U.S. Consumers
These additional disclosures for U.S. consumers apply only to individuals who are residents of a U.S. State which has its own privacy-related legislation such as the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”) in California. Some parts of this section may not apply to you, depending on the legislation in the state where you are resident.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA:
Identifiers
, including unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, and IP addresses.
Demographics
, such as your age range, gender, employment type, income bracket, education level, pregnancy and childbirth and (non-sensitive) medical conditions. This category includes data that may qualify as protected classifications under other California or federal laws.
Commercial information
, including products or services purchased, obtained or considered, other purchasing histories or tendencies.
Internet activity
, including browsing history, search history, and your interactions with a publisher’s website or advertisements.
Geolocation data
, including location enabled services such as Wi-Fi. Using your IP address and third-party services, we may derive general location information such as your country, city, state or zip code. Collecting this information not only supports our services (for example, by knowing which advert to show you or to run advertising analytics), but helps us to understand your data rights.
Inferences
, including inferred trends, behaviours, preferences, characteristics, attitudes and sentiment based on collected data.
Sensitive Personal Information,
such as information concerning health.
For more background on information we collect, please review Section 5, “
How does Captify collect your personal information
?”
Sources of Personal Information
We collect personal information from the sources referred to in Section 5, “
How does Captify collect your personal information
?”
Business or Commercial Purposes
We use personal information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with this Notice and in particular the purposes referred to in Section 6. “How does Captify use personal information?
Disclosure to Third Parties
The categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information are set out in Section 8, “How does Captify share your information?”
Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared
In the past 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined by the CCPA) the same categories of personal information as set out in the list above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for Business Purposes
In the past 12 months, we have disclosed for business purposes the same categories of personal information as set out in the list above. Please also refer to Section 8, “
How does Captify share your information
?”
If you are a U.S. consumer then, depending on your state of residence, you may have the following key rights:
Right to Delete
You can ask us to delete the personal information we have collected from or about you. If we receive a verifiable request, we will anonymize the information in accordance with Section 15 and notify any relevant service providers, contractors or third parties that they should also delete such personal information from their records. Please note that this right may be subject to exceptions, e.g. in particular where processing the personal information is necessary for security reasons, exercising free speech, or complying with legal obligations. For personal information within our Core Service, the main method of meeting the requirement for deletion is by deleting all personally identifying elements so that the personal information cannot be traced back to you or any other identifiable person or household and is irreversibly anonymized (sometimes called “de-identifying”). In this case, we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form only and will not attempt to re-identify it.
Right to Correct
If we hold inaccurate personal information relating to you, you have the right to request that we correct such inaccurate personal information, taking into the account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of its processing.
Right to Know / Right of Confirmation and Access
You may request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and, up to twice every twelve months, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, any categories of personal information about you that we sold or shared, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling or sharing your personal information, if applicable.
Right to a Copy
You may ask for personal information that you previously provided to us to be provided to you in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another organization.
Right to Opt-Out
To the extent we may sell or share your personal information, as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt out of the sale and/or sharing of your personal information. In some U.S. states, this right also covers a right to opt out of data processing for targeted advertising and/or profiling for defined significant purposes.
Right to Limit use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Where we process sensitive personal information relating to you, you have the right to request that we restrict our use of that information, e.g. to use that is necessary to provide goods or services requested, to certain business purposes, or other legally permitted purposes.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment (e.g. by being offered different pricing or products, or a different level or quality of services) based on the exercise of any of your rights, and Captify will always honor this right.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Children’s Data
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” as those terms are defined under the CCPA, the personal information of minors under 16 years old.
Shine the Light
California residents may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to such requests once during any calendar year.
Right to Alternative Format
If you have a disability you can ask us to provide a copy of this Notice in an accessible format.
11a. CCPA Metrics
During the calendar year 2024, we received and responded to consumer requests as set forth in the table below. Please note that this reflects all requests received from individuals during 2024 as generally we do not know whether or not individuals are California consumers.
Requests
Received
Complied with / Completed
Unverified / Denied*
Mean Response Time in Days
Mean Response Time in Days
Right to Know / Access
2
1
1
5
5
Correction
0
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Deletion
3
0
3
4
5
Do Not Sell or Share Opt-Out
1
1
N/A
24
24
Limit Use of Sensitive PI
0
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
* Requests may have not been fulfilled if the consumer’s information was not in, or could not be matched to a unique identity in, our systems; where individuals did not provide ID or verification information required when requested; or where multiple requests were received for the same matter from the same consumer.
12.
How to Exercise your Rights under U.S. State Laws
To exercise any of your rights under U.S. state laws, please submit a request by contacting us using the details in
Section 20
. In the request, please specify which U.S. state you are resident in, the right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a service provider or contractor on behalf of a business and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, then wherever possible please inquire with the business directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of the business on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
As indicated above, Captify does not process contact data such as names or emails and so, while we will always investigate any request thoroughly, often it will be difficult for us to know whether or not we are processing any data relating to you, or we may not technically be able to locate it. In such cases, given the safeguards in place that enable you to manage directly your online choices and cookie settings, we believe it would be contrary to the intention of the law and to good data protection practices for us to ask you for (and then to process) additional data about you in order to investigate the request.
However, in the event you still would like us to investigate the request, we may require specific information from you for the limited purpose to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.
If we decide not to take action in response to a request you make under this Section, then you may have a right to appeal such decision (such appeal will be assessed by Captify’s senior management). Where applicable, you may submit an appeal through the online form available here or by contacting us using the details in Section 20.
13.
Business Contacts Data
We also need to process your personal information if we have or are considering a business relationship with you or your employer. This may include personal information such your name, organization, position, work email, work phone number, and professional qualifications and interests, relating to your work with the following:
A Captify customer (e.g. an agency or advertiser) in order to manage our contracts and campaigns, issue invoices and collect payments, and keep records;
A Captify customer (as an authorized user of our online campaign planning tools) in order to set up and manage your account, and provide customer service;
A web or mobile publisher or other data provider in order to manage data, make payments, and manage technical issues;
A supplier, potential supplier and other business contacts in order to collaborate, evaluate and negotiate the purchase of goods and services;
Potential clients, potential data suppliers or publishers, in order to expand Captify’s business and resources;
General business contacts such as journalists, influencers, policymakers, trade associations or conference organizers.
Other general purposes for processing of business contact information include the following:
Creating and sending marketing and press or PR materials, including advertisements and communications, about our and third-party products, offers, promotions, and services;
Managing and improving our marketing efforts, products, services and websites;
Responding to comments, questions, and requests, and providing client service;
Sending technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
In Europe, our legal basis for these data uses is that they are necessary for our legitimate interests in managing and developing our business, ensuring that our customers get good service, understanding how our services are used, and improving our products and services for the future. We only use this data for the above purposes. It is always used securely, and not in any intrusive way.
As this personal information always relates to your professional life (work email, work telephone, information about contracts etc.) and/or is obtained from sources where it is voluntarily offered (e.g. websites, trade shows, professional networking) or that are lawfully made available to the general public by you or from widely distributed media, or from sources to which you have made it available without restriction, there will be no negative impact on your privacy or rights, and our use is within what a professional data subject would reasonably expect. We have therefore concluded that we are able to process this data to support our legitimate interests in these ways.
Although applicable laws do not require us to obtain your consent for such data processing, you are still entitled to exercise your statutory rights in relation to such processing where applicable.
As a general matter, information is retained in accordance with Section 15, “
Retention Periods
”.
However, with respect to business contact data, information may be retained for a longer period because of a contractual or legal requirement. We regularly review and update the need for retaining such data.
For ‘business to business’ data (e.g. if you are a current or prospective Captify supplier or client) the data controller or business responsible for your data will be the Captify entity that you deal with, which may be:
Captify Technologies Ltd (UK)
Captify Technologies Inc. (USA)
Captify Technologies SARL (France)
Captify Technologies SRL (Italy)
Captify Technologies SL (Spain)
Captify Technologies GmbH (Germany)
Captify Technologies Pty Ltd (Australia).
14.
Marketing
We may send periodic promotional emails to business contacts whose data we have obtained as outlined in Section 13. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent to do so. You may withdraw consent or opt out as applicable of such communications at any time by following the instructions contained in each email, or by emailing us at
marketingteam@captify.co.uk
.
If you opt out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you non-promotional service-related emails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
15.
Retention Periods
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legal requirement or legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legal requirement or legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
We anonymise all advertising related data used for our Core Service that is more than 24 months old so that it cannot be linked to any identifiable person. We will retain such anonymised data for up to 5 years.
16.
Security
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you.  The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. If you would like more information about our technical and organizational measures, please contact us using the details set out in
Section 20
.
17.
Children’s Data
Captify does not create segments that target people below the age of 16 years. It is not our intention even to collect or process data from anyone under these ages. We have an Advertising Policy in place which governs this.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe that Captify may be processing data from a child that you have parental responsibility for, then please contact us at the addresses set out in
Section 20
.
18.
Managing Cookies and Other Technologies
If you have consented to cookies from Captify through one of our partners but you no longer want to receive Captify personalized ads, you can manage this directly as explained in this Section.
Manage your choices here:
Your ad choices
This does not affect email, telephone, direct mail or any other type of marketing, and if you wish to stop receiving those types of materials then you should contact the providers or any official “do not contact” lists separately.
Please note that managing cookie preferences will not prevent ads from being displayed on the websites you visit; it will simply stop you seeing advertising that has been tailored to your interests. Please note that the platform above allows you to choose not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by its members. You may still see personalized ads from other providers and should also contact them as needed.
PLEASE NOTE: When you manage choices in this way, a cookie will be set in your browser. You must maintain the cookie on your browser in order for advertising providers to recognize you as a visitor that has made this choice. You will need to repeat this process if you clear that cookie (or all cookies) from your browser, use a different web browser, or use a new device. If you have any questions, please contact us as set out in
Section 20
. If you decide not to accept cookies from a site, it is possible that in addition to not receiving personalized ads, some other functionalities and content on that site might not work as intended.
You can configure your web browser to remove cookies by following the directions provided in your browser’s “help” section – however, please be aware that this will also clear cookies that show that you have opted out, and so using the above processes is recommended.
Mobile:
You can opt out from receiving targeted advertising based on data collected via applications on mobile devices by following the instructions from the device maker or operating system provider (e.g., IOS or Android).
Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out and you may wish in addition to repeat the process on your other devices.
Local Storage:
If we have returned information to the local storage on your device, then we cannot delete it for you. You can change or delete it using the method applicable to your particular browser, for example found under F12>Application (Chrome or Bing), or Settings>Privacy & Settings (Firefox). Using these settings, you can also prevent websites from storing data in future.
19.
Controller / Processor
In relation to the Core Service, “Captify” refers to Captify Technologies Limited, (registered in England with company number 07620174). We are contactable at the addresses given in
Section 20
. Captify is the data controller or business that decides how and why your data is processed.
In some cases, we only act as a data processor (or service provider). An example of this is where an advertising client provides us with access to a database of theirs in order for us to perform particular services in accordance with their instructions. The types of data we receive, the purposes it is used for, and your rights, will be similar also in this case, but the primary responsibility for providing information and permitting you to exercise your rights lies with the relevant data controller or business.
For business contacts data, the data controller will normally be the Captify entity who you do (or may in future do) business with, as noted in
Section 13
.
20.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, our data practices, or wish to exercise any of your legal rights, please contact us:
By email:
dpo@captify.co.uk
Or if you are a current or potential business partner, please speak to your regular Captify point of contact.
In accordance with the GDPR, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be reached at the contact below:
Captify Technologies Ltd.
5 Langley Street
London WC2H 9JA, UK
dpo@captify.co.uk
Last updated on 29 January 2025.
Back to top of the page
Subscribe now
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more information, please see our
Cookie Notice.
Cookie Settings
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.transparentadvertising.eu/privacy:
EUID Privacy Notice
EUID Overview
What is EUID?
EUID is a tool used in digital advertising to show you advertisements in a way that respects your privacy and does not rely on third party cookies. The UK Trade Desk Ltd (‘The Trade Desk’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’) is a controller for EUID, together with the advertisers, data partners, and publishers who use it (we call these organisations ‘EUID participants’). This notice describes how The Trade Desk operates EUID and the rights and choices you have if you provide your email address or phone number. Click
here
if you want to skip ahead to the privacy notice. EUID participants will separately tell you how they use EUID for their own purposes – for example, when you visit a publisher’s website, it may provide this information to you in its privacy notice when it collects your email address or phone number to use it for EUID.
Why do EUID participants use EUID?
EUID participants improve their digital marketing campaigns by offering you a better experience of digital advertising. With your permission, EUID enables participants to gather and combine data across different sites, apps, and other contexts, and to share data with each other in relation to the buying and selling of advertising online. This in turn helps advertisers to show ads that are more relevant to you, can limit the number of times you see the same ad, and publishers are paid more for the same ad. This helps to fund their online content and keeps access fees low for users.
How does it work?
If you provide your email address or phone number to an EUID participant, such as a website where you log in, or with an advertiser where you have an account, then they can then send your email address or phone number to The Trade Desk to be turned into an advertising identifier (called an EUID).
Example:
You buy a pair of shoes from
ShoesRUs.com
, and
ShoesRUs
want to show you an ad for another pair of shoes it thinks you’ll like.
You later read the news on
ilovenews.com
. If both
ShoesRUs.com
and
ilovenews.com
have your EUID,
ShoesRUs
can make sure that its shoe ad is shown to you.
An EUID is made by putting your email address or phone number through complex algorithms to turn it into a string of text and numbers so that is no longer recognisable as that email address or phone number. It is not possible for anyone with the EUID to reverse this process to determine your email address or phone number.
Example:
An email address:
janesmith@myemail.com
turned into an EUID will be : ODJYV34CH3645SKGBNDK.
The Trade Desk uses your email address or phone number only to create and operate the EUID and comply with data protection law. You can opt out from having your email address or phone number used as an advertising identifier in EUID as a user at any time.
Click
here
to read more details about your rights and how to opt-out.
EUID Privacy Notice
This privacy notice describes how The Trade Desk creates and operates EUID and your rights with respect to EUID. The Trade Desk is a joint controller with each EUID participant, as described more fully below, but this notice does not describe how EUID participants may use an EUID after it is created. Their use of EUID is described in their own privacy notices.
The Trade Desk also processes EUIDs as a service for advertisers in connection with its Demand Side Platform. This use is separate from The Trade Desk’s creation and operation of EUID as described in this privacy notice. For more information on this use, and how your personal data is used in relation to The Trade Desk’s Demand Side Platform, please see The Trade Desk
Services Privacy Policy
.
This privacy notice applies only if you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, or United Kingdom (UK), or your data is otherwise protected by EEA, Swiss, or UK laws.
Your rights and how to withdraw consent or opt-out
You have the right to access your data, to ask us to provide it to you (or a third party) in machine readable format, and to correct, delete and restrict your data. These rights may be limited, for example if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. You can also object to our processing of your data under certain conditions.
If you want to exercise these rights in relation to EUID, you can contact either the EUID participants, using the details set out in their privacy notices, or you can contact The Trade Desk using the contact details provided in this notice. You may also use the EUID Transparency and Control Portal described below. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity.
If your email address or phone number has been used to create an EUID, you can withdraw consent or opt out of the processing of the EUID at any time. You can do this via the EUID Transparency and Control Portal available
here
.
If you follow the steps set out at the Transparency and Control Portal, The Trade Desk will stop creating EUIDs relating to the email address or phone number you provided. We will also instruct EUID participants, to whom The Trade Desk has issued EUIDs, to stop using the EUID for targeted digital advertising campaigns.
Where an EUID participant has asked us to create an EUID from your email address or phone number, you can also contact that party directly to find out how to opt out with that EUID participant and stop their processing of your email address or phone number. If you want to stop all EUID participants creating and processing EUIDs for your email address or phone number, you should use the Transparency and Control Portal.
If you withdraw consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Joint Controllers
The Trade Desk and each EUID participant, to whom you provided your email address or phone number to generate the EUID, are joint controllers for the processing involved in submitting your email address or phone number to The Trade Desk, creating an EUID and returning the EUID to the EUID participant.
The EUID participant who submitted your email address or phone number to create an EUID is responsible for providing you with information about their use of EUID and for ensuring that there is a lawful basis for use of your personal data for EUID.
The Trade Desk is responsible for the security of the submission of your email address or phone number to The Trade Desk, and the creation and return of the EUID to the EUID participant. The EUID participant is responsible for the security of your email address or phone number before providing it to The Trade Desk.
The Trade Desk is responsible for managing the opt out at the Transparency and Control Portal, as described above, which allows you to withdraw consent or object to the use of your email address or phone number to create an EUID.
Other than as described above, The Trade Desk and EUID participants are separately responsible for complying with the data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland and UK. In particular, the EUID participant that provided your email address or phone number is the primary contact for assisting you in exercising your data subject rights, but you can also contact The Trade Desk as set out below, particularly if you want to opt out of all use of your data for the creation of EUIDs.
The data we collect and the purposes for which The Trade Desk and EUID participants process data
The Trade Desk receives the email address or phone number you provided to an EUID participant, and from this creates an EUID by transforming it into a string of digits and numbers. Information on the form in which email addresses and phone numbers are retained by the Trade Desk is set out under the data retention section below.
EUID participants may then use the EUID for targeted advertising purposes, as further explained in their respective privacy notices.
Legal basis for processing
The Trade Desk and EUID participants may only process your email address or phone number and EUID when we have a “legal basis” to do this. When we process personal data provided by a website or app publisher (for example, a news outlet that you visit), then the legal basis we rely on to process your personal data to create and operate the EUID will be consent.
When we process personal data provided by an advertiser (a company from whom you have bought goods or services and who is allowed to send direct marketing to you), then the legal basis we rely on to process your personal data may either be consent or that the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of The Trade Desk and the advertiser.
When we process personal data provided by a data partner, then the legal basis we rely on to process your personal data may either be that the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of The Trade Desk and the data partner (but only when the EUID will be used for measurement and attribution purposes) or consent (if the EUID will be used for any other purpose(s)).
Where we rely on legitimate interests, these interests include, for example, enabling EUID end-users to use a privacy enhancing tool that respects their privacy and choice, and helping advertisers to attribute and measure the effectiveness of their advertising using EUID.
Which legal basis applies is selected by the advertiser or data partner as our joint controller.
More information on this legal basis can be found in the advertiser’s or data partner’s privacy notice.
We also retain a hashed copy of the email address or phone number used to create the EUID, along with the EUID itself, in order to assist us in the event that you seek to opt out, or withdraw consent. We may, if we receive a lawful request, disclose personal information in response to lawful requests from public authorities. Our legal basis for this is compliance with a legal obligation under applicable consumer law, advertising law and data protection law that governs such requests or requires cooperation with public authorities.
Sharing and transfer
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this notice.
We generate and share EUIDs with the EUID participant who has supplied us with your email address or phone number for conversion. They will then use this EUID for the advertising purposes described in their respective privacy notices.
Where an advertiser asks us to create an EUID, at the advertiser’s request, we will share the EUID with service providers who store or process the data for the advertiser.
We may also disclose personal information in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
International transfers
When we transform the email address or phone number into an EUID, we do this in the UK, EEA or Switzerland. If an EUID participant from outside the UK EEA, and Switzerland provides us with an email address or phone number, so that we can create an EUID, then we will share the EUID with that EUID participant; this will include partners in the US (but it could also be a partner located in any country in the world).
We transfer personal data outside the UK, EEA and Switzerland under valid transfer mechanisms:
The Trade Desk has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and is committed to adhering to DPF principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU and UK in reliance of DPF. We currently do not rely on the Swiss-U.S. DPF to transfer personal information to the U.S. until Switzerland’s recognition of adequacy, however, The Trade Desk is committed to adhering to Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The Trade Desk is responsible for ensuring that onward transfers to third parties are in accordance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
If deemed necessary under applicable data protection legislation, the standard contractual clauses for data transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this notice and such mechanisms, the terms of the transfer mechanism shall govern.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, The Trade Desk commits to address unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF submitted to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
Data retention
We may store your hashed email address or phone number for up to 18 months from the date on which the EUID was created in order to operate the EUID for certain advertisers and/or data partners. If you withdraw your consent, or object to our processing of your data for EUID, we keep a record of your opt-out, a hashed copy of the email address or phone number used to create the EUID, and the EUID itself. This is necessary for us to implement your request and ensure ongoing compliance with your data protection rights.
Contact us
You may contact us regarding privacy matters as follows:
Email:
privacy
((at))
thetradedesk
((dot))
com
or submit an inquiry
here
Global Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Email:
dpo
((at))
thetradedesk
((dot))
com
If you have a concern regarding our privacy practices, please contact us via the contacts above. If after reasonable efforts, you believe your concern has not been satisfactorily addressed by us:
In the EU, we recommend you contact the Data Protection Authority in the Member State where you normally reside, or where you work or where you believe a breach has occurred.
In Switzerland, we recommend you contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC).
In the UK, we recommend you contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) of the United Kingdom.
Changes to this notice
We may revise this notice at any time. However, if we make material changes, we will not apply them retroactively.
Last updated
27 September 2024
At a glance
Read the table for a quick overview.
Who we are:
EEA, Switzerland and UK
: The UK Trade Desk Ltd. 10th Floor, 1 Bartholomew Close London EC1A 7BL United Kingdom.
Email:
privacy
((at))
thetradedesk
((dot))
com
or submit an inquiry
here
.
What we do:
Generate and operate an EUID that can then be used for targeted advertising online.
The data collected to produce EUIDs includes:
Your email address or phone number.
This is transformed to create a unique, pseudonymous advertising identifier, called an EUID.
How we collect data:
We collect data from EUID participants (advertisers, publishers, and data partners) who submit an email address or phone number to us for the purpose of generating an EUID.
The purposes for which the EUID is processed:
We generate and operate EUIDs to enable EUID participants to then provide targeted advertising to you (as explained in their respective privacy notices).
Sharing and transfer:
We generate and share EUIDs with EUID participants who have supplied email addresses or phone numbers for conversion into an EUID. These EUID participants may then use the EUIDs for their own advertising purposes (as explained in their respective privacy notices).
We may also disclose personal information in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
International transfers:
We may transfer data from the country of origin to the US or other countries globally. We do so under a valid legal framework.
Data Retention:
We maintain generally accepted security methods to protect data collected for the generation of EUIDs.
We may store and retain a hashed copy of your email address or phone number for up to 18 months to operate the EUID. Where you have withdrawn your consent or opted-out to our data processing, we store and retain a record of your opt-out, a hashed copy of your email address or phone number, and the EUID itself, so we can comply with applicable data protection law.
Your rights and choices:
You have rights and choices with respect to the use of your personal data.
Sub-policy 3
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/:
I. What is the purpose of this policy?
Summary:
On this page you will find information about how LiveRamp processes personal data when providing its services.
For any information relating to the use of your personal data during your visit to our website, you can consult the
dedicated privacy policy
.
For information concerning LiveRamp’s use of cookies and pixels, click
here
The LiveRamp group provides its customers with tools to optimise their online marketing activities. As part of these activities, personal data that can directly or indirectly identify.B individuals are collected and processed.
In the United Kingdom, the LiveRamp group carries out its activities under the responsibility of LiveRamp UK Limited, a company with its registered address at 8 Kean Street, First Floor, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 4AS (“
LiveRamp
” or “
we
“). As explained in this policy, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a controller of personal data or as a processor acting on behalf of our customers.
This policy provides information about how your personal data is processed when we provide our services. This information is provided as part of a transparency process, to help you understand our processing activities, which are usually carried out in collaboration with our customers and other partners from which we collect personal data. To this end, to supplement the information provided in this policy, please consult the privacy policies of the partners concerned.
Specific legal terminology used in this policy, such as “personal data”, “controller” and “processor”, shall have the same meaning as set out in the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK
GDPR
“).
Who are our “partners” mentioned in this policy?
In providing our services we interact with, and in some cases share and receive data from, various partners who are organisations involved in the delivery of online advertising. We use different terminology depending on the type of partner, as explained below:
“Match Partners” – these are publishers of websites and mobile applications who use LiveRamp’s services to collect personal data from visitors to those sites and applications.
“Offline Partners” – these are commercial data providers from whom LiveRamp obtains personal data used to build its offline data repositories. These data repositories enable LiveRamp to link personal data for the purpose of providing our services to our customers.
“Sync Partners” – these are other advertising technology platforms with whom LiveRamp will synchronise user identifiers. These enable our customers to more effectively target online advertising.
Who are our “customers” mentioned in this policy?
Our customers are advertisers operating in sectors such as retail, automotive, telecommunications and insurance. LiveRamp provides various services to our customers to enable them to undertake more effective online advertising.
II. In which cases does LiveRamp process your personal data?
Summary:
LiveRamp processes your personal data in various data repositories. The data held in these repositories is sourced from commercial data providers with whom you have interacted, publicly available sources and from website and mobile application providers which embed LiveRamp technologies.
LiveRamp uses the data held in its data repositories to establish links between the data provided to us by our customers and data concerning the users of other websites and applications. By making these links LiveRamp enables its customers to more effectively target advertising to the users it is trying to reach across different advertising technology platforms. LiveRamp is a controller of the data held in its data repositories, which it uses to facilitate its linking process. This data is not shared with our customers. However, certain online identifiers which are created as a result of the linking process are shared with customers and advertising platforms to facilitate online advertising.
Separately, LiveRamp’s advertiser customers provide us with their own datasets (for example, lists of their existing customers). LiveRamp is a processor of the data provided to it by its customers, which is then linked by LiveRamp. This means we process such data on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
To provide its services, LiveRamp, as the data controller, builds offline and online data repositories of your personal data. The “offline” repository, a database of directly identifying data, and the “online” repository, a database which does not contain directly identifying data (e.g. names) but which includes online user identifiers, are used to enable LiveRamp to provide its services to customers.
The purpose of this processing is to enable LiveRamp to link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation technologies, to enable our customers to pursue their own objectives and purposes with regards to measurement, analysis, online and TV targeted advertising.
* Recognition, to link an individual’s personal data collected from potentially various sources or in different formats or structures.
* Pseudonymisation, to ensure maximum confidentiality and security while processing personal data.
* Synchronisation, to link different advertising environments.
You have various rights in relation to our processing of your personal data (e.g. to obtain copies of it and to object to our processing). These rights are not absolute. Further information is provided below. LiveRamp processes your personal data for the purpose of processing your request to
exercise your rights
.
A. LiveRamp processes personal data as a controller to provide solutions based on recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation (our purposes)
What is the context?
Our business is primarily to develop and provide solutions to advertising customers to enable them to improve their marketing activities. To deliver targeted advertising to selected consumers, our customers want to be able to find their own customers and users in different advertising environments.
To enable our customers to find their clients in different advertising environments, LiveRamp’s solutions are based on “
recognition
“, “
pseudonymisation
” and “
synchronisation
” technologies that link various data (collected “online” or “offline”) and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, and use this to enable our customers to analyse, measure and target across different data management and advertising environments.
What processing does LiveRamp perform as controller?
To perform this data link and synchronisation, we have developed data repositories, of which we are the controller. Most of the data contained in our repositories is collected indirectly from our partners via online collection forms or when subscribing to their services. We also use public and free-to-use data registers.
No data from the LiveRamp data repositories is ever shared with our customers. Instead, LiveRamp uses the data repositories to link our customers’ own data about its users so as to enable them to more effectively carry out advertising activities.
More details on the categories of data processed.
We follow a specific process in relation to our data repositories consisting of translating directly identifying information, for example surnames, first names, email and postal addresses, into pseudonymous identifiers. To pseudonymise data, we apply technical and organisational processes aimed at removing any element that directly identifies a person. Pseudonymous data remains personal data protected by personal data protection regulations, but it provides a better level of confidentiality.
When does synchronisation take place?
It is only after this pseudonymisation process that we synchronise the pseudonymous identifiers with those of the various advertising environments that operate the campaigns of our common customers. We then share this single list of pseudonymous and synchronised identifiers, and no other information, with advertising platforms to enable them to carry out online advertising campaigns for selected consumers.
B. LiveRamp, as a processor, processes personal data on behalf of its customers who perform advertising analytics and targeting, monetize their data and manage cookie consents on their websites
What processing does LiveRamp carry out as a processor?
In addition to the data held in our data repositories (for which we are a controller as described above), our customers will also provide us with their own datasets over which we will run linking processes to better enable them to analyse, measure and target
those individuals. We process such customer data as a processor acting on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
On receipt of our customers personal data sets we firstly pseudonymise the data by removing directly identifying information and replacing it with alternative identifiers. Once our customers’ personal data is pseudonymised, it is made available in their advertising environments for their own purposes.
What are the purposes pursued by LiveRamp’s customers as data controllers?
Our customers may have a range of purposes for which they use the personal data processed in connection with our services, and you should review our customers’ privacy policies for full information. Generally, the purposes pursued by our customers, for which we act as a processor, may be broadly categorised as follows:
– To customise the online advertising displayed to you by their advertising partners.
For example, if you have visited a clothing website and viewed the “sportswear” pages, you may then see advertisements for sportswear on other websites. This is because a cookie was placed on your device, subject to your consent, and associated you with our customer’s list of consumers interested in sportswear, which is then used by our customer through our services.
– To measure and analyse the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
For example, a sportswear company wants to better understand whether advertisements for a new sportswear line have contributed to increased sales. Our services can be used by this company to measure this impact.
– To optimise their marketing operations by identifying the most relevant channels for sending you advertising (websites, mobile applications, emails or SMS), while limiting the amount of advertising received.
For example, they may send you an email reminding you of the promotions available on the website of the brand of which you are a customer or avoid sending you the same advertisement several times on your various devices (computers, tablets or phones), to limit the amount of advertising you receive.
– To model audience segments to which our customers can promote their products and services.
For example, a brand is launching its new clothing range. It may use our services to analyse and enhance its knowledge of the socio-demographic or behavioural characteristics of its existing customers. It will be able to select other consumers with the same characteristics in order to send them advertisements and find new customers.
–
To monetise their audience segments for ad targeting or for campaign performance measurement purposes.
Some of our customers may make available their audience segments based on demographic and behavioural data for ad targeting purposes. They can thus send us data such as contact data (e.g. an email address) and/or digital identifiers (e.g. a cookie identifier) associated with marketing segments. Our role is to pseudonymise them (i.e. remove all directly identifying information) and make them available within the “LiveRamp Marketplace”, a platform through which the datasets can be accessed and used by our customers’ advertising environments in a selective, secure and pseudonymous manner.
Other customers may market performance analysis of advertising campaigns and appoint us to carry out this analysis. To do this, they send us their transactional data (e.g. purchases made from a brand) or their online or television advertising exposure data, in order to carry out this analysis on behalf of advertisers. Our role is to compare the populations exposed to an advertising campaign with those who bought the product related to this campaign, in order to produce a report presenting the conclusions relating to performance on an aggregate basis.
C. As a data processor, LiveRamp processes your personal data when publishers use LiveRamp’s ATS
We are processor on behalf of our ATS publishers: this means that they determine how and why your data is used. In this case, you are informed by our ATS publishers with whom you are in direct contact when such processing is initiated. Our ATS publishers only share pseudonymous data with us (your e-mail address in hashed form), which does not allow you to be directly identified and which we delete immediately after creating a corresponding technical and pseudonymous identifier. Such processing is carried out to enable our ATS publishers to customise the content and advertisements offered to you according to your interests, throughout your online experience (web, emails, mobile apps, connected objects, etc.).
III. When LiveRamp is the data controller, what personal data are processed, on what legal basis and for how long are the data retained?
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
Category of data
(details)
Legal basis
(details)
Retention period
(details)
Purpose of processing
Personal data
Legitimate interest
2 years from our last interaction with the data concerned
Link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition
Cookie and pixel data
Consent
Cookies: 12 months
Mobile IDs: 240 days
Associated data: 12 months
Data you provide to us in connection with the exercise of your rights
Compliance with a legal obligation
Period needed to manage and comply with your request.
Your data  will be retained for an additional period of time necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations and the exercise of our legal rights
Processing your request to exercise your rights
LiveRamp does not collect any “special categories of personal data” (i.e., information about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sex life, political opinions, health, trade union membership, or genetic/biometric data), or any personal data about children under the age of 13.
A. Categories of personal data processed by LiveRamp
Directly identifying personal data
Directly identifying personal data
: We collect the following directly identifying data: surnames, first names, dates of birth, postal addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers. This data is collected through our trusted partners (“Offline Partners”) who obtain information declared voluntarily by individuals through questionnaires when purchasing goods or subscribing to a service, for example. Furthermore, like many companies, we use information obtained from public sources such as the
Electoral Roll
.
Data that you send us in connection with the exercise of your rights:
In the context of exercising your rights (right to object or access your personal data, for example), we may ask you for certain personal data such as your surname, first name, postal address, email address as well as, for the sole right of access, a proof of your identity. We will only use this proof of identity to process your access request and it will be deleted once we have established your identity. If you choose not to provide us with this data, we may not be able to respond to your request to exercise your rights.
Indirectly identifying personal data
Cookies, pixels and associated data:
when you use certain websites and mobile applications of our Match Partners, or when opening an email sent by a Match Partner you have authorised, we read and store cookies and pixels and collect data such as identifiers linked to your devices (cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, etc.), as well as hashed email addresses and associated data (IP address, user agent, timestamp, URL or app name, etc.). The hashed email address collected is immediately pseudonymised using our technical processes and we do not retain any directly identifying data in the context of our cookies and pixels. This data is used as part of our recognition and synchronisation solutions to link the various data and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, which our customers can target in different advertising environments to send you advertisements tailored to your consumer profile.
These consumer profiles are not defined on the basis of your browsing, which we do not track, but on information that has been collected elsewhere by our customers in compliance with the regulations relating to the protection of personal data and the use of cookies. Those consumer profiles are not used in any automated decision making.
When you log into our Match Partners’ websites or mobile applications, or open an email sent by one of them, information relating to cookies and pixels must appear and must also allow you to consent to them being deposited on your device. A link to more comprehensive information must also be present. This detailed information page must include a specific notice on the storage of cookies by third parties including LiveRamp, as well as a link to this privacy policy.
You can also refuse our cookies by clicking
here
.
Your choice not to subscribe is cookie-based. For it to work on your device, your browser must be configured to accept third-party cookies. If you use a new device or browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to unsubscribe again.
B. Legal basis of processing
The
activities for which we are controller are based on the following:
Legitimate interest
The personal data processing we carry out is based on legitimate interest because it is essential to operate our customer solutions and thus honour
the agreements concluded with our customers and partners and enable our advertising customers to promote their products and services. We only rely on this legal basis in cases where the above mentioned interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms, on the basis of a careful balance of interests test. You may contact our Data Protection Officer to obtain further details in that respect.
This processing also enables consumers to see advertisements and content more suited to their interests when browsing, and to rationalise the amount of advertising received. Finally, this processing contributes to the web ecosystem in general because the additional revenues generated by this customisation make it possible to maintain free access to the content of many websites.
Consent
The processing of personal data associated with cookies and pixels is based on the consent that we collect in accordance with the regulations applicable to “cookies and other trackers”. Regarding the storing of our cookies, we also comply with the industry standards established by
IAB Europe (TCF)
and/or the
EDAA
where applicable and without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing. You can withdraw your consent regarding your data and LiveRamp cookies at any time via our page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data when we process your request to
exercise your rights
.
C. Retention periods for your personal data
The personal data that we process as a controller are retained for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services. We automatically refresh directly identifiable personal data based on the updated data provided by our Offline Partners. This process involves the removal of unusable data by application of the Offline Partner’s retention period and any opt out or erasure request. At the end of our contract with the related Offline Partner, we permanently delete the data they have provided. In any event, we automatically delete directly identifying personal data that have remained inactive for 2 years.
We store our cookie identifiers in our databases for 12 months but no longer use our cookies that have remained inactive for 90 days. We store mobile identifiers for 240 days after their entry into our databases. We store the data associated with our cookies separately and for a maximum of 12 months.
As part of the exercise of your rights, we retain a strict minimum of data allowing us, where applicable, to establish, exercise and defend our rights in court.
V. With whom may we share your data?
We may share the pseudonymous data or identifiers we use with various advertising environments when you have provided consent for this (Sync Partners, Match Partners), solely for the purpose of enabling us to synchronise with them, each acting as a data controller. We may also share with some of those partners pseudonymous identifiers to give effect to your consent withdrawals or opt-out.
We may also disclose data to a competent authority or court, but only if permitted or if required by law.
LiveRamp is a multinational company, which means that as part of our services we may transfer the data we collect to other entities in our group. We also use the services of certain service providers who help us operate our information systems.
We reserve the right to disclose data to third parties in case we (consider to) sell or transfer all or part of our business activities or assets to a third party, to the extent permitted by law.
Some of these recipients are located in countries outside the UK:
1/ which have been recognised by the UK as offering the same level of data protection as countries in the UK; or
2/ that have not been the subject of an adequacy decision. In this case, we use appropriate safeguards, in particular the International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) that gives personal data processed abroad an essentially equivalent protection as in the UK. To receive any further information on the suitable safeguards, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
VI. What are your rights?
Summary:
In accordance with the UK GDPR, you have the right to request access, rectification, erasure and portability transfer of your data, and the right to limit and request the restriction of and to object to its processing.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the processing of personal data is based on your consent, it being noted that it does not affect the lawfulness of the processing operations carried out based on your consent prior to its withdrawal.
To exercise these rights, please visit our dedicated page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
As a natural person whose personal data is processed, you have certain rights which are summarised below. Not all of these rights are absolute and we may have lawful grounds to refuse your request to exercise your rights, depending on the circumstances as set out in the applicable data protection legislation.
Right of access
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed and, if so, you have the right to request access to such personal data, including, but not limited to, information about the categories of personal data concerned, the purposes of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. In any case, we must take into account the rights and freedoms of others, so this right is not absolute. If you request more than one copy of the personal data processed, we may charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs.
Right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify incorrect personal data relating to you. Depending on the purpose of processing, you also have the right to request that incomplete personal data be completed, including by means of an additional statement.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the deletion of the personal data relating to you.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. In this case, your personal data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of substantial public interest.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances as defined in the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to receive personal data provided by you to us and relating to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you may also have the right to transfer such personal data to another controller or to request us to transfer such data directly to another controller to the extent this is technically possible.
Right to object
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to object at any time, for reasons relating to your specific situation, to the processing of your personal data by us, and we may be required to stop the processing of your personal data, unless we demonstrate that there are legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing which prevail on your interests and rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This applies in particular when the processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests.
Right to withdraw consent
In case you have given your consent for the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Notice, you can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that took place prior to the wit
hdrawal of consent.
LiveRamp has signed the
EDAA charter
and participates in the “
Your Online Choices
” programme which enables consumers to learn how targeted advertising has been offered to them and to choose whether they want to continue receiving such offers.
LiveRamp also participates in the “transparency and consent framework” of
IAB Europe (TCF)
and complies with its specifications and policies, this without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing, as described herein. The identification number of our company within the framework is 97.
VI. Data Security
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, and the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
LiveRamp takes the protection of your data seriously, and we have implemented appropriate technical, organisational, and physical measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit internal access to your personal data to our employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a legitimate business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
VII. Other information
Click
here
to contact the Data Protection Officer of LiveRamp.
If you wish to complain about how LiveRamp processes your personal data you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
Changes to our privacy policy
: LiveRamp reserves the right to update and revise this policy to reflect any regulatory changes or changes to our services. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, which displays the date of the last update.
Updated: January 2025
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.akamai.com/legal/privacy-and-policies:
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Close
X
Skip to main content
Legal
Your use of Akamai.com and/or Akamai's products and services is subject to the terms and provisions outlined in Akamai's legal policies. Our philosophy on privacy is also defined here.
Akamai Privacy Statement
This statement describes in detail how Akamai collects, uses, and shares information about individuals who interact with Akamai via its websites, online portals, mobile applications, or directly with Akamai employees and representatives, as well as by using the services of Akamai customers. For more information about Akamai’s data protection and privacy practices, please visit the
Akamai Privacy Trust Center
.
Learn more
Akamai Services
The Akamai Services page provides descriptions of billing methodologies, service-specific terms, end-user licenses, and additional policies applicable to Akamai products and services.
Learn more
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
Akamai has zero tolerance for bribery. It is against our values and policies for any officer, director, employee, partner, reseller, advisor or vendor to offer or accept bribes on our behalf. You can find out more in our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy.
Learn more
Akamai Technologies, Inc. Data Privacy Framework Policy Statement
Akamai Technologies, Inc. complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-US DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce in connection with its processing of certain personal data about data subjects in the European Union member countries, UK and Switzerland. Akamai Technologies, Inc. has adopted a policy that sets forth the standards under which Akamai will treat such personal data.
Learn more
Candidate Privacy Statement and Arbitration Agreement
Akamai is committed to protecting the privacy of our candidates for employment. All candidates for employment at Akamai are required to read and accept the Candidate Privacy Statement and Arbitration Agreement.
Learn more
Acceptable Use Policy
Our Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) sets forth guidelines for the acceptable use of Akamai's products and services. All users of the Akamai network and our products and services are required to read the Acceptable Use Policy prior to their use.
Learn more
Code of Ethics
Akamai is committed to operating at the highest level of excellence, honesty, fairness, and integrity. It is the responsibility of everyone on the Akamai team to make decisions and take actions in a manner that fully honors Akamai's commitment to these values.
Learn more
Portal Terms of Use
These Akamai Portal Terms of Use (these "Portal Terms of Use") set forth the terms and conditions applicable to the Akamai Control Center, Aura Operator Portal (the "Aura Operator Portal") and NetAlliance Partner Portal ("NAP Partner Portal") websites and any other websites or applications made available by Akamai Technologies, Inc. and/or its Affiliates ("Akamai") from time to time (collectively, the "Akamai Portal Sites") through which Akamai makes available certain Akamai Portal Services (as defined below).
Learn more
Copyright and Other Notices
The materials contained on Akamai.com are provided by Akamai and may be used for informational purposes only. By viewing or downloading any of the materials contained anywhere on Akamai.com, you agree to the terms and provisions outlined in our legal notices section.
Legal Notices for EMEA Countries
Learn more
EU Digital Services Act (DSA)
This page provides relevant information regarding (EU) Regulation 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 on a Single Market For Digital Services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC
(“Digital Services Act” or “DSA”).
Learn more
The Akamai Security Research Agreement ("SRA")
The Akamai Security Research Agreement ("SRA") provides the general framework for how you are permitted to engage in any effort arising from or related to the security of the Akamai ecosystem.  By participating in any of Akamai's programs, you agree to be subject to the SRA.
Learn more
Transparency in Coverage - Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA
In accordance with the Transparency in Coverage Rule, Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA has made available in-network negotiated rates and allowed amounts (amounts covered or services provided by out-of-network providers) as machine readable files.
Learn more
Akamai’s Environmental Management System
Our environmental management system (EMS) has been verified by a third party as compliant with the ISO 14001:2015 standard. We have implemented a range of tracking, monitoring, measuring, and reporting systems internally to meet all aspects of the standard, uniquely apply it to Akamai, and establish an evolving EMS.
Learn more
Customer Emissions Data
This document establishes Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s comprehensive policy regarding the customized reporting of customer emissions data. It aims to provide clear guidance on the creation, use, and audit of emissions reports while outlining the roles and responsibilities of Akamai and its customers in this process.
Learn more
Transparency in Coverage - Kaiser Permanente
In accordance with the Transparency in Coverage Rule, Kaiser Permanente has made available in-network negotiated rates and allowed amounts (amounts covered or services provided by out-of-network providers) as machine readable files.
Learn more
US Required Postings
Akamai is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to compliance with all applicable laws. Please click on the links below to review our EEO Policy and other required postings.
Akamai's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
E-Verify Participation
E-Verify Right to Work
Your cookie choices for this website
We use cookies to ensure the fast reliable and secure operation of this website, to improve your website experience, to enable certain social media interactions and to manage your cookie choices. Some cookies process personal data. By agreeing to the placement of the cookies you also agree to the related personal data processing activities, where applicable. Click “Manage Preferences” to make individual choices and get details on the cookies in use and the processing activities in the Cookie Details section, click “Accept Cookies” to agree to the storing of all cookies except for strictly necessary cookies and the data processing activities or click “Reject Cookies” to reject all cookies except for strictly necessary cookies. You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the Cookie Icon that appears at the lower left corner when scrolling the website. For additional information relating to your privacy take a look at our
Privacy Statement.
Accept Cookies
Manage Preferences
Reject Cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to content
Chartbeat Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 29, 2025
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how Chartbeat, Inc. (“Chartbeat”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collects and uses Personal Data (defined below) for which Chartbeat acts as a data controller under applicable privacy laws. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information,” “personal information,” or “personal data” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully – by visiting our website(s) including www.chartbeat.com (the “Site”) or using the Chartbeat Services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use and disclose your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Remember that your use of the Chartbeat Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Service
and the applicable Work Order. Capitalized terms used here and defined in the Terms of Service shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy only addresses activities on our Site and Chartbeat Services. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage. If you are a visitor of one of our Customer’s websites that utilize the Chartbeat Services, we process your Personal Data on behalf of such Customer as a “data processor.” For additional information, please see the “
Personal Data We Process as a Data Processor
” section below.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
. Where appropriate, we may refer you to our Customer in respect of any queries relating to the Customer as the data controller.
You may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by clicking here.
Privacy Policy Table of Contents:
Notification of Changes
Sources of Information
Personal Data
What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Data We Process as a Data Processor
Cookies
Our Legal Bases and Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Your Rights
European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Residents
U.S. Residents
Links to Third Party Websites
Privacy Protection for Children
Security
Location and Storage of Personal Data
Contact Us
1. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice on our website or other aspect of the Chartbeat Services, sending you an email, or by other reasonable means.
2. SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We may collect Personal Data about you from:
You:
When you provide such information directly to us, and when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of the Chartbeat Services.
Third parties
: When third parties provide us with Personal Data about you (“Third Parties”). Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
Service Providers.
For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Chartbeat Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Social networks connected to the Chartbeat Services
. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Chartbeat Services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us.
Advertising partners
. We may receive Personal Data about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.
Our affiliates.
We may receive information about you from our affiliates, which can be used to enhance the Chartbeat Services for Customers.
3. PERSONAL DATA
What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
The following tables describe the kinds of Personal Data we may collect about you and our business or commercial purposes for collecting such information. One or more tables may apply to you depending on your relationship with us.
Visitors
: We may collect, or may have collected over the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Data about you if you visit our Site, sign up for our marketing materials, or otherwise engage with us before becoming a Customer (“Visitor”):
Category of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection
Categories of Third Parties To Whom We Disclose Personal Data
Personal Identifiers
such as name, account name, email address
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
such as browsing history, IP address, web page interactions, referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Chartbeat Services, non-identifiable request IDs, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Device/IP Data
such as IP address, device ID, domain server, and type of device/ operating system/ browser used to access the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
such asemails, letters, texts, or other communications you send us
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Customers
: If you are a customer, we collect, or have collecte over the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Category of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Disclose this Personal Data
Personal identifiers
such as name, account name, email address, phone number, business postal address, user ID, password
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Payment Data
such as financial account information, payment card type, last 4 digits of payment card, and billing address, phone number, and email
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Service Providers (specifically our payment processing partners, currently PayPal, Inc. (“PayPal”) and  BlueSnap, Inc. (“BlueSnap”)
Device/IP Data
such as IP address, device ID, domain server, and type of device/ operating system/ browser used to access the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Commercial Data
such as purchase history
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Professional or Employment-Related Data
such as job title
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
such asemails, letters, texts, or other communications you send us
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Personal Data That We Process as a Data Processor
We process certain Personal Data (including as may be collected via on our Customers’ websites) as a data processor in connection with the Chartbeat Services. The Customer whose website you visited is the “data controller” of such Personal Data. Since we don’t control this Personal Data, we may direct you to contact such Customer directly with inquiries about your Personal Data or to exercise any rights afforded to you under applicable law.
In connection with providing the Chartbeat Services to a Customer, we use cookies on a Customer’s website depending on how the Customer configures such cookies. We do not control the Personal Data that a Customer chooses to collect through use of the Chartbeat cookies. We may use Personal Data collected through cookies on a Customer’s website to provide the Chartbeat Services, or for systems administration, abuse prevention, or as otherwise permitted under our agreement with such Customer. For additional information about the Personal Data collected by a website using a Chartbeat cookie, please see the privacy policy posted on the website you visited.
Cookies
Like most websites, our Site places cookies, pixel tags, web beacons or similar technology (“Cookies”) that serve various purposes, as described below, including to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use the Chartbeat Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve the Chartbeat Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access the Chartbeat Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s).
Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Chartbeat Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time. As described further above, we also may place Cookies on our customers’ websites in connection with the Chartbeat Services.
If you are a Visitor (as defined above), we use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies
. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of the Chartbeat Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Personalization Cookies.
Personalization Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding the Chartbeat Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to the Chartbeat Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Analytics Cookies.
Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how Visitors use the Chartbeat Services. They do this by collecting information about the number of Visitors to the Chartbeat Services, what pages Visitors view on our Chartbeat Services and how long Visitors are viewing pages on the Chartbeat Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Chartbeat Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google LLC (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and disclose information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Targeted Advertising Cookies
. Targeted Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests for the purposes of serving advertising that might interest you and may be targeted to users who fit certain general profile categories or display certain preferences or behaviors (“Targeted Advertising”). For more information about Targeted Advertising, please see the section below titled “Information about Targeted Advertisements.”
If you are a Customer, we use the following types of Cookies:
Essential, Personalization, and Performance/Analytical Cookies
. We use Essential Cookies and Personalization Cookies to allow Customers to login without entering their user ID and password each time they use the Chartbeat Services and to otherwise provide the Chartbeat Services. [We also use Analytics Cookies to understand how Customers are using the Chartbeat Services, what pages Customers view on our Chartbeat Services and how long Customers are viewing pages on the Chartbeat Services. Analytics Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising.]
We do not collect Personal Data from Customers through Targeted Advertising cookies or otherwise engage in Targeted Advertising for Customers, except to the limited extent such Customer is a Visitor.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. With respect to cookies on our Site, you can also explore what cookie settings are available to you or modify your preferences with respect to cookies via cookie management settings by clicking “
Your Privacy Settings
[Author11]
” in the footer of the Site or by implementing the Global Privacy Control. If a Customer disables cookies, it will not be able to use the data tracking capabilities of the Chartbeat Services.
Information about Targeted Advertisements
We may serve targeted advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks, including third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms, to serve advertisements through the Site. Information for Targeted Advertising (including Personal Data) may be provided to us by you, or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the Site and/or services of third parties. Such information may be gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Site. To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver Cookies, including a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Site. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Web beacons allow ad networks to view, edit or set their own Cookies on your browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
4. OUR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASES FOR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Visitors
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services
Providing you with the Site or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Operating and providing support and assistance for the Site.
Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Site, its content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal or as otherwise set forth in applicable U.S. state privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CCPA” and collectively with other applicable U.S. state privacy laws, the “U.S. State Privacy Laws”).
Marketing the Chartbeat Services
Marketing and selling the Chartbeat Services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based, online behavioral or targeted advertising.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Chartbeat or the Chartbeat Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences.
Customers
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Processing orders or other transactions; billing.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Chartbeat Services.
Improving the Chartbeat Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Chartbeat Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in the U.S. State Privacy Laws.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Chartbeat or the Chartbeat Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences.
Processing Grounds under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, we will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Contractual Necessity:
We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Service with you, which enables us to provide you with the Chartbeat Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Chartbeat Services that require such data.
Visitors
: Personal Identifiers, Device/IP data, and Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide.
Customers
:
Personal Identifiers, Payment Data, and Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide.
Legitimate Interest
: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties:
Visitors
: Internet or Other Similar Network Activity and Device/IP Data.
Customers
:
Device/IP Data, Commercial Data, and Professional or Employment-Related Data.
We may also de-identify or anonymize Personal Data to further our legitimate interests, as described further below.
Examples of these legitimate interests include (as described in more detail above):
Providing, customizing and improving the Chartbeat Services.
Marketing the Chartbeat Services.
Corresponding with you.
Meeting legal requirements and enforcing legal terms.
Completing corporate transactions.
Consent:
In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds
: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Other Permitted Purposes for Processing Personal Data
In addition, each of the above referenced categories of Personal Data may be collected, used, and disclosed with the government, including law enforcement, or other parties to meet certain legal requirements and enforcing legal terms including: fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities; protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Chartbeat or another party; enforcing any agreements with you; responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights; and resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice or obtaining your consent.
5. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose your Personal Data as described in this section, or with your express consent.
Service Providers
These parties help us provide the Chartbeat Services or perform business functions on our behalf. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Analytics providers for web traffic or usage of the site.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Product fulfillment and delivery providers.
Payment processors.
Our payment processing partners, PayPal and BlueSnap, collect your voluntarily-provided payment card information necessary to process your payment.
Please see PayPal or BlueSnap terms of service and privacy policy for information on its use and storage of your Personal Data.
Affiliates and Business Partners
We may disclose certain Personal Data to our corporate affiliates or parties that partner with us in offering various services, including businesses that you have a relationship with or companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities.
Additionally, Chartbeat may partner with Business Partners in offering various services, including businesses that you have a relationship with and companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities.
Third Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Solely at your direction or based on your authorization or use, we may disclose certain Personal Data to third parties you access through the services, including social media services.
Legal Obligations
We may disclose any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Other Permitted Purposes for Processing Personal Data” section above.
Voluntary Public Disclosure by You of Personal Data
Please be aware that whenever one voluntarily discloses Personal Data online – e.g., on message boards, in chat areas, in file uploads, through events, etc. – that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others and indexed in search engines. We have no control over, and take no responsibility for, the use, storage or dissemination of such publicly disclosed Personal Data. By posting Personal Data online in public forums, users may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.
Aggregated and Anonymized Data
Chartbeat may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Chartbeat Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You may exercise your rights with us in accordance with this section. Please note that your rights may be subject to additional requirements, conditions, or exceptions in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about your rights, please reach out to
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
You may receiving marketing communications from us, for instance, when you register for the Chartbeat Services or visit the Site. If you would like to opt-out of such communications, you may unsubscribe in the link provided in any email communication.
European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Residents
If you are a European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Swiss resident, you have certain rights pursuant to applicable law, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), as set forth below. If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict.
If you have any questions about this section, whether any of the following applies to you, or the rights described below, or to submit a request regarding your Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
EU, UK, and Swiss Resident Rights
Access:
You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by logging on to your account.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by logging on to your account.
Erasure:
You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of the Chartbeat Services.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Chartbeat’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Chartbeat Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Chartbeat and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Chartbeat Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Chartbeat in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Chartbeat to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. In some circumstances, your Personal Data may be transferred to the U.S. pursuant to a data processing agreement incorporating standard data protection clauses and/or the Data Privacy Framework(s), as discussed below.
Data Privacy Framework
Chartbeat and its subsidiary Tubular Labs, Inc. (“Tubular”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK-U.S. DPF”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, the “DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Chartbeat and Tubular have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we they adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) and applicable principles under the UK-U.S. DPF (“UK-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF. Chartbeat and Tubular have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the UK-U.S. DPF Principles, collectively, the “DPF Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Chartbeat’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Data we collect, the purposes for which we collect and use your Personal Data, and the purposes for which we disclose your Personal Data to certain types of third parties in the sections above. Pursuant to the DPF, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain Personal Data relating to you in the U.S. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the Personal Data that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the Personal Data we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the U.S. under DPF, should direct their query to privacy@chartbeat.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. This Privacy Policy has additional information about the rights afforded to you.
We will provide you with the choice to opt-out from the sharing of your Personal Data, with any third parties (other than our agents or those that act on our behalf or under our instruction), or before we use it for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.
In addition to any other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, in certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Chartbeat’s accountability for Personal Data that we receive in the U.S. under the DPF and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf is described in the DPF Principles. In particular, we remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agents process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Chartbeat proves that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Chartbeat commits to DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. European Union, United Kingdom, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Chartbeat at privacy@chartbeat.com.
Chartbeat has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to a U.S.-based independent dispute resolution mechanism, BBB NATIONAL PROGRAMS. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbbprograms.org/dpf-complaints for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. For more information, see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, located at https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
B.
U.S. Residents
If you reside in certain U.S. states, you may have certain rights afforded to you (as described below) depending on your state of residence. Please see the “
Exercising Your U.S. State Privacy Law Rights
” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. Please note that we may process Personal Data of our customers’ end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain services to our customers. If we are processing your Personal Data as a service provider, you should contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data. Please note that your rights may be subject to certain conditions or exceptions in accordance applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws.
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
Access.
You may have the right to request confirmation of or access to the Personal Data that we process about you. You can also request access to a portable copy of your Personal Data. If you are an Oregon resident, you also have the right to request a list of specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which we have disclosed Personal Data.
Deletion
. You may have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you.
Correction.
You may have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data we have collected about you.
Portability
. You may have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format, to the extent technically feasible.
Selling/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
. We do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Data, except to the extent you are a Visitor.
If you are a Visitor, depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to opt out from the (1) selling, (2) sharing, or (3) processing for the purposes of targeted advertising of your Personal Data. These or similar terms may be defined differently depending the applicable U.S. State Privacy Law. For clarity, when we use the term “sell,” we mean for valuable consideration and not for any monetary value.
If you have the right to opt-out of the sale or share of your Personal Data, you can do so by following the instructions in the “
Exercising Your U.S. State Privacy Law Rights
” section. Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
We may sell or share your Personal Data as a Visitor to or with the following categories of third parties:
Ad networks and marketing providers.
Over the past 12 months, we may have sold or shared the following categories of your Personal Data, solely to the extent you are a Visitor and only to categories of third parties listed above:
Personal Identifiers and Internet or Other Similar Network Activity Information.
To our knowledge, we do not sell or share the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the U.S. State Privacy Laws
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the U.S. State Privacy Laws. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the U.S. State Privacy Laws. However, we may have different tiers of the Chartbeat Services as allowed by applicable data protection laws (including the U.S. State Privacy Laws) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Exercising Your U.S. Privacy Rights
To exercise the rights described in this Privacy Policy, you or, if permitted by applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws, your Authorized Agent (defined below) must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data (such as your Contact or Profile Data), and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within the time period required by applicable privacy laws. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
Request to Opt-Out of Sale, Share, and/or Targeted Advertising
As applicable, you may opt-out from any “sales,” “shares,” or targeted advertising through Cookies, by using the following methods:
By accessing your cookie consent mechanism by accessing “Your Privacy Settings” at the bottom left of our website.
By implementing the Global Privacy Control or similar universal privacy control that is legally recognized by a government agency or industry standard and that complies with applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws. The signal issued by the control must be initiated by your browser and applies to the specific device and browser you use at the time you cast the signal.
Request to Access, Delete, or Correct
As applicable, you may submit a Valid Request for any other rights afforded to you in this Privacy Policy by emailing us at:
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
For residents of certain states, you may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf.
Appealing a Denial
If we refuse to take action on your request within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request in accordance with this section, you may appeal our decision if permitted by applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws. In such appeal, you must (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the original request pertains and to identify the original request, and (2) provide a description of the basis of your appeal. Please note that your appeal will be subject to your rights and obligations afforded to you under the U.S. State Privacy Laws (as applicable). We will respond to your appeal within the time period required under the applicable law. You can submit a Verified Request to appeal by emailing us at:
privacy@chartbeat.com
(title must include “[STATE OF RESIDENCE] Appeal”).
If we deny your appeal, in certain states you have the right to contact the Attorney General of your State, including by the following links:
Colorado
,
Connecticut
,
Montana
,
Oregon
,
Texas
, and
Virginia
.
7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Site may contain links to third party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites you choose to visit. If you provide any Personal Data directly to parties other than us, different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of that Personal Data. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your Personal Data to third parties.
8. PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and applicable data protection laws, we do not knowingly provide access to the Chartbeat Services to persons under the age of eighteen (18). If we learn that any user of the Chartbeat Services is under the age of eighteen (18), we will take appropriate steps to remove that user’s information from our records and we will restrict that individual from future access to the Chartbeat Services. Please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected Personal Data from a child.
9. SECURITY AND RETENTION
We have implemented security measures to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of Personal Data which is collected and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Each of our employees and agents are aware of our security policies; Personal Data is only available to those employees and agents who need it to perform their jobs.
We keep your Personal Data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is processed. The length of time for which we retain Personal Data depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Except as required by applicable laws or in order to defend any actual or possible legal claims, we will take reasonable steps to return or irretrievably delete all Personal Data processed on behalf of our Customers when it is no longer required to exercise or perform our rights or obligations under our Terms of Service (provided that we may retain Customer’s employee/users’ Personal Data to provide future notices to Customer and respond to future Customer or legal inquiries).
10. HR DATA
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Chartbeat commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about how we use your Personal Data, or if you would like to request access to your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please contact Chartbeat at privacy@chartbeat.com, or Chartbeat, Inc. at 701 Tillery Street, Unit 12-1019, Austin, Texas 78702.
Individuals and the data protection supervisory authorities in the EU/EEA and individuals and the data protection supervisory authority (“ICO”) in the UK may also contact our data protection representatives according to Article 27 GDPR:
EU: DP-Dock GmbH, Attn.: Chartbeat, Ballindamm 39, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK: DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn.: Chartbeat, 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
www.dp-dock.com
chartbeat@gdpr-rep.com
You may also make a complaint to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or the data protection regulator in the country where you usually live or work, or where an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation has taken place. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Company / Privacy
Your privacy & Hotjar
From day one, Hotjar was designed and built with privacy in mind. We wanted to help our customers improve their websites and create better user experiences, while keeping privacy at the core of our software—and we’ve been doing it since 2014.
Today, Hotjar is used on over 900,000 websites in 180+ countries. We believe we have a responsibility to set the example and protect not just the privacy of our customers, but also that of the people who visit their websites—in other words: you.
Company / Privacy
Your privacy & Hotjar
From day one, Hotjar was designed and built with privacy in mind. We wanted to help our customers improve their websites and create better user experiences, while keeping privacy at the core of our software—and we’ve been doing it since 2014.
Today, Hotjar is used on over 900,000 websites in 180+ countries. We believe we have a responsibility to set the example and protect not just the privacy of our customers, but also that of the people who visit their websites—in other words: you.
Improving websites, for you.
Online businesses use Hotjar to create better website experiences.
Nobody wants to waste their time on a website that is confusing and hard to navigate.
You know it, we know it, and website owners know it too—which is why they turn to Hotjar.
Website owners use Hotjar to better understand user behavior: what actions people take on a website, what elements of a page they click or ignore, what they enjoy, where they struggle. With this insight, website owners can then make changes that improve the overall experience for all website users. And that includes you.
Show more
We record interactions, not your sensitive data.
Hotjar is designed for websites to get insights. And respect your privacy.
When you browse a website that has Hotjar installed, we collect data about your interactions (e.g. where you click, scroll your mouse, move in between pages) and use it to create visual representations of the experience. Website owners get these insights without tracking IP/MAC addresses-- the stuff that relates to the device you use.
Some Hotjar tools, like session recordings, reconstruct the individual actions you took during a website visit; others, like heatmaps, aggregate data points from you and hundreds of other visitors in one report.
But in all cases, by default, sensitive data that you might enter on the site (your credit card details or phone numbers) will never reach our servers: we cannot see it, and neither can the website owner. Hotjar customers viewing a session recording will only see asterisks (‘***’ ) instead of numbers.
For more information, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
We will never share or sell your data.
Not to advertisers. Not to third-party services. Not to anyone.
Nobody here at Hotjar likes the idea of tools following us around different websites or companies sharing and selling our data without our permission. We are committed to making sure this doesn’t happen to you, either.
Hotjar is designed to help make websites easier to use, and the data we track about your website visit (for example, what and where you click) is only used for this purpose. We don’t follow you around the Internet: website owners who use Hotjar cannot see or find out about your activity on sites they don’t own. Likewise, we don’t harvest personal data or sell it to anyone, ever, for any reason. Nor do we mine it for profiling or advertising purposes.
To learn more about data privacy, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
Request and access your data, anytime.
Your data is stored securely, and you can ask to see it whenever you want.
As a website visitor, you have the right to request access to the personal identifiable information a website owner collected and stored about you. You also have the right to request that this information is deleted.
At any time, you can request a website owner who uses Hotjar to give you access to your data. They can run a search for personal data from inside the Hotjar dashboard; the system will then generate and email you a report that lets you view, and delete, any data connected with you.
To learn more about data privacy and accessing your data, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
Tracking: we'll always give you options.
If you prefer websites not to track data about your visit, we can help.
If you prefer websites not to track data about your visit, we can help.
If you want to stop a website using Hotjar from collecting data about your visit, you should know that the website owner is responsible for getting your consent to collect and process data about your visit (and must allow you to withdraw that consent as well).
But we understand that you might want Hotjar (and other tools) to not process data about you regardless of whether a site owner asks for permission or not, so we want to give you an extra option. If you put a ‘Do Not Track’ flag on your browser, Hotjar will look for it before we collect any data about your site visit. Not everybody does that, but we do.
For more information about this take a look at our
guide on how ‘Do Not Track’ in your browser works
.
Show more
Compliance commitment: GDPR, CCPA, and more.
Our customers can use Hotjar in a compliant manner, for you.
We have followed a ‘privacy by design’ approach since our very first day, back in 2014, so we’re big supporters of privacy acts and regulations like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) that enhance your privacy rights and protection as a consumer.
We have built the necessary controls around anonymity and consent to make sure website owners who use Hotjar can do it in a compliant manner. Plus, our legal team is fully committed to keeping up-to-date with any changes in the law and making sure they are reflected in our product.
You can read more about GDPR, CCPA, LGPD, and our other commitments over in our
Compliance resources.
Show more
Questions? We’ve got you covered.
From FAQs to in-depth resources - our help center has everything you need to know about Hotjar relating to privacy, compliance, legal, and security.
Take me there
Sub-policy 8
https://viafoura.com/privacy-policy/:
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Accept
Cookie Preferences
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Effective as of Jan 1, 2022
Our Business, Technology, Customers and End-Users
Purpose of Privacy Policy and Regulatory Framework
Information We Collect
How We Use the Information
Minors
Third Parties
Security
Contact Person on Privacy Issues Including Data Deletion Requests
Transparency and Consent Compliance
GDPR Compliance
1. OUR BUSINESS, TECHNOLOGY, CUSTOMERS AND END-USERS
We value your privacy, and we want to help make your experience with us as satisfying and safe as possible, whether you are accessing Viafoura the use of any of our Social Plugins and/or our website available at viafoura.com, including the internal administration system provided to our Clients, available at admin.viafoura.com (the “Admin Area”).
Viafoura is a technology company
offering
a set of web-based social plugins and tools to
engage users
on third party websites and apps across the internet and mobile (“Social Plugins”). Viafoura Social Plugins enable online businesses (“Clients”) to:
Connect their authentication services with Viafoura’s (“Social Login”);
Offer their website and mobile applications end users (“End Users”) with engagement
tools
such as commenting and community discovery tools such as Top Users, Most Popular Articles (“Engagement Tools”)
Analyze a websites Social Login and Engagement
activity
to provide usage and data metrics (“Social Analytics”) to our clients.
2. PURPOSE OF PRIVACY POLICY AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK
We have developed this Policy to explain how we handle personal information received from our customers and end-users. This Policy reflects the requirements of The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, a federal statute in force throughout Canada. We inform and train staff on privacy policies.
“Personal Information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, is information that allows a person to directly identify an individual, such as a name or email address, and information that we combine directly with such identifying information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Viafoura Terms of Service. By using the Viafoura Website or our Services, you expressly consent to the
information
handling practices described in this Privacy Policy.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit viafoura.com or a site powered by viafoura technologies, we collect two types of information. Personal information and passive data. Personal information, you will be prompted and will need to consent before we can store it. Passive data is collected as you interact with the
site
running Viafoura technology.
Personal Information:
If you, as an End User, choose to log into a Client’s website or mobile application using an account you have already established with a social networking
platform
(e.g., Facebook, Twitter) or an email platform (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo! Mail), you give the website (or mobile application) access to certain Personal Information stored on the given social network or email platform. Viafoura, on behalf of our Clients, will collect and store this Personal Information.  Viafoura’s platform specifically receives and stores name, email and customer generated UID for the purposes of identifying the user.
This End User Passed Data may include, but not be limited to, your name, email address, postal address, and demographic information such as age and gender.
Viafoura clients may enable you to post comments and other user-generated content on their websites or mobile applications. The text of these submissions are collected and stored on behalf of our Clients. These submissions are associated with the identity you used to authenticate with the given Social Plugin, and your name and profile picture will be displayed alongside your Comments on the Client’s website or mobile application. You may also opt-in to post this content to your connected social networks.
Passive Data:
Like most web-based services, we automatically receive and record information on our system from your browser when you use sites running Viafoura technology. We may use a variety of methods, including “cookies”, to collect this information. We use both session and persistent cookies. The information that we may collect with these automated methods may include, your IP address, cookie information, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on the Viafoura clients, the frequency and duration of your, and the “referring URL”. We may also use cookies to store session validators on your hard drive. If we directly combine any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we use information collected by passive means in aggregated forms.
Please note that any information collected by Viafoura, is subject to that particular Client’s privacy policy, and that Viafoura is merely facilitating the collection, transfer, and storage of the Personal Information in accordance with that privacy policy.
4. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Personal Information:
We maintain no rights to use any End User Personal Information transmitted to us on behalf of our Clients through the Viafoura Services or received from the social networks, except to make the Services available to the Client and/or End User. We do not sell any End User Personal Information transmitted to us through the Services or received from the social networks. All Personal Information captured by our Client’s websites or mobile applications is subject to the privacy policies of those websites. You should read and be aware of the terms of service, privacy policy, and privacy practices of the website of any Client utilizing our Services.
Passive Data Collection:
This information is used to facilitate delivery of the Service and, in some cases, for internal reports. Additionally, some of the information collected is used in the Client Reports. The Client Reports may contain both passively-collected information and End User Personal Information.
Certain passively-collected information collected by Viafoura is also made available directly to the Client. The Client then has the ability to manually pass the data to third party analytics tools, like Google Analytics and Omniture Site Catalyst, for additional reporting. This data is owned by our Clients and their own third party analytics accounts. We do this only at the request and direction of the Client.
Please note that, as End Users utilizing Viafoura on a Client’s website, that Client may also passively collect data subject to that website’s particular Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, non-Viafoura actions such as purchases and videos watched. You should read and be aware of the terms of service, privacy policy, and privacy practices of the website of any Client utilizing our Services.
We may share aggregated information with Clients, prospective Clients, partners or the press in order to demonstrate usage of the Service, spot industry and advertising trends, and to generate publicity for the Service. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain Personal Information.
5. MINORS
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) protects the online
privacy
of children under 13 years of age. Viafoura’s Website is not directed toward individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide personally identifying information through our websites. Additionally, we do not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law. If we learn that Personal Information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Viafoura Website, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has registered on the Viafoura Website or you believe has otherwise provided Personal Information to Viafoura, please contact Viafoura at
privacy@viafoura.com
to have that child’s account terminated and information deleted.
Viafoura’s clients are responsible for ensuring that they are in compliance with COPPA, Viafoura is merely acting at the direction of our Clients and as an agent of our Clients. If we learn that Personal Information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age through the Viafoura Services without parental consent as required by COPPA and is stored on Viafoura servers, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted.
6. THIRD PARTIES
We share your information with third parties only in limited circumstances where we believe such sharing is reasonably necessary to offer the service or permitted by you as specified in this Privacy Policy. For example:
We may provide information to service providers to help us bring you the services we offer. Specifically, we may use third parties to facilitate our business, such as to host the service (i.e a cloud web hosting), to send out email notifications or to provide analytics services to our Clients. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access to your personal information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. Where we utilize third parties for the processing of any personal information, we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections limiting the use of that information to the Viafoura specified purposes.
We may use pseudonymized and encrypted user identifier information to show ads that are more relevant to our audiences. Further details on how this data is used by third parties such as Google, and how you can control the information that is collected by Google, can be found at the following link:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
.
When you use our website or our products on publishers sites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s
privacy policy
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data
at any time
.
7. SECURITY
The security of your information is important to us. We use reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal Information under our control, both during the transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of firewalls and encryption. Although we make good faith efforts to maintain the security of such Personal Information, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that it will remain free from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. Further, while we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” or other unauthorized persons from illegally accessing or obtaining this information.
8. CONTACT PERSON ON PRIVACY ISSUES INCLUDING DATA DELETION REQUESTS
Requests for deletion of user data must also be submitted to
privacy@viafoura.com
.  Upon receiving requests, Viafoura will validate the user’s identity to ensure request is valid by verifying the identity with customer site they are visiting from.  Once confirmed, GDPR compliant deletion is performed within 30 days of receipt of request.
9. TRANSPARENCY AND CONSENT COMPLIANCE
Learn more about Audience Engagement, Development, & Insights
Check out the
Viafoura blog
to stay up to date with the latest news and trends in Audience Engagement, Development, & Insights.
Viafoura empowers publishers and brands to activate their audience. Our digital experience platform boosts engagement, drives registrations, and maximizes revenue — helping to create vibrant, loyal communities on owned and operated properties!
+1 800 711 4838
Contact Us
Community Building Suite
Resources
Company
© 2025 Viafoura.
Privacy Policy
|
Support
|
GDPR Compliance
twitter
facebook
linkedin
instagram
Solution
Community Building Suite
Engagement Starter
Conversations
Community Chat
Live Blogs
Mobile SDK
Ratings and Reviews
Personalization
Personalization Engine
Moderation
Content Moderation Solution
Data
Audience Insights
User Profiles
Our Customers
Use Cases
News Coverage
Sports Fan Engagement
Live Events
Immersive Social Experience
Blog
Resources
Events
Case Studies
News
Webinars
White Papers & Research
Release Notes
Pricing
About
About Us
Careers
Partners
Request a Demo
Login
English
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Português
Português
Español
Dansk
Nederlands
Suomi
Close Menu
Contact us today by filling out the form below or giving us a call at
Become a Technology Partner
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Contact us today by filling out the form below or giving us a call at
Become a Channel Partner
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Contact an audience engagement specialist today by filling out the form below or giving us a call at
Get started with Live Blog
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Contact an audience engagement specialist today by filling out the form below or giving us a call at
Get started with Community Chat
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
This package is only available to publishers with > 2 million monthly page views
Get started with Community Engagement
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Contact an audience engagement specialist today by filling our the form below or giving us a call at
Get started with Conversations
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Or give us a call at
1 800 711 4838
Contact an audience engagement specialist today by filling our the form below or giving us a call at
Get started with Viafoura
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Or give us a call at
1 800 711 4838
Contact an audience engagement specialist today by filling our the form below or giving us a call at
Get started with Community Chat
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Or give us a call at
1 800 711 4838
Contact an audience engagement specialist today by filling our the form below or giving us a call at
Get started with Viafoura Live Blogs
+1 800 711 4838
Ready to build a direct relationship your audience?
Contact an audience engagement specialist today
Or give us a call at
1 800 711 4838
Sub-policy 9
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 10
https://www.proweb.net/terms-and-conditions/proweb-privacy-statement:
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
Home
About
Portfolio
Meet the Team
Products & Services
Web Hosting
Web Design
Broadband
Domains
Hosted Exchange
Emails
Backup
AdBoss
Support
Support Home
Service Status
Threats
Broadband
Hosting
Email Config
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Proweb Privacy Statement
This privacy statement governs the manner in which Proweb (UK) Ltd (or "Proweb" or "We") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from members in provisioning web services including domain name registration, basic dns services, geo trust certificates, and other related internet services. Proweb reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement and its policies prospectively at any time, subject to applicable laws and regulations, by posting notice of such changes on its web sites.
Legal Basis for using Personal Data:
Proweb will only process Personal Data where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend upon the reason we collected and the needs to use the Personal Data. Under UK and EU data protection legislation in almost all cases the legal basis will be because:
Processing of the Personal Data is necessary to perform the contract to fulfil your request for services;
Processing of the Personal Data is necessary to support the creation of a contract with you as a new Reseller;
It is in Proweb’s legitimate interests as a provider of cloud services to process the Personal Data to operate and improve the Proweb Cloud Market and associated services;
Proweb processes the Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation;
You have consented to Proweb using the Personal Data for a particular purpose
If processing of your Personal Data is subject to any other laws then the basis of processing your data may be different to that set out above and may in those circumstances be based on your consent in all cases.
The Personal Information We Collect:
Proweb may collect personally identifiable information from members in a variety of ways, including online and offline subscription and order forms, paper or telephone submissions, and other instances where members are invited to volunteer such information. Additionally, contact information may be collected during any correspondence relating to member support, as well as in connection with products and services offered on Proweb sites. We collect your name, business name and type, address, phone number, email address and billing information. We only use your name, address and billing information to process your order and for customer support, required notifications, product and policy updates. Under no circumstances will we use this information for anything else not described in this privacy notice.
How long will we keep Personal Data:
Proweb will keep your Personal Data only for a long as we need it for the purpose it is being processed for. For example, if you subscribe for services, we will keep your Personal Data as long as you are an active subscriber to that service, and after that for a period which enables us to handle or respond to any complaints, queries or concerns relating to the service. We will also keep Personal Data as required to comply with any legal obligation.
We will actively review the Personal Data we hold and delete it securely, or in some cases anonymise it, when there is no legal, business or customer need to retain it.
Financial Information:
Whenever members apply for services or sign up for any other product or service through Proweb, we require financial information such as a billing details before we will process that application. We will not sell, share or rent any financial information collected except as disclosed in this policy or as necessary to fulfil orders. All credit card transactions are processed by a third party PCI compliant payment processor.
Protocol (IP) Addresses:
IP addresses are collected from all visitors to the Proweb Site. IP addresses are used to administer the daily operations of our site, to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to help prevent fraud.
Data Integrity:
We make diligent efforts to maintain accurate information on our members. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, Proweb has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Each new member email address is verified prior to receiving authorized passwords. ICANN mandated WhoIs verification notices are sent out annually for review to ensure accuracy.
Data Security:
Proweb has put stringent security procedures in place to protect information collected about our members. We constantly monitor our systems, which are protected using industry-standard security measures. Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") connections are used to communicate to our system to protect Member financial information as well as encrypting vital information that members input through Proweb's web sites. However, Proweb cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Data Access:
Member's may access all personal identifiable information that we collect and maintain by logging into their member account or contacting the customer support department,
support@proweb.net
. To protect privacy and security, Proweb reserves the right to take reasonable steps to verify Member identity prior to granting access or processing changes or corrections.
Cookies:
Proweb may use "cookie" technology in order to enhance our Members' online experience and for authentication purposes, associating them with your personally identifiable information. They are also used for measuring certain traffic patterns, and to preclude you from having to re-enter your user handle or password during multiple visits to the site. Additionally, cookies can track your progress in online promotions so you receive coupons that may be available to you. Cookies may also be used by advertising service vendors that place ads on our site and to authenticate access to additional services provided by Proweb at other web sites. Web browsers may be set to disable cookies, but please note that certain Proweb services may not function correctly if cookies are not enabled.
How Information is used:
Proweb will not market services offered by Proweb and its trusted affiliates, business partners, and independent contractors without your prior express consent. We may use anonymous information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and related marketing, advertising and sales efforts. Information will only be made publicly available where mandated by governing agencies or as disclosed in the terms and conditions of our agreements with members. We will not post any testimonials or comments made by our members without their explicit permission.
Electronic communications may be sent by Proweb using members' personal contact information to inform them of services announcements and upgrades in order to fulfil our service obligations.
Disclosure:
Information collected from Members will not be disclosed to independent contractors or business partners except in order to fulfil a specific service obligation. Proweb may disclose aggregated anonymous data based on information collected from Members to investors and partners. Additionally, domain names registered through Proweb will have certain information forwarded to the appropriate registry for the proper administration. In the event of the sale of Proweb's business, collected Member's information may be transferred along with the sale.
International data transfer:
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area.
We will only transfer Personal Data when satisfactory safeguards are in place.
Your rights:
You have the right to:
1. Request confirmation whether we hold your Personal Data and, if so, to access that Personal Data.
We will inform you of: the purposes for which the Personal Data is processed; the categories of the Personal Data processed; whether your Personal Data has been disclosed and the categories of recipient of the disclosure; whether your Personal Data has been transferred to another country or international organisation; the expected period for which the Personal Data will be stored. If we did not obtain the Personal Data directly from you, we will also inform you of the source.
We may withhold such Personal Data to the extent permitted by law.
2. Request correction of the Personal Data we hold.
3. Request erasure of your Personal Data, subject to any legal obligation to which we are subject or where the processing of the Personal Data is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. We will accept your request for erasure where we have a legal obligation so to do, acceptance of such a request is otherwise at our discretion. Please be aware that the erasure of your Personal Data may affect our ability to provide the website and the services associated with it to you and in some cases our acceptance of an erasure request may require your account to be closed.
4. Restrict processing of your Personal Data where you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data we hold, consider our processing to be unlawful, consider that we no longer need the Personal Data but it is required by you in relation to a legal claim or where you have objected to our processing in accordance with your legal rights, provided in each case that we shall only be required to apply such restriction where we have a legal obligation to do so and until the issue giving rise to the restriction is resolved.
5. Withdraw any consent that you have previously given to our processing of your Personal Data.
6. Receive the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and readable format, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
We may withhold such Personal Data if it adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others.
7. Object to the processing of your Personal Data, for example the use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Children:
We will never knowingly collect Personal Information from minors (children under 16 years of age, or any other age defined under applicable law). If we become aware that a minor is attempting to or has submitted Personal Information via this Site, we will notify the user that we will not accept his or her Personal Information. We will then remove any such Personal Information from our records.
Updating Information:
Please let us know if the Personal Data which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated. Failure to inform us of a change to your Personal Data may result in the suspension, or withdrawal, of your subscribed services.
Contact Information:
("ICANN"), the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, the organization which assumes responsibility for domain name allocation, requires accredited registrars to collect certain information about Members during the domain name registration process. This information includes Registrant's full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, facsimile number. This collected information may be used, for example, to communicate when necessary with respect to transactions conducted through the Site. Additionally, contact information may be collected during any correspondence relating to customer support, as well as in connection with products and services offered on the Site.
Miscellaneous Information:
Certain additional non-personal types of information are collected and stored whenever Members interact with us. This information is collected to better develop and offer those products and services which are most desired within our industry. For example, our servers track the page to which Members link from Proweb and the type of Web browser used. No personally identifiable information will be linked to this aggregated information, which may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis.
WHOIS Information:
ICANN requires Proweb as an accredited ICANN Registrar to make certain information, collected in connection with the registration of a domain name, available to the public. This information is made public via an interactive Web page and a "port 43" WHOIS service. This information includes
(i) the Registrant's full name and those of its Administrative Contact and Technical Contact,
(ii) their mailing addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and, where provided, facsimile numbers;
(iii) creation and expiration dates of domain name registrations; and
(iv) nameserver information associated with these domain names. This information is referred to collectively as "WHOIS Information." Please note this is publicly available information and Proweb may not be able to control how members of the public may use the WHOIS Information.
Bulk Access:
ICANN requires Proweb to make whois information available to third parties who enter into a bulk WHOIS data access agreement with Proweb. Whois information is all made available to the public through the "port 43" WHOIS service described above.
Protection of Proweb and Others:
Account and other personal information may be released when we are required to do so by law, court order, law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, including ICANN.
Sites Other Than Proweb:
We strongly recommend that Members review the privacy statement and policies of any online service prior to submitting personal information. Proweb has no control over and is not responsible for the gathering practices of other Web sites, including those to which we may link and those which may link to us.
Enforcement:
To better protect member privacy we closely monitor our privacy practices and privacy statements through in-house automated and manual procedures. For further protection there are independent recourse mechanisms available to investigate and resolve complaints, such as those provided by BBB Online or ICANN.
Questions and concerns about privacy at Proweb should be directed to:
dpo@proweb.net
.
Revisions or Changes: Regardless of later updates or changes to our privacy notice, we will never use the information you submit under our current privacy notice in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use.
How to Contact Us:
Should questions concerning this privacy policy arise, please send us an email at
dpo@proweb.net
. Please specify "Privacy Statement" in the subject line of this e-mail.
Proweb (UK) Ltd
Attention: Data Protection Officer
Rutland Suite
St James Business Park
Radcliffe on Trent
Nottingham
NG12 2JP
Sub-policy 11
https://www.donatispayments.co.uk/terms/privacy/:
Donatis Payments Limited Ltd process donations and handle disbursement of the funds to the charities and causes
        to which those donations are made. When you make a donation we store some of your personal data; this policy
        explains what data we collect, why we need it and what we do with it.
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of people who
        make a donation via our donation platform; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the
        processing of that personal data.
1.3 This policy
does not
cover data we process regarding visitors to our website; see our
        website privacy policy to find out about how we collect and process data from our website.
1.4 We use cookies to process donations. For more information about our cookie usage, see section 15
1.5 In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Donatis Payments Limited. For more information about us, see
        Section 15.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1 In this Section we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c) the legal bases of the processing.
2.2 We may process information relating to donations through our donation platform ("
donation
            data
"). The donation data may include your contact details and the donation details. The donation
        data may be processed for the purpose of processing the and keeping proper records of those transactions. The
        legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your
        request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our
        business.
2.3 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment,
        exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court
        procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion
        of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.4 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of
        obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis
        for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.5 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section, we
        may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal
        obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of
        another natural person.
2.6 Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1 At the end of the collection period, we may send a list of donors' details (each donor's name, postal address and email address) 
        and the total donated to the funeral director who placed the notice on funeral-notices.co.uk by email. We do not list the individual value of each
        donation.
3.2 If the donations are made to a registered charity, we send a detailed report to the charity by email listing
        each individual donor, the amount donated and if the donor has elected to add gift aid to their donation, we
        also include their billing and email addresses (which is required for the charity to claim gift aid).
3.3 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably
        necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining
        professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or
        in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.4 We may disclose donation data to other suppliers insofar as reasonably necessary to fulfil our
        obligations under the contract.
3.5 Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment services providers,
        Stripe. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the
        purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating
        to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies
        and practices at www.stripe.com.
3.6 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this section, we may disclose your
        personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject,
        or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also
        disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of
        legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1 In this Section, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be
        transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2 A number of subcontract organisations are used in the provision of services such as delivery of
        transactional emails relating to donations, backup, accounting and ongoing development of the donation
        platform.  These organisations may use servers situated in countries about which The European
        Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to their data protection laws. Transfers to each of
        these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses
        adopted or approved by the European Commission.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1 This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we
        comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for
        that purpose or those purposes.
5.3 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention
        is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital
        interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Security of personal data
6.1 We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent
        the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
6.2 We may store all your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure
        manual record-keeping systems.
6.3 Any data that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser,
        will be protected using encryption technology.
6.4 You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is
        inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
7. Amendments
7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
8. Your rights
8.1 In this Section, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights
        are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the
        relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
8.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do,
        access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes
        details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the
        personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of
        your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a
        reasonable fee.
8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the
        purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those
        circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were
        collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing
        under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the
        personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general
        exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and
        information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal
        claims.
8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those
        circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure;
        we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the
        establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the
        verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store
        your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment,
        exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for
        reasons of important public interest.
8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular
        situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary
        for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority
        vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an
        objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate
        grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the
        establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including
        profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal
        data for this purpose.
8.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research
        purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is
        necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take
        steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us
        in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would
        adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a
        legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in
        the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the
        right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the
        withdrawal.
8.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us or by email,
        in addition to the other methods specified in this Section.
9. Personal data of children
9.1 Our website is targeted at persons over the age of 18.
9.2 If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will
        delete that personal data.
10. Updating information
10.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
11. About cookies
11.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server
        to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the
        browser requests a page from the server.
11.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web
        browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a
        session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
11.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information
        that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
12. Cookies that we use
12.1 We use cookies for some or all of the following purposes:
(a) analysis â€“ cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our donation platform; and
(b) cookies that are essential for the secure processing of the donation transaction.
13. Cookies used by our service providers
13.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our
        website.
13.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about
        website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports
        about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
13.3 We use Stripe to process card transactions.  More details about how Stripe use cookies can be
        found at https://stripe.com/gb/privacy.
14. Managing cookies
14.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary
        from browser to browser, and from version to version. Most browsers provide information about managing cookies
        via a â€˜Help' menu item.
14.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
14.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use our donation service.
15. Our details
15.1 This donation service is operated by Donatis Payments Limited.
15.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 12064878, and our registered office is at
        2a Zodiac House Calleva Park, Aldermaston.
15.3 Our principal place of business is at 2a Zodiac House Calleva Park, Aldermaston.
15.4 You can contact us:
(a) by post, to the postal address given above;
(b) using our website contact form;
(c) by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
(d) by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
Sub-policy 12
https://www.oracle.com/uk/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html:
Skip to content
Click to view our accessibility policy
Products
Industries
Resources
Customers
Partners
Developers
Company
Close Search
Search Oracle.com
QUICK LINKS
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications
Oracle Database
Download Java
Careers at Oracle
Search
Country
Close
Would you like to visit an Oracle country site closer to you?
Visit Oracle
                                    Ireland
No thanks, I'll stay here
See this page for a different country/region
View Accounts
Back
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Free Cloud Tier
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Contact Us
Menu
Menu
Oracle United Kingdom
Oracle Legal
Privacy @ Oracle
Privacy Policies
Overview
General
Services
Recruiting
Customer
Oracle Life Sciences Healthcare Research
Restaurants eStore
Dyn
Advertising
Terms of Use
Copyright
Trademarks
Logos
Law Enforcement Requests Report
Modern Slavery
More
Overview
General
Services
Recruiting
Customer
Oracle Life Sciences Healthcare Research
Restaurants eStore
Dyn
Advertising
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business:
The
Oracle General Privacy Policy
addresses information we collect in connection with your use of Oracle websites, mobile applications, and social media pages that link to the General Privacy Policy, your interactions with Oracle during in-person meetings at Oracle facilities or at Oracle events, and in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.
The
Services Privacy Policy
describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-)users of these services with Oracle systems and networks.
The
Customer Data Research and Development Privacy Policy
describes Oracle’s processing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s artificial intelligence and machine learning activities in order to analyze, develop, and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes.
The
Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy
addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle’s online and offline recruiting efforts.
The
Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy
addresses how Oracle facilitates the collection and use of marketing and interest-based information to help enable interest-based advertising by our Oracle Advertising customers.
The
Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy
provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn’s Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons.
The
Oracle Life Sciences Healthcare Research Privacy Policy
addresses the processing of  personal information by Oracle Life Sciences to facilitate Oracle health research activities.
Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. If you would like to exercise your rights, please refer to the applicable privacy policy above or visit the
Privacy Choices
tab for more information.
Sub-policy 13
https://www.yotpo.com/privacy-policy/:
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date
:  February 6, 2024
Yotpo Ltd. (together with its affiliates companies – “
Yotpo
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) puts great efforts in making sure that personal data processed by us is safe and used properly, and that our data practices are properly communicated to our Clients, Users and Prospects.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use, and disclose the following types of personal data:
Client-Owned Data
: data relating to identified or identifiable individuals that we collect, process and manage on our Clients’ behalf, as part of the Yotpo eCommerce marketing platform (“
Platform
”). Such data (“
Client-Owned Data
”) relates to individuals who register as end-users, place purchases on, or otherwise interact with our Clients’ online stores, and to their interactions with our Services;
Yotpo User Data
: contact, contractual and billing details concerning our Clients, which may also contain the details of their internal focal persons who directly engage with Yotpo concerning their organizational account, and users of the Platform on behalf of such Clients, e.g., the account administrators and users, billing contacts and authorized signatories on behalf of the Client; as well as the Client’s needs and preferences, as identified to us or recognized through our engagement with them (“
Users
” and “
User Data
” as relevant);
Yotpo Prospect Data
: data relating to our Clients, visitors of our website (
https://www.yotpo.com/
), participants at our events, and any other prospective client or partner who visits or otherwise interacts with any of our websites, online ads and content, emails or communications under our control (“
Sites
” and collectively with the Platform, the “
Services
”) (“
Prospect
” and “
Prospect Data
” as relevant);
Specifically, this Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding:
Data Collection & Processing
Data Uses
Data Location
Data Retention
Data Disclosure
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Communications
Data Security
Data Subject Rights
Data Controller/Processor
Additional Notice & Contact Details
If you are our Client, User, or Prospect (“you”), please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you fully understand and agree to it. If you are a Client, please also review the Terms of Service, which governs your use of the Services.
You are not legally required to provide us with any personal data, and may do so (or avoid doing so) at your own free will. If you do not wish to provide us with your personal data, or to have it processed by us or any of our Service Providers (defined below), please avoid any interaction with us including visiting our Sites or using our Services. If you are a User of the Services on behalf of any of our Clients, we suggest that you contact your account administrator with any questions.
1. Data Collection & Processing
(i) Client-Owned Data
: Our Services provide our Clients with a wide variety of tools and features to better manage and optimize their end-users’ experience and interaction with the Client’s online assets.
Certain privacy and data protection laws require that prior to processing personal data, a legal basis for such processing be established. Accordingly, while Yotpo supports these laws by providing our Clients with features and options for how they use our Services –
our Client is solely responsible for determining whether and how they wish to use our Services and such features, and to ensure that the appropriate legal basis for the processing of Client-Owned Data has been established by the Client, prior to having such data processed through the Services
.
Yotpo processes Client-Owned Data, and the personal data contained in it,
strictly on our Client’s behalf
, in accordance with their reasonable instructions and as further stipulated in our
Data Processing Addendum
and other commercial agreements with such Client.
Accordingly, to the extent applicable by law,
our Client will be deemed the ‘data controller’
(e.g. under the EU GDPR, UK GDPR and similar laws)
or ‘business’
(under the CCPA/CPRA or similar laws) of Client-Owned Data; and Yotpo will be deemed the ‘
data processor
’ or ‘
service provider
’ when processing such data, as further described in
Section 10
below.
(ii) Yotpo User Data
: User Data we collect and generate, includes some or all of the following types of personal data:
User account information
(e-mail address and, when applicable, hashed password);
profile and contact information
(name, title, team, company, e-mail and phone number, and additional information submitted by a Client or a User);
Platform usage information
(connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data, such as user agent, IP addresses, device data (like type, OS, device id, browser version, locale and language settings used), activity logs, session recordings, and the cookies installed or utilized on their device); and
direct interactions and communications with us
– (including recordings and transcripts of your calls and emails with us, e.g. for user enablement, support, and training purposes).
While Yotpo may process some User Data on its Clients’ behalf, as its ‘data processor’ or ‘service provider’ we also use it for our own purposes, (as described in
Section 2
below) as an independent and separate ‘data controller’ or ‘business’ (as further described in
Section 10
below).
(iii) Yotpo Prospect Data
: We collect and generate the following types of personal data concerning our Clients and Prospects:
Website usage information
(connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data, such as user agent, IP addresses, device data (like type, OS, device id, browser version, locale and language settings used), activity logs, session recordings, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on their device;
Information concerning our Clients and Prospects
(contact and business details, our communications with such Clients and Prospects, as well as any needs, preferences, attributes, and insights relevant to our potential engagement);
direct interactions and communications with us
(including recordings and transcripts of your calls, emails, form submissions and interactions with us via our website chat feature, e.g. for Client support, feedback, training purposes, etc.)
We collect such data either automatically, through the data subject’s interaction with us or with our Sites or Services; or through third-party services, social media, analytics tools, events we organize or participate in, and other business initiatives.
For the purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), specifically in the last twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: Identifiers; Commercial Information; Customer Record Information; Internet or other electronic network activity information; Geolocation Data; Audio, Electronic, or Similar Information; and Inferences. Yotpo does not collect sensitive personal information.
2. Data Uses
We use personal data for the following purposes and in reliance on the lawful bases noted in the chart below:
User Data
Purpose
Legal basis for processing
To facilitate, operate, and provide our Service.
▪  Legitimate Interest
▪  Performance of a Contract
To authenticate the identity of our Users, and to allow them to access our Service.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Performance of a Contract
To provide our Users with assistance and support.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Performance of a Contract
To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Service.
▪   Legitimate Interest
User & Prospect Data
To gain a better understanding on how individuals use and interact with our Sites and Services, and how we could improve their and others’ user experience, and continue improving our products, offerings and the overall performance of our Services.
▪   Consent (where applicable)
▪   Legitimate Interest
To facilitate and optimize our marketing campaigns, ad management and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our products and services more effectively, including on other websites and applications. Such activities allow us to highlight the benefits of using our Services, and thereby increase Client’s engagement and overall satisfaction with our Services. This includes contextual, behavioral and interests-based advertising based on Client’s activity, preferences or other data available to us or to our business partners.
▪   Legitimate Interest
To provide our Prospects with assistance and support.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Performance of a Contract
To explore and pursue growth opportunities by facilitating a stronger local presence and tailored experiences.
▪   Legitimate Interest
To contact our Prospects (whether existing or prospective) with general or personalized service-related messages, as well as promotional messages that may be of specific interest to them.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Consent
To facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events, contests and promotions.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Consent
To publish your feedback and submissions to our Sites, public forums and blogs.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Consent
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating the risks of fraud, error or any illegal or prohibited activity.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Performance of a Contract
To create aggregated data, inferred non-personal data or anonymized or pseudonymized data (de-identified data), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services, conduct research, or for any other purpose.
▪   Legitimate Interest
▪   Performance of a Contract
▪   Compliance with legal obligations
To comply with applicable laws and regulations.
▪   Compliance with legal obligations
3. Data Location
We and our authorized Service Providers (defined below) maintain, store and process personal data in the United States of America, Israel, the United Kingdom, European Union, Australia, the Philippines, and other locations, as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and delivery of our Services, or as may be required by law; provided that
Client-Owned Data
may only be processed in such locations as permitted in our
Data Processing Addendum
and other commercial agreements with such Client.
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Yotpo and its affiliates and Service Providers are committed to protect personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and customary industry standards, and such appropriate lawful mechanisms and contractual terms requiring adequate data protection, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in the jurisdiction to which such data is transferred.
Yotpo Ltd. is headquartered in Israel, and Yotpo UK Limited is established in the UK. Both jurisdictions are considered by the European Commission, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), and the UK Secretary of State to be offering an adequate level of protection for the personal data of residents of the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. We transfer personal data from the EEA, Switzerland and the UK to Israel on this basis. For data transfers from the EU, Switzerland or the UK to countries which are not considered to be offering an adequate level of data protection, we and the relevant data exporters and importers have entered into Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission, FDPIC and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can request a copy of the applicable SCCs by contacting us as indicated in
Section 11
below.
Yotpo Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and will be further liable in cases of onward transfers of your personal data to third parties (including our Service Providers).
Yotpo Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Yotpo Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern for personal data transferred under the DPF. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
4. Data Retention
We retain
Client-Owned Data
strictly on our Client’s behalf, in accordance with their reasonable instructions and as further stipulated in our
Data Processing Addendum
and other commercial agreements with such Client.
We retain
User Data
and
Prospect Data
for as long as it is reasonably necessary to maintain and expand our relationship and provide you with our Services and offerings; to comply with our legal and contractual obligations; or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (i.e. as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, records and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), all in accordance with our data retention policy. Please note that except as required by applicable law or our specific agreements with you, we will not be obligated to retain your personal data for any particular period, and we are free to securely delete it or restrict access to it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and the applicable legal requirements.
If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@yotpo.com
.
5. Data Disclosure
Legal Compliance
: In exceptional circumstances, and except as stipulated otherwise in our
Data Processing Addendum
and other commercial agreements with you, we may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: (a) we are legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or (c) such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or integrity of our products and services.
Service Providers
: We may engage selected third-party companies and individuals to perform services complementary to our own. Such service providers include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, fraud detection and prevention services, web and mobile analytics, data enrichment, e-mail and/or SMS distribution and monitoring services, call, session or activity recording and analysis services, remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, social and advertising networks, content providers, e-mail, voicemails, support and customer relation management systems, and our legal, financial and compliance advisors (collectively, “
Service Providers
“).
These Service Providers may have access to your personal data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such limited purposes as determined in our agreements with them.
Partnerships
: We engage selected business and channel partners, resellers, distributors and providers (
collectively, “Partners”)
of professional services related to our Services, which allow us to explore and pursue growth opportunities by facilitating a stronger local presence and tailored experiences for our prospective and existing Clients and Users. In such instances, we may
disclose
relevant contact, business and usage details with the respective Partner, to allow them to engage with those Clients and Users for such purposes. If you directly engage with any of our Partners, please note that any aspect of that engagement which is not directly related to the Services and directed by Yotpo is beyond the scope of Yotpo’s Terms and Privacy Policy,  and may therefore be governed by the partner’s terms and privacy policy.
Event Sponsors
:
If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our Sites related to such an event, webinar or other activity involving third-party sponsors or presenters, we may
disclose
your personal data with them. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such
disclosure
via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your personal data will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your personal data to be
disclosed
, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with
Section
‎
9
below.
Clients and other Users
:
Client-Owned Data
is typically disclosed and is available to the Users belonging to such Client’s account.
Yotpo User Data
is disclosed to the administrator of the Client’s account to which such User belongs (including data and communications concerning such user’s account). In such cases, disclosure of such data means that the administrator(s) or other users of the same account may access it on behalf of the Client, and will be able to monitor, process and analyze the personal data contained therein. This includes instances where you may contact us for help in resolving an issue specific to a team of which you are a member (and which is managed by the same Client).
Please note that Yotpo is not responsible for and does not control any further disclosure, use or monitoring by or on behalf of the Client, that itself acts as the ‘data controller’ of such data (as further described in
Section 10
below).
Protecting Rights and Safety
: We may disclose personal data with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Yotpo, any of our Users or Clients, or any members of the general public.
Yotpo
Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
: We may disclose personal data internally within our group, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Yotpo or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates undergo any change in control or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all or part of its assets, personal data may be disclosed or transferred to the parties involved in such an event. If we believe that such a change in control might materially affect your personal data then stored with us, we will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail or a prominent notice on our Services.
For the avoidance of doubt, Yotpo may disclose User Data and Prospect Data in additional manners, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal, non-identifiable and anonymous. We may transfer, disclose or otherwise use non-personal and non-identifiable data at our sole discretion and without the need for further approval.
For the purpose of the CCPA, in the last 12 months, we may have disclosed Identifiers; Internet or other electronic network activity information; Geolocation Data; Commercial Information; Customer Record Information; Audio, Electronic or Similar Information; and Inferences for legal compliance, to Service Providers, to Clients and other Users, for protecting rights and safety and to Yotpo Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies. We may have disclosed Identifiers; Internet or other electronic network activity information; Geolocation Data; Customer Record Information; Commercial Information; and Inferences with Partners and Event Sponsors.
6. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We and our Service Providers use cookies, pixels, tags and other technologies in order for us to provide and monitor our Services and Sites, to ensure that they perform properly, to analyze our performance and marketing activities, and to personalize your experience. Such cookies and similar files or tags may also be temporarily placed on your device. Certain cookies and other technologies serve to recall personal data, such as an IP address, as indicated by you. To learn more about our practices concerning cookies and tracking, please see our
Cookie Policy
. You may also use the “Cookie Settings” feature available in our footer depending on your location and activity on our Services, as applicable.
7. Communications
We engage in service and promotional communications, through e-mail, phone, SMS and notifications.
Service Communications
: We may contact you with information regarding our Services. For example, we may send you notifications (through any means available to us) of changes or updates to our Services or legal terms, billing issues, log-in attempts or password reset notices, etc. Our Clients, and other Users on the same Client account, may also send you notifications, messages and other updates regarding their or your use of the Services.
Promotional Communications
: We may also notify you about new features, additional offerings, events, special opportunities or any other information of a promotional nature we think you will find valuable, as our Client, User or Prospect. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g. phone, mobile or e-mail), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms.
You can typically control your communications and notifications settings from your Yotpo user profile settings, or otherwise in accordance with the instructions included in the communications sent to you. Please note that you will not be able to opt-out of receiving certain service communications which are integral to your use (like password resets or billing notices). If you do not wish to receive promotional communications, you may notify us at any time by sending an e-mail to:
privacy@yotpo.com
, changing your communications preferences in your user profile settings, or by following the “unsubscribe”, “stop”, “opt-out” or “change e-mail preferences” instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive.
8. Data Security
To protect your personal data held with us, we use industry-standard physical, procedural and technical security measures, including encryption as appropriate. However, please be aware that regardless of any security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of any personal data stored with us or with any third parties as described in
Section 5
above. To learn more, please visit our
Security page
.
9. Data Subject Rights
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data under applicable law, including the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), or the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA).
Such rights may include, to the extent applicable: (i) to know/request access to personal data (specific pieces of personal data collected; categories of personal data collected; categories of sources from whom the personal data was collected; purpose of collecting personal data; categories of third-parties to whom we have disclosed personal data), (ii)  to request rectification or erasure of personal data held with Yotpo, (iii) to restrict or object to such personal data’s processing (including the right to direct us not to sell your personal data to third parties now or in the future), (iv)  to port such personal data, or (v) to equal services and prices (each to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you).  To exercise any of these rights you may have, please contact us by e-mail at:
privacy@yotpo.com
.
You may also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Please note that when you ask us to exercise any of your rights under this policy or applicable law, we may need to ask you to provide certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim you are (to avoid disclosure to you of personal data related to others) and to provide further information to better understand the nature and scope of data for which you request access. Such additional data will be then retained by us for legal purposes (e.g. as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request, or proof of request fulfillment).
We may redact from the data that we will make available to you, any personal data or confidential information related to others.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension of the EU-U.S. DPP and the Swiss-U.S. DPF  Principles, Yotpo Inc. commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. EEA, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Data Privacy Framework compliance should submit inquiries to
dpo@yotpo.com
. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related compliant from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related compliant to your satisfaction, Yotpo Inc. has further committed to cooperate with EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner Office (UK ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) to independently address complaints that we have been unable to resolve.
Please note that under certain conditions (as described under the DPF Principles Yotpo adheres to) you can invoke a binding arbitration by delivering a notice to Yotpo Inc. via
dpo@yotpo.com
. Please also note that Yotpo Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
If your request relates to personal data that we process on our Client’s behalf (i.e. Customer Data), you should contact such Client directly
, as they are the “data controller” of such data (see
Section 10
below). Note that such Client exclusively determines how such data may be processed, as well as if, and how, your request should be handled – so we advise that you submit your request directly to them. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information that enables us to reasonably verify that you are the individual about whom we collected the personal data, and if such data is processed on behalf of any of our Clients – to which Client it particularly relates, so that we may forward it to them for their further handling.
10. Data Controller/Processor
Certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU GDPR, UK GDPR or the CCPA/CPRA, typically distinguish between two main roles for parties processing personal data: the “
data controller
” (or under the CCPA/CPRA, “
business
”), who determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “
data processor
” (or under the CCPA/CPRA, “
service provider
”), who processes the data on behalf of the data controller (or business). Below we explain how these roles apply to our Services, to the extent such laws and regulations apply.
Yotpo is the “data controller” of Yotpo Prospect Data
. With respect to such data, we assume the responsibilities of data controller (solely to the extent applicable under law) as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In such instances, our Service Providers processing such data will assume the role of “data processor”.
Yotpo is the “data processor” of Client-Owned Data
, which we process on behalf of our Client (who is the “data controller” of such data); and our Service Providers, who process such Client-Owned Data on our behalf, are the “
sub-processors
” of such data.
Yotpo is both a “data controller” and “data processor” of Yotpo User Data
. Such data is processed by Yotpo for its own purposes (as described in
Section 2
above) as an independent ‘controller’; while certain portions of it which are included in
Client-Owned Data
are processed by us on our Client’s behalf, as a ‘processor’.
Accordingly, Yotpo processes
Client-Owned Data
strictly in accordance with such Client’s reasonable instructions and as further stipulated in our
Data Processing Addendum
and other commercial agreements with such Client. The Client, as controller of such data, will be responsible for meeting any legal requirements applicable to data controllers (such as establishing a legal basis for processing and responding to Data Subject Rights requests concerning the data they control).
For the avoidance of doubt, each Client is solely responsible for establishing a legal basis for proceeding and providing adequate notice to their account users and clients whose data may be contained in Client-Owned Data (including sufficient reference to the processing of their personal data via the Services), and any other information necessary to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws; as well as for obtaining all approvals and consents from such individuals as required under such laws.
11. Additional Notices
Updates and Amendments
: We may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our Services. The amended version will be effective as of the date it is published. We will provide prior notice if we believe any substantial changes are involved via any of the communication means available to us or via the Services. After such notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you.
Requirements under US State Privacy Laws:
This policy describes the categories of personal information we may collect and the sources of such information (in
Section
‎
1
above), and our retention (
Section
‎
4
) and deletion (
Section
‎
9
) practices. We also included information about how we may process your information (in Sections
‎
2 through
‎
7), which includes for “business purposes” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)/California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) and similar state laws, as applicable. Our disclosure of certain internet activity and device information with third parties through cookies, pixels and other tracking technologies is considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, or processing for purposes of “targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under relevant US State Privacy laws, for more information please visit our
Cookie Policy
. We may disclose personal data to third parties or allow them to collect personal data from our Services as described in
Section
‎
5
above, if those third parties are our customers (in respect of Client-Owned Data processed on their behalf), or our authorized Service Providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such personal data, or if you integrate the services of third parties with our Services, or direct us to disclose your personal data to third parties, or as otherwise described in
Section 5
above. You may also designate an authorized agent, in writing or through a power of attorney, to request to exercise your privacy rights on your behalf. The authorized agent may submit a request to exercise these rights by emailing us. Note that we will not discriminate against you by withholding our Services from you or providing a lower quality of service to you for requesting to exercise your rights under the law.
If you have any questions or would like to exercise your rights under the CCPA/CPRA, you can contact
privacy@yotpo.com
or our DPO at
dpo@yotpo.com
.
External Links
: While our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to pay attention when you leave our Services for the website or application of such third parties, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website and service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services.
Nothing in this policy contradicts the following statement:
with respect to Yotpo’s products, Yotpo does not collect, retain or disclose any data regarding a particular user or device (including IP addresses and user identifiers) on sites or apps not owned by Yotpo except through the p.yotpo.com subdomain, which supports the functional and analytic capabilities of our products.
Our Services are not designed to attract children under the age of 16
: We do not knowingly collect personal data from children and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a person under the age of 16 is using the Services, we will attempt to prohibit and block such use and will make our best efforts to promptly delete any personal data stored with us with regard to such child. If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@yotpo.com
.
Data Protection Officer
: Yotpo has appointed PrivacyTeam Ltd. as our Data Protection Officer, for monitoring and advising on Yotpo’s ongoing privacy compliance and serving as a point of contact on privacy matters for data subjects and supervisory authorities. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, if you have any concerns regarding your Privacy or if you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Yotpo, you can contact
privacy@yotpo.com
or our DPO at
dpo@yotpo.com
.
EU Representative
: SMSBump Ltd., a Yotpo company situated in Bulgaria, has been designated as Yotpo’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR. SMSBump may be contacted on matters related to the processing of personal data of individuals in the EU. To make such an inquiry, please send an email to
privacy@yotpo.com
.
UK Representative
: Yotpo UK Limited has been designated as Yotpo’s representative in the United Kingdom for data protection matters pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR. Yotpo UK may be contacted only on matters related to the processing of personal data of individuals in the UK. To make such an inquiry, please send an email to
privacy@yotpo.com
.
Questions, concerns or complaints
: If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you have any concerns regarding your personal data held with us, please contact us at:
privacy@yotpo.com
.
30 min demo
Don't postpone your growth
Fill out the form today and discover how Yotpo can elevate your retention game in a quick demo.
Please enter a valid email,
such as email@example.com
Please enter your full name
Please enter a valid domain,
such as example.com
353
Afghanistan +93
Albania +355
Algeria +213
Andorra +376
Angola +244
Antigua and Barbuda +1268
Argentina +54
Armenia +374
Australia +61
Austria +43
Azerbaijan +994
Bahamas +1242
Bahrain +973
Bangladesh +880
Barbados +1246
Belarus +375
Belgium +32
Belize +501
Benin +229
Bermuda +1441
Bhutan +975
Bolivia +591
Bosnia and Herzegovina +387
Botswana +267
Brazil +55
British Virgin Islands +1284
Brunei +673
Bulgaria +359
Burkina Faso +226
Burundi +257
Cambodia +855
Cameroon +237
Cape Verde +238
Cayman Islands +1345
Central African Republic +236
Chad +235
Chile +56
China +86
Colombia +57
Costa Rica +506
Croatia +385
Cuba +53
Curacao +599
Cyprus +357
Czech Republic +420
Democratic Republic of the Congo +243
Denmark +45
Djibouti +253
Dominica +1767
Dominican Republic +1809
Dominican Republic +1829
Dominican Republic +1849
East Timor +670
Ecuador +593
Egypt +20
El Salvador +503
Equatorial Guinea +240
Eritrea +291
Estonia +372
Ethiopia +251
Fiji +679
Finland +358
France +33
French Polynesia +689
Gabon +241
Gambia +220
Georgia +995
Germany +49
Ghana +233
Gibraltar +350
Greece +30
Greenland +299
Grenada +1473
Guatemala +502
Guinea +224
Guinea-Bissau +245
Guyana +592
Haiti +509
Honduras +504
Hong Kong +852
Hungary +36
Iceland +354
India +91
Indonesia +62
Iran +98
Iraq +964
Ireland +353
Israel +972
Italy +39
Ivory Coast +225
Jamaica +1876
Japan +81
Jordan +962
Kenya +254
Kiribati +686
Kosovo +383
Kuwait +965
Kyrgyzstan +996
Laos +856
Latvia +371
Lebanon +961
Lesotho +266
Liberia +231
Libya +218
Liechtenstein +423
Lithuania +370
Luxembourg +352
Macedonia +389
Madagascar +261
Malawi +265
Malaysia +60
Maldives +960
Mali +223
Malta +356
Marshall Islands +692
Mauritania +222
Mauritius +230
Mexico +52
Micronesia +691
Moldova +373
Monaco +377
Mongolia +976
Montenegro +382
Morocco +212
Mozambique +258
Myanmar +95
Namibia +264
Nauru +674
Nepal +977
Netherlands +31
New Zealand +64
Nicaragua +505
Niger +227
Nigeria +234
North Korea +850
Norway +47
Oman +968
Pakistan +92
Palau +680
Palestine +970
Panama +507
Papua New Guinea +675
Paraguay +595
Peru +51
Philippines +63
Poland +48
Portugal +351
Puerto Rico +1787
Puerto Rico +1939
Qatar +974
Republic of the Congo +242
Romania +40
Russia +7
Rwanda +250
Samoa +685
Sao Tome and Principe +239
Saudi Arabia +966
Senegal +221
Serbia +381
Seychelles +248
Sierra Leone +232
Singapore +65
Slovakia +421
Slovenia +386
Solomon Islands +677
Somalia +252
South Africa +27
South Korea +82
South Sudan +211
Spain +34
Sri Lanka +94
Sudan +249
Suriname +597
Swaziland +268
Sweden +46
Switzerland +41
Syria +963
Taiwan +886
Tajikistan +992
Tanzania +255
Thailand +66
Togo +228
Tonga +676
Trinidad and Tobago +1868
Tunisia +216
Turkey +90
Turkmenistan +993
Tuvalu +688
U.S. Virgin Islands +1340
Uganda +256
Ukraine +380
United Arab Emirates +971
United Kingdom +44
United States +1
Uruguay +598
Uzbekistan +998
Venezuela +58
Vietnam +84
Yemen +967
Zambia +260
Zimbabwe +263
Country code*
Afghanistan +93
Albania +355
Algeria +213
Andorra +376
Angola +244
Antigua and Barbuda +1268
Argentina +54
Armenia +374
Australia +61
Austria +43
Azerbaijan +994
Bahamas +1242
Bahrain +973
Bangladesh +880
Barbados +1246
Belarus +375
Belgium +32
Belize +501
Benin +229
Bermuda +1441
Bhutan +975
Bolivia +591
Bosnia and Herzegovina +387
Botswana +267
Brazil +55
British Virgin Islands +1284
Brunei +673
Bulgaria +359
Burkina Faso +226
Burundi +257
Cambodia +855
Cameroon +237
Cape Verde +238
Cayman Islands +1345
Central African Republic +236
Chad +235
Chile +56
China +86
Colombia +57
Costa Rica +506
Croatia +385
Cuba +53
Curacao +599
Cyprus +357
Czech Republic +420
Democratic Republic of the Congo +243
Denmark +45
Djibouti +253
Dominica +1767
Dominican Republic +1809
Dominican Republic +1829
Dominican Republic +1849
East Timor +670
Ecuador +593
Egypt +20
El Salvador +503
Equatorial Guinea +240
Eritrea +291
Estonia +372
Ethiopia +251
Fiji +679
Finland +358
France +33
French Polynesia +689
Gabon +241
Gambia +220
Georgia +995
Germany +49
Ghana +233
Gibraltar +350
Greece +30
Greenland +299
Grenada +1473
Guatemala +502
Guinea +224
Guinea-Bissau +245
Guyana +592
Haiti +509
Honduras +504
Hong Kong +852
Hungary +36
Iceland +354
India +91
Indonesia +62
Iran +98
Iraq +964
Ireland +353
Israel +972
Italy +39
Ivory Coast +225
Jamaica +1876
Japan +81
Jordan +962
Kenya +254
Kiribati +686
Kosovo +383
Kuwait +965
Kyrgyzstan +996
Laos +856
Latvia +371
Lebanon +961
Lesotho +266
Liberia +231
Libya +218
Liechtenstein +423
Lithuania +370
Luxembourg +352
Macedonia +389
Madagascar +261
Malawi +265
Malaysia +60
Maldives +960
Mali +223
Malta +356
Marshall Islands +692
Mauritania +222
Mauritius +230
Mexico +52
Micronesia +691
Moldova +373
Monaco +377
Mongolia +976
Montenegro +382
Morocco +212
Mozambique +258
Myanmar +95
Namibia +264
Nauru +674
Nepal +977
Netherlands +31
New Zealand +64
Nicaragua +505
Niger +227
Nigeria +234
North Korea +850
Norway +47
Oman +968
Pakistan +92
Palau +680
Palestine +970
Panama +507
Papua New Guinea +675
Paraguay +595
Peru +51
Philippines +63
Poland +48
Portugal +351
Puerto Rico +1787
Puerto Rico +1939
Qatar +974
Republic of the Congo +242
Romania +40
Russia +7
Rwanda +250
Samoa +685
Sao Tome and Principe +239
Saudi Arabia +966
Senegal +221
Serbia +381
Seychelles +248
Sierra Leone +232
Singapore +65
Slovakia +421
Slovenia +386
Solomon Islands +677
Somalia +252
South Africa +27
South Korea +82
South Sudan +211
Spain +34
Sri Lanka +94
Sudan +249
Suriname +597
Swaziland +268
Sweden +46
Switzerland +41
Syria +963
Taiwan +886
Tajikistan +992
Tanzania +255
Thailand +66
Togo +228
Tonga +676
Trinidad and Tobago +1868
Tunisia +216
Turkey +90
Turkmenistan +993
Tuvalu +688
U.S. Virgin Islands +1340
Uganda +256
Ukraine +380
United Arab Emirates +971
United Kingdom +44
United States +1
Uruguay +598
Uzbekistan +998
Venezuela +58
Vietnam +84
Yemen +967
Zambia +260
Zimbabwe +263
Must be a phone number.
503-555-1212
Monthly orders*
0-400
400-1000
1000-3000
3000-10000
10000-15000
15000-20000
20000+
Pre-launch
I'm an agency
Monthly orders*
0-400
400-1000
1000-3000
3000-10000
10000-15000
15000-20000
20000+
Pre-launch
I'm an agency
E-commerce platform*
Shopify
BigCommerce
Adobe Commerce (Magento)
Salesforce Commerce Cloud
WooCommerce
Platform not listed
Custom build website
E-commerce platform*
Shopify
BigCommerce
Adobe Commerce (Magento)
Salesforce Commerce Cloud
WooCommerce
Platform not listed
Custom build website
Which Yotpo products are you exploring?
*
SMS
Reviews & UGC
Loyalty & Referrals
Email
Form_Category
Form_Name
Test Version
Please keep me updated with news and promotions from Yotpo
Country/Region
This will take just a moment…
We're finding the right person on our team to help your brand!
“Yotpo is a fundamental part of our recommended tech stack.”
Laura Doonin,
Commercial Director
YOTPO POWERS THE WORLD'S FASTEST-GROWING BRANDS
30 min demo
Don't postpone your growth
Join a free demo, personalized to fit your needs
Get the best pricing plan to maximize your growth
See how Yotpo's multi-solutions can boost sales
Watch our platform in action & the impact it makes
30K+
Growing brands trust Yotpo
About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customise content and advertisements.
Learn more
Cookie settings
Allow all cookies
Sub-policy 14
https://www.klevu.com/privacy-policy/:
Get A Demo
Solutions
Capabilities
Integrations
Pricing
Resources
Partners
Support
Klevu and Searchspring Join Forces to Launch
Athos Commerce
Improve your ecommerce insights with Klevu+GA4 integration.
Join our webinar
Klevu and Searchspring Join Forces to Launch
Athos Commerce
Improve your ecommerce insights with Klevu+GA4 integration.
Join our webinar
Home
Privacy Policy
Magento AI Product Discovery
Magento AI Search
Magento AI Recommendations
Magento AI Merchandising
Privacy Policy
Table of contents
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
6. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
7. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
13. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
Updated: 12/02/2025
This privacy notice for Klevu Oy (‘
Company
‘, ‘
we
‘, ‘
us
‘, or ‘
our
‘,), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share (‘
process
‘) your information when you use our services (‘
Services
‘), such as when you:
Visit our business website at
https://www.klevu.com
/*, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at contact@klevu.com.
For details of how we use personal data for our Product Discovery Suite please view our
GDPR information
and
Terms of Service
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with Klevu Oy and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Click
here
to learn more.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we receive any information from third parties?
We may receive information from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources. Click
here
to learn more.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Click
here
to learn more.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Click
here
to learn more.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have organisational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Click
here
to learn more.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Click
here
to learn more.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by filling out our data subject request form available
here
, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what Klevu Oy does with any information we collect? Click
here
to review the notice in full.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
names
phone numbers
email addresses
mailing addresses
job titles
usernames
passwords
contact preferences
contact or authentication data
billing addresses
website url
business name
business address
Sensitive Information.
We do not process sensitive information.
Payment Data.
We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Stripe and PayPal. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
and
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’), and hardware settings).
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
Location Data.
We collect location data such as information about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
Information collected from other sources
In Short:
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, and from other third parties. This information includes mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behaviour data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs, and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.
We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may process your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.
To send administrative information to you.
We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may process your information if you choose to use any of our offerings that allow for communication with another user.
To request feedback.
We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We may process the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing emails at any time. For more information, see ‘
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
‘ below).
To deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may process your information to develop and display personalised content and advertising tailored to your interests, location, and more.
To protect our Services.
We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.
To identify usage trends.
We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them.
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns.
We may process your information to better understand how to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most relevant to you.
To save or protect an individual’s vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
To identify a customer in our database and solely for the purpose of communication between KLEVU and the merchant
.
We may process merchant’s first name, last name, contact number, company address and website URL.
To be used as an account identifier and be sent merchant configured daily/weekly analytic reports
.
We may process merchant’s and additional user email addresses.
To be used for billing and invoicing purposes
.
We may process merchants business name, billing address and their VAT number.
To identify shopper’s location (i.e. country and local region) with a view to providing location based search insights to the merchant, calculate transaction based KLEVU-led conversions and provide personalised search experience to the store’s shoppers
.
We may process shoppers’ IP addresses.
To calculate KLEVU-led conversions
.
We may process shoppers’ transaction data (optional) including ID of purchased product, price paid and the IP address from where the product was bought.
To be used in conjunction with the DotMailer Email marketing tool
.
We may process collected shopper email addresses. These are never exposed to anyone at Klevu as they are MD5 hashed, in the irreversible encrypted form.
3.
WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e. legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfil our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfil our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click
here
to learn more.
Performance of a Contract.
We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:
Send users information about special offers and discounts on our products and services
Develop and display personalised and relevant advertising content for our users
Analyse how our services are used so we can improve them to engage and retain users
Support our marketing activities
Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
Understand how our users use our products and services so we can improve user experience
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
In legal terms, we are generally the ‘data controller’ under European data protection laws of the personal information described in this privacy notice, since we determine the means and/or purposes of the data processing we perform. This privacy notice does not apply to the personal information we process as a ‘data processor’ on behalf of our customers. In those situations, the customer that we provide services to and with whom we have entered into a data processing agreement is the ‘data controller’ responsible for your personal information, and we merely process your information on their behalf in accordance with your instructions. If you want to know more about our customers’ privacy practices, you should read their privacy policies and direct any questions you have to them.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e. express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e. implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click
here
to learn more.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
For business transactions provided certain conditions are met
If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents (‘
third parties
‘) who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:
Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead Generation
LinkedIn Ads, Microsoft Advertising,  Zoom Info, and Facebook Ads
Affiliate Marketing Programs
Customer Referral Program
Cloud Computing Services
Amazon Web Services (AWS), OVH, and Redswitches
Communicate and Chat with Users
FreshDesk,  Hund.io,  Google Workspace, and HubSpot Email
Content Optimisation
YouTube video embed, and SEMrush
Invoice and Billing
PayPal and Stripe
Social Media Sharing and Advertising
Facebook advertising and LinkedIn advertising
User Commenting and Forums
GitHub,  NPM, and StackOverflow
Web and Mobile Analytics
Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Hotjar, UserFlow, and Microsoft Clarity
Webinar Hosting & Storage
Livestorm
Record and store customer calls
Fireflies.ai
Customer Relationship Management
Hubspot
Content Delivery Network
KeyCDN, Cloudflare
We also may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates.
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honour this privacy notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners.
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
Other Users.
When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions, or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.
5.
WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short:
We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.
The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
6.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice.
7.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in EU, and Canada. If you are accessing our Services from outside EU, and Canada, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see ‘
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
‘ above), in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, India, Australia, and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. However, we will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law.
European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses:
We have implemented measures to protect your personal information, including by using the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers. These clauses require all recipients to protect all personal information that they process originating from the EEA or UK in accordance with European data protection laws and regulations. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
8.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than three (3) months past the termination of the user’s account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
9.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
10.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at dataprotection@klevu.com.
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section ‘HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?’ below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.
Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section ‘HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?’ below.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Opting out of marketing and promotional communications: You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, or by contacting us using the details provided in the section ‘HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?’ below. You will then be removed from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. To opt out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Services visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at dataprotection@klevu.com.
12. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (‘DNT’) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
13.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the ‘Shine The Light’ law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a ‘resident’ as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as ‘non-residents’.
If this definition of ‘resident’ applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute
Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Gender and date of birth
NO
D. Commercial information
Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information
YES
E. Biometric information
Fingerprints and voiceprints
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, online behaviour, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements
YES
G. Geolocation data
Device location
YES
H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information
Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us
NO
J. Education Information
Student records and directory information
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information
Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
NO
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
Klevu Oy collects and shares your personal information through:
Targeting cookies/Marketing cookies
Social media cookies
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this privacy notice.
You may contact us by email at dataprotection@klevu.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.
If you are using an authorised agent to exercise your right to opt out we may deny a request if the authorised agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorised to act on your behalf.
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be ‘selling’ of your personal information.
Klevu Oy has not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months.
Klevu Oy has disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months:
Category A. Identifiers, such as contact details like your real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name.
Category B. Personal Information, as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as your name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information.
Category D. Commercial information, such as transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information.
Category F. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, online behaviour, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements.
Category G. Geolocation data, such as device location.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be found under ‘
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
‘.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to request deletion of the data — Request to delete
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Right to be informed — Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the categories of personal information that we collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g. phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of your personal information.
You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information.
You can designate an authorised agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorised agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorised to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
You may request to opt out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at dataprotection@klevu.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
14.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated ‘Revised’ date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
15.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Data Protection Officer, by email at dataprotection@klevu.com, or by post to:
Klevu Oy
Data Protection Officer
Klevu Ltd, WeWork Monument
51 Eastcheap
London, London EC3M 1DT
England
If you are a resident in the United Kingdom, the ‘data controller’ of your personal information is Klevu Oy. Klevu Oy has appointed Data Protection Officer to be its representative in the UK. You can contact them directly regarding the processing of your information by Klevu Oy, by email at dataprotection@klevu.com, or by post to:
Klevu Ltd, WeWork Monument
51 Eastcheap
London, London EC3M 1DT
England
If you have any further questions or comments, you may also contact us by post at the following corporate address:
Klevu Oy
Lapinlahdenkatu 16
Helsinki 00180
Finland
Phone: __________
Download a Printable Version
Sub-policy 15
https://www.mirakl.com/privacy-policy:
With your agreement, we and
our partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn More" or "Cookies preferences" in the footer.
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
For Retailers & B2B
For Retailers & B2B
Mirakl Platform
The leading marketplace and dropship platform
Mirakl Ads
A retail media solution optimized for eCommerce and marketplaces
Mirakl Catalog Platform
Streamlined supplier catalog onboarding
Mirakl Payout
The global pay-out solution for marketplaces
For Sellers & Brands
For Sellers & Brands
Mirakl Connect
A simple and scalable way to sell across hundreds of marketplaces
Customers
Customers
Retail Customers
Meet the retailers accelerating eCommerce growth with Mirakl
B2B Customers
Meet the companies establishing B2B eCommerce with Mirakl
Why Mirakl?
Why Mirakl?
About us
Learn why the world’s top brands choose Mirakl
Technology & Security
Learn about Mirakl’s intuitive, scalable, flexible and secure technology
Partners
Curated partners for your online marketplace
Expertise
Learn how Mirakl partners with businesses to drive success
Careers
Scale your career with Mirakl
Resources
Resources
News
Read the latest content on marketplaces, eCommerce and Mirakl
Research
Read the latest data and insights about the commerce market
Let's Talk
Let's Talk
English
Global Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: SEPTEMBER 10TH, 2024
1.Purpose of this notice
This notice aims to give you information about how Mirakl collects and processes your personal data.
References in this notice to “you” or “your” are references to individuals whose Personal Data Mirakl processes in connection with the items listed above. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference in this notice to our “clients” or “suppliers” includes their employees or other staff whose personal data we process;
References in this notice to “Mirakl”, “we”, “us” or “our” are references to Mirakl SAS and the other Mirakl Affiliates (together “Mirakl’s group). Mirakl SAS is a
Société par Actions Simplifiée
established 12, rue de Lübeck 75016 Paris .
We recognise that the use and disclosure of personal data has important implications for us and for the individuals whose personal data we process. To ensure that we handle personal data properly, we have adopted a global approach to privacy compliance.
It is important that you read this notice together with any other notices we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your Personal Data, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your Personal Data. This notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
This notice can be accessed on our website but is not our Cookie Notice. Our Cookie Notice is accessible,
here
.
2.Scope
This privacy notice (“notice”) applies to the processing of personal data by Mirakl in connection with any:
“client services”: provision of products and services by Mirakl to actual and prospective clients;
“supplier services”: provision of products and services to Mirakl by suppliers or service providers;
“visitor services”: provision by Mirakl of facilities, including conference rooms, local area networking (for instance, WiFi) and other relevant facilities and services to visitors to any Mirakl’ premises;
“recruitment activities”: provision of the personal data of a candidate or individual (whether by such candidate or individual or by a third party, such as a recruitment agency) for a position at Mirakl other than through Mirakl’s usual recruitment process;
“use of our Website”: the processing of personal data by Mirakl in connection with the processing of personal data on the Mirakl institutional website, including any personal data that website visitors may provide through the use of the Website when they sign up to receive newsletters, blog posts, register for events or use our contact forms (“Website”); and
"use of Mirakl’s electronic portals and platforms": the processing of personal data by Mirakl in connection with provision of services via our help portal, Mirakl Ads Website, Mirakl Connect and/or other electronic portals and platforms which we offer or which we have agreed with you to use.
3.Who is the controller for the personal data processed?
A “controller” is a person or an organisation who alone or jointly determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any personal data is, or is likely to be, processed.
This notice is issued on behalf of Mirakl as controller. Unless we notify you otherwise Mirakl is the controller for your personal data.
4.How to make a complaint about the use of your personal data by us
If you have any concerns or would like to make a complaint about our processing of your personal data, please  complete this
form
or send an email to
privacy@mirakl.com
.
You may raise your concerns with your local data protection authority directly. However, we would encourage you to contact us in the first instance as we aim to promptly, efficiently and satisfactorily resolve any concerns or complaints you may have in relation to Mirakl’s processing of your personal data.
5.How we collect your information
When you apply to work for us, the initial data about you that we process are likely to come from you.
Where necessary, and in accordance with this Notice, we will require references and information to carry out pre-engagement screening or background checks.
We may also receive data from third party recruiters, agents or other intermediaries as part of the recruitment process, or as a referral from one of our employees or clients.
6.What personal data are processed
”Personal Data” includes any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. It does not include data that cannot be linked in an individual (anonymous data).
”Special categories of Personal Data” include details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. In limited circumstances, we collect special categories of personal data about you.
We collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Data about you. We have grouped together the following categories of personal data to explain how this type of information is used by us. These terms are used throughout this notice:
Category
Description and examples
Identity Data
our first name, middle names, maiden name, last name, marital status, title, date of birth, passport number or other official identity number, photographs, likeness, image and gender, etc.
Contact Data
your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone number
Financial Data
your bank account number
Professional Information
your job title, email address, phone number and addresses
Services Data
details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us or we have purchased from you;
Marketing and Communication Data
information on when you receive and read marketing communications from us, which of our events you attend and marketing and communication preferences (unless you provide such preferences in your profile on our electronic portals and platforms, in which case they constitute Profile Data).
Profile Data
information about you, provided by you on our electronic portals and platforms including your usernames and passwords, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, biography, profile settings, marketing and communication preferences such as your preferred language of communication and content, alert and display preferences, content type and frequency of email alerts, content that interests you (including sectors, topics and jurisdictions), date of registration and current stage of registration, account status and level of access, and information from forms you fill in, including responses to surveys and feedback provided;
Usage Data
includes information about your use of our Website, our electronic portals and platforms, as well as our local area networking facilities (including WiFi) and similar electronic services, such as interactions with our mobile applications, information collected progressively when you visit our Website, electronic portals and platforms, including your referral website, pages you visit, actions you take, information on last viewed/visited site and details of the content viewed including when and how many times the content was viewed, patterns of page visits, time details per visits (e.g. visit duration, number of visits, time spent on each page, frequency of visits), details about the path followed with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, interactions, functionalities and modules used, chat messages;
Technical Data
includes technical information collected when you access our Website, our electronic portals and platforms which we offer or which we have agreed with you to use, including your internet protocol (IP) address or domain names of the devices that are used, your login data, browser type and version, uniform resource identifier (URI) address, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you are using;
CCTV and physical security data
CCTV footage and other information relating to access of our facilities obtained through electronic means, such as swipe card records.
“Special Categories of Personal Data”: includes personal data listed above, which we process in limited circumstances, for example, where required to do so for legal or regulatory purposes or where you have provided us with such information as it is necessary for a specific service we are providing to you. We will process this personal data for the following reasons:
for legal and regulatory purposes, for example, we may need to verify whether you are a politically exposed person;
we may need to know about your trade union membership to assist you with an employment law matter; or
we may ask you for your dietary requirements if we are arranging catering for you.
7.How your personal data is collected
We use different methods to collect personal data from and about you, including through the channels set out below:
Direct interactions
Website, electronic portals and platforms, and marketing
Third-party sources
Automated technologies or interactions
Direct interactions
You give us your personal data in your direct interactions with us. Such personal data includes Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, Services Data, Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Marketing and Communications Data, Professional Information, which you give us from time to time (i) by filling in forms on our Website; (ii) through our electronic portals and platforms, (iii) by corresponding with us by email or post, (iv) by speaking to us in person or over the telephone, or (v) whilst visiting our facilities.
Such direct interactions include, for example, instances when you:
enquire about or apply for our client services;
market or provide your supplier services to us;
give us personal data necessary for a specific client service we are performing for you, or for the purposes of our “know your customer” processes and other background checks. In the certain limited circumstances, for example to enable us to comply with anti-money laundering and terrorism purpose we may also collect this information about suppliers;
give us your business card at an event or a meeting, or otherwise personally give us your personal data (for example, by leaving your contact details at the reception of one of our facilities or with our switchboard);
give us your personal data via electronic portals and platforms which we make available or which we have agreed with you to use, for example, in connection with our client services (for instance, any e-billing system which you require us to use), in connection with your supplier services (for example, an electronic platform that you supply to us);
subscribe to our publications or otherwise ask for our marketing;
register to or participate in our marketing, recruitment or other promotional events;
register to or participate in our client seminars and similar events; or
give us feedback (for example, by completing a survey).
Website, electronic portals and platforms, and marketing
You give us your personal data, which includes Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Professional Information and/or Marketing and Communications Data, when you use our Website, electronic portals and platforms which we offer or which we have agreed with you to use, or when you review the publications or marketing we send you. We also collect your personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
Please see our
Cookie Notice
for further details.
Third-party sources
We receive Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, Professional Information and Special Categories of Personal Data about you from third parties, when:
we provide our client services or other parties send us your personal data to enable the provision of those service;
we conduct our “
know your customer
” and other background checks;
you provide your personal data to a third party for the purpose of sharing it with us, for instance recruitment agencies and consultants may provide your personal data to us for recruitment activities;
In relation to the use our Website, we may also receive Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU.
Automated technologies or interactions
We collect Technical Data and Usage Data about your equipment and behaviour (e.g. browsing actions and patterns). We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our
Cookie Notice
for further details.
8.Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data
We will only process (i.e. use) your personal data when the law allows us to, that is, when we have a legal basis for processing. Subject to applicable laws, we use your personal data in the following circumstances:
“performance of a contract”: where we need to perform a contract which we are about to enter into or have entered into with you as a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract;
“legal or regulatory obligation”: where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to;
“legitimate interests”: where necessary for our interests (or those of a third party), provided that your fundamental rights do not override such interests. This can mean, for instance, that it is in our interest, to monitor how you are using our Website or any other electronic portals and platforms or access to systems to ensure that the security of our Website or other electronic portals and platforms or systems is maintained. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests; and
“consent”: where you have provided your consent to processing your personal data.
In relation to our client services or visitor services
In relation to Suppliers and Service Providers
In relation to use of our Website
In relation with CCTV and physical security
In relation to our Client and Visitors
Purpose and/or activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
To manage payments, fees and charges and to collect and recover money owed to us
Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, Professional Information
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests: ensuring we can manage payments, fees and charges, to collect and recover money owed to us
To deliver Client Services and Visitor Services to you
Identity Data, Contact Data, Services Data, Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Professional Information, CCTV Data
Performance of a contract
Legal or regulatory obligation
Legitimate interests: ensuring that you are provided with the best client services and visitor services we can offer.
To manage and protect our business, including improving data security, troubleshooting data and systems, system maintenance and testing, data hosting, managing our offices and other facilities
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Marketing and Communications Data, Professional Information
Legal or regulatory obligation
Legitimate interests: ensuring the efficient and secure running of our business, including through office and facilities administration, maintaining information technology services, network and data security, fraud prevention and improving or reorganising our infrastructure or the Mirakl group
To invite you to take part in marketing or other promotional events, or client seminars or similar events, and to manage your participation in them
Identity Data,  Contact Data, Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Marketing and Communications Data, Professional Information, Professional History
Legitimate interests: ensuring our client records are up-to-date, promoting our client services and visitor services, receiving feedback, improving our services and identifying ways to grow our business
To identify services or products which might interest you, and to send you marketing (including paper and electronic marketing communications) or to contact you by other means to offer you our client services or visitor services
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Marketing and Communications Data, Professional Information, Professional History
Legitimate interests: promoting our client services and visitor services, identifying ways to grow our business
To ask you for feedback (for instance, in a survey) about our client services or visitor services, and to manage, review and act on the feedback we are getting
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Marketing and Communications Data, Professional Information
Legitimate interests: reviewing how clients use, and what they think of, our client services and visitor services, improving them and identifying ways to grow our business
In relation to Suppliers and Service Providers
Purpose and/or activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
To check whether we would have a conflict of interest in appointing you as a supplier
Identity Data, Contact Data
Legal or regulatory obligation
Legitimate interests: ensuring we (and all other parties concerned) understand any conflict of interest which may arise for us in a matter
To take you on as a new supplier including performing background checks
Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, Services Data, Professional Information
Performance of a contract
Legal or regulatory obligation
Legitimate interests: ensuring we do not deal with proceeds of criminal activities or assist in any other unlawful or fraudulent activities for example terrorism
Public interest
To manage payments, fees and charges
Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, Professional Information
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests: ensuring we can manage payments, fees and charges and manage to collect and recover money owed to us
Where we provide you access to our systems or our offices, we need to manage and protect our business, including improving data security, troubleshooting data and systems, system maintenance and testing, data hosting, managing our offices and other facilities
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Usage Data, Technical Data, Professional Information
Legal or regulatory obligation
Legitimate interests: ensuring the efficient and secure running of our business, including through office and facilities administration, maintaining information technology services, network and data security
In relation to use of our Website
Purpose and/or activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
To manage and protect our business and our Website, including improving data security, troubleshooting data and systems, system maintenance and testing, data hosting and reporting
Contact Data, Identity Data, Technical Data, Usage Data
Legitimate interests:  ensuring the efficient and secure running of the Website, including through maintaining information technology services, network and data security
To deliver relevant Website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the content we serve to you
Contact Data, Identity Data, Technical Data, Usage Data
Legitimate interests: providing relevant content and identifying ways to grow our business
To use data analytics to improve our Website, our services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical Data, Usage Data
Legitimate interests: reviewing how clients use and what they think of our Website, improving our Website and identifying ways to grow our business
In relation to use of our electronic portals and platforms
Purpose and/or activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
To provide you with access to our electronic portals and platforms and enable you to use specific features or parts of our electronic portals and platforms
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Professional Information, Usage Data, Marketing and Communications Data
Legitimate interests: providing you with an access to requested services and enabling use of all the functionalities on the platforms to ensure that you are provided with the best services we can offer
To manage and protect our electronic portals and platforms, including improving data security, troubleshooting data and systems, system maintenance and testing, data hosting and reporting, providing user support where requested
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Professional Information, Technical Data, Usage Data, Marketing and Communications Data
Legitimate interests: ensuring the efficient and secure running of our electronic portals and platforms, including through maintaining information technology services, network and data security
To investigate and address violations of our terms of use and policies as well as detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour.
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Professional Information, Technical Data, Usage Data
Legitimate interests: preventing and addressing unlawful use of our electronic portals and platforms, violations of our terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity
To help us to identify the success of our promotion campaigns
Identity Data, Professional Information, Profile Data, Usage Data
Legitimate interest: evaluating promotion campaigns and refining our promotion tactics if necessary
To deliver optimised and relevant content and improve the overall approach and experience (e.g. by analysing your stated preferences and tracking patterns on how you interact and engage with our electronic portals and platforms)
Identity Data, Professional Information, Profile Data, Usage Data, Marketing and Communications Data
Legitimate interest: analysing how our electronic portals and platforms are used, optimising our electronic portals and platforms, identifying areas of interest of our clients, gaining understanding of which content is most valuable to users
To identify areas of interest, services or products which might interest you and to help us have better informed conversations with you on our services and support we can offer (e.g. by tracking and analysing how you interact with our electronic portals and platforms)
Identity Data, Contact Data, Professional Information, Profile Data, Usage Data, Marketing and Communications Data
Legitimate interest: identifying ways to grow our business by targeting our business development initiatives and marketing activities more effectively
To ask you for feedback (for instance, in a survey) about our electronic portals and platforms as well as marketing or other events, or client seminars or similar events, and to manage, review and act on the feedback we are getting
Identity Data, Contact Data, Profile Data, Professional Information, Marketing and Communication Data
Legitimate interests: understanding what users think of our electronic portals and platforms as well as marketing or other events, or client seminars or similar events, improving them and identifying ways to grow our business and improve users experience
In relation with CCTV and physical security
Purpose and/or activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
Detection and prevention of crime; detection and prevention of safety incidents; supporting safety, security and internal investigations; supporting criminal investigations.
legitimate interests: ensuring the protection of individuals and goods in Mirakl’s premises
9.How we use personal data relating to other individuals collected from you
On certain occasions, in the course of our client services, you may provide us with personal data of individuals who are not aware of our involvement or of our processing of their personal data. In such situations, we are likely to not have direct contact with individuals whose personal data we are processing, or it may for other reasons (for instance, to maintain confidentiality) not be appropriate for us to provide them with a privacy notice setting out how we process their personal data. Before you pass any such personal data to us, you must therefore ensure that the relevant individuals have received any requisite privacy notices and there is an applicable legal basis to pass us such personal data in connection with the performance of our client services.
10.Processing your personal data for preliminary recruitment activities
When your personal data is passed to us for recruitment activities, we will use this personal data in order to contact you about recruitment and other opportunities. If you apply for any role within Mirakl, your personal data will be processed in accordance with our recruitment privacy notice which can be obtained here or by contacting us at
privacy@mirakl.com
.
11.Events and Mirakl’s electronic portals and platforms
The types of information we receive and collect in association with your use of Mirakl’s platform depend on what features you use and what content you share:
we require certain information (your name and email address) to send you an invite for an event, manage your registration and participation in the event;
you can decide to provide additional information about you on your profile including your profile photo, position, phone number, address and biography information. Please note that providing such additional information is optional and that information provided on your profile may be visible to other participants of the event, unless you choose to be a hidden participant.
Where we run an event in collaboration with a partner organisation, we may need to share your personal information with the partner organisation and act as so-called joint controllers. If we do so, we will provide you with additional information about the personal data we process as joint controllers in the event’s related communications we send to you.
12.Third-party marketing
We do not share your personal data with any organisations outside of Mirakl for marketing purposes.
13.Use of Website
We may collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this notice.
We do not collect any special categories of personal data about you through our Website (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Our Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
14.Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the entities and persons set out below for the purposes for which we collected the personal data, as detailed in Section 8 (Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data).
Your personal data will be shared within Mirakl Group between the Mirakl Group Entities (which are listed on our Website). As an international firm, we share your personal data between Mirakl offices and entities to ensure the efficient operation of our company (for instance, by sourcing our shared services in the most cost-effective way) and to provide the highest quality of client services.
Where required, we will (subject to applicable laws, our professional obligations and any terms of business which we may enter into with you) disclose your personal data to:
(i) any person or entity to whom we are required or requested to make such disclosure by any court of competent jurisdiction or by any governmental, taxation or other regulatory authority, law enforcement agency or similar body;
(ii) our professional advisers or consultants, including lawyers, bankers, auditors, accountants and insurers providing consultancy, legal, banking, audit, accounting or insurance services to us;
(iii) any financial institutions providing finance to us; 
(iv) service providers who provide information technology and system administration services to us; and
(v) any external auditors who may carry out independent checks of your file as part of our accreditations.
If you ask us to do so in relation to the client services or visitor services we are providing or the supplier services you are providing, we may disclose your personal data to other persons or entities as instructed.
We may share your personal data with persons or entities outside of Mirakl’s to whom we may sell or transfer parts of our business or assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, the part of our business that is (as the case may be) sold, acquired or is the merged entity may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this notice.
We require any person or entity to whom we disclose personal data to respect the confidentiality and security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We do not allow such recipients of your personal data to use it for their own purposes, and we only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
15.International transfers
In some cases, the parties which we use to process personal data on our behalf are based outside the EEA and/or the United Kingdom, therefore their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of such data outside the EEA and/or the United Kingdom. Similarly, in the course of advising clients based outside of the EEA and/or the United Kingdom, we may be required to share matter-relevant personal data with them. Where this is the case we will only share the minimal amount of personal data necessary for the purpose of processing and, where possible, we will share the personal data in an anonymised form.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA and/or the United Kingdom, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission (in the case of transfers out of the EEA) or the United Kingdom Government (in the case of transfers out of the United Kingdom); and/or
where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission (in the case of transfers out of the EEA) and/or the United Kingdom Government (in the case of transfers out of the United Kingdom), in both cases which give personal data the same protection it has within the EEA and/or United Kingdom as applicable.
Please contact us at privacy@mirakl.com if you would like further information about the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA and/or the United Kingdom.
16.Data security
Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of individuals, we implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing, including:
the pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data;
the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;
the ability to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and
a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
We ensure that those who have permanent or regular access to personal data, or that are involved in the processing of personal data, or in the development of tools used to process personal data, are trained and informed of their rights and responsibilities when processing personal data.
17.Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for. This includes for example the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting, reporting requirements, to carry out legal work, for the establishment or defense of legal claims.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
If you would like to know more about the retention periods we apply to your personal data, please contact us at
privacy@mirakl.com
.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
18.Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the
Irish Data Protection Commission
.
It is Mirakl’s policy to respect your rights and Mirakl will act promptly and in accordance with any applicable law, rule or regulation relating to the processing of your personal data. This Privacy Notice is intended to provide you with information about what personal data Mirakl collects about you and how it is used.
You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside Mirakl might have received the data from Mirakl; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to Mirakl); and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by Mirakl if it is inaccurate. You may request that Mirakl erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also request that Mirakl cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how Mirakl processes your personal data. When technically feasible, Mirkal will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.
If you wish to confirm that Mirakl is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data Mirakl may have about you, for questions or complaints concerning the processing of your personal data, please contact us at
privacy@mirakl.com
or complete this
form
.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one calendar month (or earlier in accordance with applicable laws). Occasionally it may take us longer than one calendar month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
In many jurisdictions, including but not limited to in the European Union, you have recourse with your nation’s data protection authority. In France, you can contact the CNIL, 3 place du Fontenoy.
Sub-policy 16
https://www.shopify.com/uk/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
We use cookies (and other similar technologies) for many purposes, including to improve your experience on our site and for ads and analytics. Click "Accept all" to accept these uses. Read more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 17
https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/for-businesses/business-privacy-policy:
For Businesses
Guidelines for Reviewers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use for Consumers
Guidelines for Business
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
Data Processing Agreement
Subprocessors
U.S. Privacy Laws Supplement
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Privacy Policy
Content Refresh Guidelines
Legal Brand Guidelines
SEO requirements for partners
Code of Ethics
Action We Take
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
Modern Slavery Code of Conduct
Copyright Dispute Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
March 2025
March 2025
March 2025
December 2024
November 2024
January 2023
April 2022
December 2021
September 2020
March 2020
Version 14.1, effective 14 March 2025
We value your privacy. With this policy, we set out your privacy rights and how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal data.
Terms we use in this policy
When we say “Trustpilot”, “we”, “our”, or “us”, we mean Trustpilot A/S, Pilestraede 58, 5th floor, DK-1112 Copenhagen K, which is the entity responsible for processing your personal data.
When we say “website”, “platform” or “service”, we mean all of Trustpilot’s websites, applications and other services.
When we say “public personal data”, we mean personal data published on our website which anyone on the internet and allowed on our site can access, and when we say “private personal data” we mean personal data we don’t publish on our website.
Third-party websites
Our platform contains links to other websites, but that doesn’t mean we endorse those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for these third-party websites because their procedures for collecting, handling and processing personal data might be different to ours.
When you write a review, the review and your Trustpilot profile will be visible to anyone who visits our platform. When someone clicks on your profile, they can see your country location and all the reviews you’ve written, including the locations and products you’ve reviewed, and any photos or videos submitted with your reviews. Similarly, if you’re a business user and reply to a review about your company, this will also be visible on our platform. We consider all of this information to be public personal data. You can share as much or as little personal information as you want when creating your Trustpilot profile and username.
Personal data is any information that relates to an identifiable individual. When you create a Trustpilot user account, write a review, create a business account on behalf of your company, or otherwise use our platform or services, we may collect and process personal data about you. Please see the “Who may access your personal data?” section for more information about who can access it.
We ask you not to share any sensitive personal documents or personal data with us, such as information revealing ethnic origin, religious beliefs, or health information, of yourself or others.
We may collect the following public and private personal data:
User account information
: Your username, photo, country location.
Information about reviews and ratings,
including
:
Which business you reviewed.
Which product you reviewed.
The date you wrote your review.
Whether you wrote a service review, a location review, or a product review.
Your review content and star rating.
Your product photos or videos (if you provide them together with your product review).
The location of the business you reviewed.
The date of your experience with the business you wrote the review about.
Information about finding reviews “useful”
: how many people find your review “useful”, and if you click “useful” on someone else’s review.
Social networks:
You can connect your Trustpilot profile with your social media profiles, for example, Facebook (“social network”). When you do this, we automatically collect selected information about you from your social network, depending on what information you have made available on that social network and your privacy settings for sharing such information on that social network. We may collect the following information:
Name and/or username.
Profile photo.
Before your request to connect your Trustpilot profile with a social network profile is carried out, you’ll be told which information we will collect from that social network. You can disconnect your social network profile from your Trustpilot profile via your Trustpilot account at any time. Trustpilot will then remove your social network unique ID, and disconnect/revoke Trustpilot from your social network. However, your social network profile picture will remain on your Trustpilot profile unless you change it and we will retain your name and email address.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following public personal data:
Business account information:
Your company name and domain, and certain other information you choose to add to your business profile, such as details about the type of services your company offers, your company address, and country.
Replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, the information you state in the reply to a review, the date you wrote your reply.
User account information
: Your password and your preferred language.
Contact information:
Your name and email address or any other contact details you may provide to us from time to time, whether provided directly to Trustpilot or from social networks.
Information about reviews and ratings, including:
The dates you wrote your review, made any edits, or deleted the review.
Your reference number, order ID or similar (if you or the business provided one). If we ask you to provide information or documentation to verify your experience, and you send us such documentation, we will collect and process the documentation for the purpose(s) stated in the request.
Device and location information:
Your IP address, browser settings (the type of browser you use, browser language, time zone), and location.
Usage and profiling information:
Your Trustpilot search history, how you've interacted with our platform, or emails we send to you, including time you spend on our site, features or functions you’ve accessed, metadata and event data, marketing emails you’ve opened and links you’ve clicked.
Information about views:
How many people read your review.
Your verification data:
Data provided during the
verification process for consumers
:
Your name.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
Your age and date of birth.
Information about questions you asked on a business’s website:
Which business you asked a question.
The product you asked the question about.
The content of the question.
The date you asked the question.
The business’s response to the question.
Data provided in response to a request for information by a business:
Businesses can ask reviewers about them and their experiences, including via our “Request Information” tool. If you choose to respond, we will share any information you provide with the business, including but not limited to your full name, phone number, email address, and reference ID.
Preferences information:
Selected preferences associated with your account, including specific consents you have given or declined, newsletters or similar email preferences and cookies containing your preferences.
Communication information:
Includes communications we receive from you such as review notifications, feedback, help requests and queries via email, and other electronic communication methods, as well as metadata associated with those communications, such as time and date.
Call recordings
: All inbound and outbound telephone or video calls made to or by Trustpilot may be recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes. Personal data (for example, name and contact details) revealed during a telephone call will be digitally recorded to deliver appropriate services.
Chrome extension
: If you download our Chrome extension, we may collect the following information:
A session ID allocated to you, which we may be able to link to your Trustpilot account if you have one.
Data relating to your use of the Chrome extension, such as page URLs where you have interacted with the Chrome extension, and your Chrome extension preferences and settings, such as how you choose to display the Chrome extension on your browser.
Browser and device information, such as details about your language settings, browser version, timezone, and screen resolution.
If the session ID links to your account, we may associate data relating to your use of the Chrome extension and browser and device information to you.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following private personal data:
Business account information
: Your password.
Information about reports and replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, which review you reported, the reason for the report, the date of the report. Some of this information may be aggregated and displayed on your business’ Trustpilot page.
Your verification data:
Data you might provide when
confirming details about your business
, such as:
Your contact details.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
Your age and date of birth.
Your bank account details (if you’re on a paid plan).
The personal data that we process is primarily collected directly from you when you provide your details to create an account with us, or your usage and profiling information, meaning your interaction with our platform, services or marketing emails, such as by leaving reviews or posting replies to reviews.
Sometimes we're given information about you from third parties. For example, when you sign up for a Trustpilot account via Facebook, your account is automatically pre-filled with the information we receive from them. Similarly, when a business asks us to send a review invitation to you on their behalf, they give us your name, email address and a reference number, such as an order ID or similar. And we may receive information from third parties for the purposes of fraud and investigation.
We also generate or collect information from your computer or device automatically as you use our services — like your IP address, your location, information about the device and browser you're using to access Trustpilot, or your usage and profiling information, such as your interaction with our platform or marketing emails, or use of our other services.
A data controller decides how and why your personal data is used and is responsible for ensuring it is handled properly. A data processor acts on a data controller’s instructions to process your data. These definitions come from the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
If you've been sent an invitation to write a review about a business that uses our services (either by us or them directly), or have provided information to a business via the “Request Information” tool, the business will be the data controller in respect of that data and Trustpilot will be the data processor. If you have any questions, or wish to exercise your rights with respect to personal data used to send review invitations to you, you should contact the relevant business or businesses directly, as they are responsible as data controllers.
In respect of all other personal data associated with our platform, such as information you provide when you create an account, leave a review, or submit a reply, Trustpilot A/S, is the data controller. Depending on which of our services our business customers use, they may also be data controllers of your data, such as the reviews you write, your username, and your date of experience.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Provide our services to you, including displaying your reviews and giving you access to your user account and our platform, or providing you with access to your company’s business account and our website.
Identify you as a registered user when you log into our platform and revisit our platform.
Improve our platform and services and develop product features.
Respond to your questions and provide customer service.
Send you our newsletters.
Personalise your experience on our platform, for example, to tailor content and recommendations based on your interactions with our services.
Engage in various internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud detection and content moderation, developing new products and services, improving or modifying our platform and our services, including our TrustBoxes, identifying usage trends and insights, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
Train our staff and for quality control purposes, helping us improve the quality of our services.
Exercise or comply with our own legal rights or obligations in connection with legal claims, or for compliance, regulatory and auditing purposes, where necessary. For example, we may retain information where we are required by law, or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body.
If you have a Trustpilot user account, we may also use your personal data to:
Invite you to leave a review of Trustpilot.
Pass on a message from the business you reviewed or the business that invited you to review a service experience or a product via our platform.
Confirm information about you if you choose to
verify your identity
.
Contact you if we’ve identified that your review might breach our
Guidelines
and, if necessary, ask you to provide documentation to verify your review or experience.
Contact you to tell you how many times your review was read and whether other users find your review useful, or otherwise provide feedback concerning your user account or your review.
Enforce our
Terms of Use for Consumers
.
If you have a business account on behalf of your company on Trustpilot, we’ll also use your personal data to:
Notify you about a review of your company or products you offer.
Verify the legitimacy of your replies to reviews.
Confirm details about you and your business
.
Inform you if your reply to a review is reported for containing content which is against our guidelines or is otherwise inappropriate.
Enforce our
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
.
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We may use automated means, including machine learning and artificial intelligence to conduct the above purposes.
We need to process your personal data to:
Perform our contract with you or your company.
Exercise and comply with our own legal rights and obligations and operate an online review platform in compliance with applicable legal acts.
Pursue our legitimate business interests, including but not limited to operating our website and business and providing our services to you. Where we process your personal data based on a legitimate interest we will only do so where the processing is relevant, adequate and limited to what is necessary for the purpose it was collected for. And of course, we'll always ensure our legitimate interests don't unfairly impact on your own rights and freedoms.
Perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Establish, exercise or defend legal claims, where necessary.
In circumstances where you have expressly given your consent for us to process your personal data, for example, when subscribing to our newsletters or accepting certain cookies on your device, you are free to revoke your consent at any time, either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). However, please be aware that we may have the right to continue to process your information if it can be justified on one of the other legal bases mentioned above.
You have the right to object to how we process your personal data, or ask us to restrict the processing. Please see ‘Your rights’ below, for more details.
Your public personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
We share your public personal data on our platform so that others can read about your experience with a specific business. Remember that if you’ve selected to use your real name as your username, this could reveal your identity on our public website. Please see this Help Center article for more guidance regarding your public personal data.
Similarly if you’re a business user, depending on the information you decide to include on your public Trustpilot profile, this will be considered public personal data and will be accessible to anyone visiting the Trustpilot website.
Your private personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
Some Trustpilot employees will have access to your data to help facilitate everything within the ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ section of this privacy policy. However, Trustpilot operates on principles in which access is limited to those who have a genuine work-related need.
If you are a consumer and you have been sent a review invitation via our platform by one of our business customers, they will have access to your data within their Trustpilot Business account. If you write a review on Trustpilot in response to an invitation sent by a business via our review invitation services, that business will be able to match your review with their invitation. As a reminder, our business customers are data controllers of this data and you should reach out to them if you have any questions.
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
One of Trustpilot's main goals is to maximise the visibility, availability, and utility of reviews and related content to the world. We therefore permit various independent third parties to access public personal data including, without limitation, usernames, user profile information, review content, and replies to reviews by businesses (as further outlined in the ‘Personal data we collect’ section of this privacy policy) via Application Programming Interfaces and other programmatic data transfer methodologies available through our platform, and to use and incorporate such public personal data into their own products and services. This increases the potential audience, and consumers’ and businesses’ knowledge of, Trustpilot and of consumer reviews and the valuable insights they provide. We make public personal data available to such third parties in this way only where they agree to data licence terms which implement protections appropriate for the data and the rights of the relevant data subjects. Please see the ‘Your rights’ section below for information about opting out of certain parts of this data sharing.
The types of third-parties that may access, use and incorporate such public personal data includes:
Search engines, and other interfaces that return information in response to user queries (including AI powered systems);
Businesses you wrote a product or service Trustpilot review for, either by invitation or not;
Online platforms where, in Trustpilot’s assessment, it would be helpful or relevant for users to search for and access reviews and related content including, without  limitation, consumer portals and business portals such as price comparison websites and shopping guides;
Application partners and platforms, such as Prestashop, Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce;
Social networks; and
Any other third party who enters into a licensing agreement with Trustpilot to access public personal data.
If you choose to respond to a reviewed business’s request for information (for example, via our
“Request Information” tool
), this information is sent directly to the business requesting the information. Sometimes we'll need to
ask for documentation
in order to verify your experience. For example, when our dedicated software flags your review and removes it from Trustpilot. We will never share your documentation with the reviewed business, however in certain circumstances if you have a reference number, order ID or similar, we may pass that on to the business, unless you ask us not to.
Your personal data shared with data processors
We share your personal data with selected third parties (including Trustpilot subsidiaries and other companies within the Trustpilot group, and companies we work with to provide our services) that provide us with a variety of different services that support the technical operation of our platform and the delivery of our services ("data processors"). These third parties are data processors for the personal data for which we are the data controller. We have data processing agreements in place with the data processors, and it follows from these agreements that they must act solely in accordance with our instructions. We may instruct the data processors to process data in accordance with this policy and for the purposes of using the platform.
We carry out checks to ensure that data processors have taken reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, becoming lost or deteriorating, and to protect against the information being disclosed to unauthorised persons, being misused, or in other ways being processed in violation of data protection laws.
Some of these data processors and third-party services will be located in countries outside of the one in which you are based and may have different, or less stringent, data protection standards. However, subject to the local laws in these countries, we will ensure that necessary safeguards are in place to protect your data, regardless of location. We do this through a combination of appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures, and by putting in place the necessary legal contracts to back up these requirements. For example, we will only transfer European users’ personal data outside the European Economic Area where a European Commission-approved method of validating the transfer has been put in place.
Other disclosures
In addition to the above, we share your personal data with the following parties and in the following circumstances:
To comply with laws or to respond to claims, legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas and court orders) and requests from public and government authorities.
To cooperate with regulatory bodies and government authorities in connection with investigations or case referrals.
To third parties in connection with the enforcement of our
Terms of Use for Consumers
,
Guidelines for Reviewers
,
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
, and
Guidelines for Businesses
.
To third parties in order for us to protect our operations or those of our affiliates.
To third parties to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
To third parties in order for us to pursue available remedies, or limit damages that we may sustain.
To third parties in order for us to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and misuse of our platform.
To third parties in the event of any reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We only keep your data for as long as we need it, or are required to for legal reasons. This depends on why it was collected, and if we have a continuing legal basis to do so (such as to fulfil a contract between us, perform a service you requested, meet legal requirements, or for our legitimate interests). When we no longer have a valid reason to keep your data, we'll either delete it or anonymise it so that it doesn't identify you. We treat data differently depending on what it's used for, but you can delete your personal data or ask us to do that for you at any time (see ‘Your rights’ below).
Personal data you provide, including your reviews, is kept for as long as you have a Trustpilot account, or as needed to provide you with our services. If you delete your Trustpilot account, we retain certain information we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Reasons we might retain some data for longer periods of time include (but are not limited to) security, fraud and platform abuse prevention, complying with legal or regulatory requirements, and defending our legitimate business interests.
Keeping your personal data secure is our highest priority. We use various organisational, technical and administrative measures to protect your personal data within our organisation and we regularly audit our system for vulnerabilities. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment, we can’t ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us. Emails sent via the platform may not be encrypted, and we therefore advise you not to include any confidential information in your emails to us.
We’re always working to improve
our security practices and policies
, and we will update this information as these practices evolve over time.
We use cookies and similar technologies to help deliver, optimise, personalise and analyse our services, and for advertising purposes.
We use a combination of cookies and other technologies, such as pixels and tracking codes, to collect information for use in line with the purposes set out in this policy.
What’s a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device, via your web browser, at the request of the websites you visit or applications you use. Cookies record things like your preferences and settings, which help give us the information we need to provide you with the most consistent and relevant experience. We also use cookies to record information about experiments or new improvements we might test to track how you use our services and find out whether they were effective.
Cookies on our website may be set by us, third parties we're working with, or independent third parties, such as advertisers.
What are pixels?
Pixels are small, transparent image files inside a web page or email. We use them to understand how you interact with our services, including marketing emails.
What are tracking codes?
Tracking codes are snippets of code placed in the page to measure things like visits and interactions. We use tracking codes to find out more about how you interact with our services, the adverts you see and more generally, how you use our platform.
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information and details of the types of cookies and similar technologies we use.
If we hold personal data about you, you have rights in relation to this data as set out below.
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have an overriding legitimate interest, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
Access and download your personal data
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not Trustpilot A/S is processing personal data about you, and, where it is, access that personal data, as well as other information about the data. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
If you have a business account on Trustpilot, or if you don’t have an account at all, you can email privacy@trustpilot.com and request information about your personal data.
Correction and deletion of your personal data
If any of the personal data we have about you is incorrect or misleading, if your personal data changes or if you no longer wish to appear on the platform, you can
correct, edit or delete
the information yourself via your Trustpilot user account. Otherwise, you are welcome to email privacy@trustpilot.com requesting to correct or delete your information.
See ‘How long do we store your personal data?’ for more information on deleting your data.
Right to object
We may share your public personal data with certain partners (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”). Where your rights override our interests, you can opt-out of us sharing such data by completing
this form
.
Other rights
In addition to the rights set out above concerning your personal data, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, and the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, for example the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes).
Where we have asked for your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. You may withdraw your consent either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). If you ask to withdraw your consent to Trustpilot processing your data, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute and might be limited. For example, we may not comply with your request if fulfilling it would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have compelling legitimate interests, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Support Center
.
This section provides additional details about the personal data we collect from consumers in the U.S. who are afforded rights under applicable state data protection and privacy laws. These laws include, but are not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act, the Florida Digital Bill of Rights, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act, the New Jersey Data Protection Act, the New Hampshire Act Relative to the Expectation of Privacy, the Oregon Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and any other state or local laws applicable to U.S. residents’ data. These laws may be amended, repealed, or replaced over time (the “U.S. Privacy Laws”).
When we say personal data in this section, we mean “personal data” or “personal information”, as defined in the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws.
For more details about the personal data we collect, please see ‘Personal data we collect’ above. We collect this data for the purposes described in ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ above. We share this data with the categories of third parties described in ‘Who may access your personal data’ above.
Under the U.S. Privacy Laws you have a number of rights over the personal data we hold about you and we are committed to exercising those rights, where they apply. For more details about your rights in relation to our processing of your personal data, please see ‘Your rights’ above.
In accordance with the U.S Privacy Laws’ requirements, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. You may make a request pursuant to your rights by contacting us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including the email address. You may designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Trustpilot may transfer your personal data to third parties who enter into licensing agreements with us and to our partners for things like displaying personalised ads to you or to deliver improvements to our service. Under U.S Privacy Laws you may request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data to third parties. To manage your privacy preferences and opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data, please use the features provided to opt out on our dedicated
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
site. You can also contact us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below.
Trustpilot will never sell your private personal data for profit, however, to comply with the U.S. Privacy Laws where we transfer it to our partners for activities including, but not limited to,displaying personalised ads to you, licensing our data (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”) or to deliver improvements to our service, we allow you to opt out. We only engage in this kind of data transfer where we believe it benefits you by providing you with a better experience, quality of service or to deliver content that you may be interested in.
Our platform is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from such children. If you become aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with their personal data, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
We may change this policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed.
If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice, such as via email or through our platform. Your continued use of our platform or services after we publish or send a notice about the changes to the policy will mean that you accept and agree to the updated policy.
We aim to make this information as clear and transparent as possible. But if you still have questions about how we process your personal data, or would like to exercise your rights under our policy, you're welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@trustpilot.com
.
You can reach us by mail at:
Trustpilot A/S,
Pilestraede 58, 5th floor,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
CVR no.: 30276582
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have further options, for example you may lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority such as the Danish Data Protection Agency. You can read more about it in the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
You can also find additional resources about data privacy in our
Help Center
.
Back to top
are you human?
Sub-policy 18
https://www.paypal.com/uk/legalhub/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
16. Users in the UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Status disclosure
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on 1 February 2025
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
PayPal UK Ltd (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Data when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to Other Services, such as Hyperwallet. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the “
Definitions
” section below.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the United Kingdom (UK),
PayPal UK Ltd
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the UK, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”).
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), use PayPal Groups, use a Fastlane profile, or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). If you use Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later. We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Data with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster, create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Data each time they check out (“Fastlane”).
When you create a Fastlane profile, PayPal will store your Personal Data, including your name, email, phone number, address information,  billing information and payment method details, and other data that will be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner and Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners and Merchants sites and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as register for a store or loyalty account  using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner and Merchant may disclose Personal Data with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you
,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account or profile and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your PayPal Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account and profile secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behaviour patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, Partners and Merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the UK and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Data and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorised by you and likely to be successfully authorised by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable UK laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your account, profile and financial information accurate and up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by UK law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay Without a PayPal account), and to associate such transactions with your PayPal account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under UK laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other Other Services
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under UK law is legal obligation and where acting under non-UK law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Data will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identity verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your account settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your account settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users, use the Services, or return goods we may share information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. We may also disclose Personal Data to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions. For example, when you visit a participating Merchant site or app, the Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process. If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their services providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
Please note that Personal Data shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants’ own privacy policies and procedures.  We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of Personal Data from the EU within PayPal and Other Services, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). For transfers of personal data from the UK, these are based on the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your Personal Data
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app. If you, or an authorised agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Data in your Fastlane profile, contact us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not you have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information Personal Data by contacting us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorised agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your account or profile settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
By contacting our Data Protection Officer, please see Section 18 (“
Our Contact Information
”).
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website: https://ico.org.uk/, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under UK law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
16. Users in the UK
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country.
Specifically, you acknowledge that PayPal may do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation laws implementing the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and OECD Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by FATCA or CRS, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
Disclose account Information to intellectual property right owners if under applicable law they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used.
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
If you as a Partner and Merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such third party necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed here. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each "Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your account information or to whom we may consider disclosing your account information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
Share necessary account information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Other Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of PayPal, Inc., and who process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. Examples include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., and Hyperwallet.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner and Merchant means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services.
PayPal means PayPal UK Ltd, which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services  means any PayPal Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, PayPal Groups, Fastlane, Xoom, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Other Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card and/or direct debit payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand, or when you use our Braintree services.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal UK Ltd at 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service or Unbranded Payment Services.
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service.
To contact us about your Fastlane profile: visit your Fastlane profile management portal.
Status disclosure
PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd's company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Sub-policy 19
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/:
Discover Klarna
For Business
Privacy policy
Select your country of residence from the list below to read the appropriate policy.
Klarna
Australia
Austria
Belgium (
fr
/
nl
)
Canada (
en
/
fr
)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland (
fi
/
se
)
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland (
de
/
fr
/
it
/
en
)
United Kingdom
United States (
en
/
es
)
Luxembourg
Bulgaria
Slovenia
PriceRunner
Denmark
Sweden
United Kingdom
Sub-policy 20
https://help.clearpay.co.uk/hc/en-gb/articles/900006078786-Privacy-Policy-:
Skip to main content
Search
Clearpay
I'm a Customer
Privacy & Security
Articles in this section
I think I have been sent a phishing email, what do I do?
Marketing - Your Choices
Privacy Policy
Privacy matters to Clearpay.  The Clearpay Privacy Policy explains how Clearpay collects, uses, discloses and manages personal information. The Privacy Policy can be accessed by clicking “Privacy” on the bottom of the Clearpay website or
here
.
The Privacy Policy applies when you visit our website, download our app, apply for and use your Clearpay account, or otherwise interact and engage with us in relation to our customer products, features, and services as set out in the Privacy Policy.
“Personal Information” is information that reasonably identifies you and is about you, directly or indirectly as described under applicable privacy laws in countries we operate in. Personal information does not include information that has been made anonymous and cannot reasonably identify a specific person.
If you:
have a query or concern about how Clearpay collects and handles your personal information
would like to exercise your privacy rights and choices
please refer to our Privacy Policy
here
for more information
.  Details on how to contact us can be found in
10. How to Contact Us
.
If you have questions in relation to personal information collected from a beneficial owner, director, other employee or trustee of a Merchant, please refer to our
Merchant Privacy Policy
.
Have more questions?
Get in touch
Related articles
How can I verify my account?
How do I call Clearpay?
How do refunds work at Clearpay?
Can I change the due date of a payment?
Marketing - Your Choices
Sub-policy 21
https://www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Legal
Privacy Policy
Learn more
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
Privacy Statement
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
COMPLIANCE CONTACT INFORMATION
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
When you use and interact with our websites or services, communicate with us, visit our offices or attend our events, among other activities further described within the full Privacy Statement, we may collect, use, share and process information relating to you ("Personal Data"). These Privacy Statement Highlights summarise our Personal Data processing practices and your related rights.
Important information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located
here
. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalised advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimise the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to maintain the security of Salesforce and its services;
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with?
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorised user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Protection of EU Personal Data One-Pager
Your rights relating to your Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at 1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
.
Learn about our commitment to privacy protection
Privacy Statement highlights
At Salesforce, trust is our #1 value. This Privacy Statement describes how Salesforce collects, uses, shares or otherwise processes information relating to individuals (“Personal Data”) and the rights associated with that processing.
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”) are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement, unless specified otherwise, and act as the controller of such Personal Data. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located
here
.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various products and services through which our customers (or their affiliates): (i) create their own websites and applications running on our platforms; (ii) sell or offer their own products and services; (iii) send electronic communications to others; or (iv) otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our products and services.
For detailed privacy information related to a Salesforce customer or a customer affiliate who uses Salesforce products and services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. For more information, please also see Section 10.3 below.
This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you:
Visit our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement;
Visit our branded social media pages;
Visit our offices;
Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes;
Use our products and services where we act as a controller of your Personal Data;
Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs, trainings, certifications or contests;
Act as or work for a service provider or supplier to Salesforce, to the extent Salesforce acts as a controller with respect to your Personal Data;
Are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us in our capacity as a controller (for example, during the contracting process);
Participate in a Salesforce community such as that focused on open source development; or
Participate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us.
We also host several online marketplaces such as AppExchange, which is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications that run on the Salesforce platform and that may be provided by us or by third parties (see
https://appexchange.salesforce.com/
), Tableau’s Extension Gallery (
https://extensiongallery.tableau.com
) which offers connectors and solutions that provide additional functionality for Tableau, such as dashboard extensions, and the Slack App Directory (
https://tinyspeck.slack.com/apps
), which offers number applications that integrate with Slack. When applications, connectors, extensions or other solutions are provided by us and they link to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy statement of the third party applies and this Privacy Statement does not.
Our websites and services may contain links to other websites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties. The information practices of these third parties, including the social media platforms that host our branded social media pages, are governed by their privacy statements, which you should review to better understand their privacy practices
In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy policies, available on their websites.
3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you
The Personal Data we collect directly from you may include identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information, among others. We may collect such information in the following situations:
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising:
The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyse our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organisation who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you.
4.1 Device and Usage Data
As is true of most websites, we gather certain device information when individual users visit our websites. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers and features, location, browser type, plug-ins, integrations, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, searches, referring website, app or ad, operating system, system configuration information, advertising and language preferences, date and time stamps associated with your usage, and frequency of visits to the websites. This information is used for the purposes set out in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below.
In addition, we gather certain information as part of your use of our products and services (“Usage Data”). This information may include: (i) identifiers, such as user ID, organization ID, username, email address and user type; (ii) commercial information; and (iii) internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, language, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, user interactions such as the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in detail in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we may use aggregated Usage Data for other internal business purposes, such as to identify additional customer opportunities and to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users. Please note that this Usage Data is primarily used to identify the uniqueness of each user logging on (as opposed to specific individuals), apart from where it is strictly required to identify an individual for security purposes or as required as part of our provision of the services to our customers. For more information regarding Tableau specifically, please see
here
and
here
. When data is used for controller purposes, Slack may refer to the aforementioned categories of personal data as Other Information within Slack’s websites.
4.2 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications
We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to gather information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails.
When you visit our websites, we, or an authorised third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customise your browsing experience.
We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services.
We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in a marketing email that notifies us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails. – please see more details in the “Advertising Cookies” row in the table below. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 10.4 below.
The following describes how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies and your options for managing the data collection settings of these technologies:
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyse site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyse usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognise you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorised partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
).  To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
We collect and process your Personal Data (including, where legally permissible, special categories of Personal Data) for the following purposes and relying on the following legal bases:
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyse overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalised advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalised information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalised content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalised advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorised access
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimising the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to develop, optimise and improve the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalised interactions
We process your Personal Data to customise our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimising the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyse our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
We may share your Personal Data as follows:
Service providers: With our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, events planning, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5. Contracted service providers may also deliver artificial intelligence and generative artificial intelligence capabilities to analyse data, determine trends, make predictions and create AI-generated responses or other content for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5;
Salesforce affiliates: With affiliates within the Salesforce corporate group and companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Salesforce corporate group, to the extent such sharing of data is necessary to fulfill a request you have submitted via our websites or for customer support, marketing, technical operations, event registration and account management purposes. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located
here
;
Event sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organised by us, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with Section 10 below;
Partners: With specific partners that offer supplementary services to those provided by Salesforce, such as partners that offer sustainability resources, or that resell Salesforce services, to the extent you consent to such sharing (where required by applicable law);
Customers with whom you are affiliated and the applicable partner responsible for access to your services: If you use our services as an authorised user, we may share your Personal Data with your affiliated customer and/or the applicable partner responsible for your access to the services to the extent this is necessary for verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, or enforcing our terms and policies;
Contest and promotion sponsors: With sponsors of contests or promotions for which you register in order to fulfill the contest or promotion;
Third party networks and websites: With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites, so that Salesforce can market and advertise on third party platforms and websites;
Salesforce-affiliated App Exchange partners: Specifically in relation to the AppExchange website, if you choose to interact with or use third-party tools, we may share your Personal Data with our third party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services in accordance with law or our contractual commitments;
Professional advisers: In individual instances, we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data;
Third parties involved in a corporate transaction: If we are involved in a merger, reorganisation, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of Personal Data to an unaffiliated third party;
Third party accounts: In relation to Tableau, if you connect to your third party accounts through our products, we will use that information to authenticate you, enumerate the data sources available to you, download any data you request us to, and download and refresh authentication tokens or persist authentication information such as user names and passwords as necessary to continue to connect to these data; and
Public authorities: With public and government authorities, to the extent we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations.
We may also share aggregated Usage Data with Salesforce’s service providers for the purpose of helping Salesforce in such analysis and improvements. Additionally, Salesforce may share Usage Data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
Anyone using our communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may read any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit and post.
For more information on the recipients of your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third-parties disclosed in Section 6, above, that are based in other countries.
Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places  that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent.
Our websites and services are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data for children between 13-18 unless we have obtained consent from a parent or guardian or such collection is subject to a separate agreement with us or the visit by a child is unsolicited or incidental. If you believe we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected Personal Data of a minor without appropriate consent please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below and we will take steps to delete their Personal Data from our systems.
We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see Section 5 above) or as long as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of the Personal Data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data.
For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in the Section 13 below.
10.1 Your rights
You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making");
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal; and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.
Please note that Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services.
10.2 How to exercise your rights
To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Your Personal Data may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive. If you are an employee of a Salesforce customer, we recommend you contact your employer’s system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
Some registered users may update their user settings, profiles, organisation settings and event registrations by logging into their accounts and editing their settings or profiles.
To update your billing information, discontinue your account or request return or deletion of your Personal Data and other information associated with your account, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
10.3 Your rights relating to customer data
As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to our products and services. To this end, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Statement or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Data (see Section 1 above). We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Salesforce customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. Because we may only access a customer’s data upon their instructions, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide us the name of the Salesforce customer who submitted your data to us. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
10.4 Your preferences for email and SMS marketing communications
If we process your Personal Data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Salesforce by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of Salesforce marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘STOP’ if you receive Salesforce SMS communications, or by unsubscribing
here
. Please note that, notwithstanding the above, you will continue to receive marketing and non-transactional communications from CMO Club unless you manage your receipt of such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of CMO Club’s marketing emails.
You may also turn off push notifications on Salesforce apps on your device, or unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting us” section, below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
10.5 Your preferences for telemarketing communications
If you want your phone number to be added to our internal Do-Not-Call telemarketing register, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Please include your first name, last name, company and the phone number you wish to add to our Do-Not-Call register.
Alternatively, you can always let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes.
We take appropriate precautions including organisational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use.
While we follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. If you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. If we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top. If we make a material update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or by contacting you directly, or where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Data.
Salesforce has appointed a Data Protection Officer and, in India, a Grievance Officer. To exercise your rights regarding your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at +1-855-938-3410, or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team)
415 Mission St, 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.  If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
.
We participate in both the APEC CBPR and APEC PRP system. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed to your satisfaction, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) requires businesses to disclose whether they sell or share Personal Data. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data.  We may share Personal Data (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Data from our sites or services if those third parties are authorised service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Salesforce sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties.
California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in Sections 5 and 6 of this Privacy Statement. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes:
Identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet activity information;
Financial information;
Professional and employment-related information;
Education information;
Geolocation data;
Audio and visual data;
In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected characteristics under California or United States law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above information categories.
California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to know and access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, to request correction of Personal Data, to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for third party advertising purposes, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and have registered for an account with us, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s). Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement. If you are an authorised agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorisation designating you as their agent.
If you would like to opt-out of shares using your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls.  If you would like to opt-out of shares using other identifiers (like email address), please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement.
We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
40
32
1
43
Requests to delete Personal Data
95
85
1
27
Objections to processing Personal Data
6
5
1
23
Requests to correct Personal Data
0
-
-
-
Requests for access to Personal Data
Requests to delete Personal Data
Objections to processing Personal Data
Requests to correct Personal Data
Requests Submitted
40
95
6
0
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
32
85
5
-
Average Days to Respond
1
1
1
-
Median Days to Complete a Request**
43
27
23
-
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.
Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2022.
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 22
https://substack.com/privacy:
Resources
How to start a Substack
Going paid guide
Resource center
Community & programs
Help center
Brand assets
Creators
Switch to Substack
Go paid
Grow your audience
For video
For podcasts
For bloggers
For finance writers
For authors
For food writers
For local news
Explore
Substack App
Discover
Featured
Substacks around the world
Start publishing
Sign in
Substack App
Discover
Featured
Substacks around the world
Switch to Substack
Go paid
Grow your audience
For video
For podcasts
For bloggers
For finance writers
For authors
For food writers
For local news
How to start a Substack
Going paid guide
Resource center
Community & programs
Help center
Brand assets
Documents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Publisher Agreement
Content Guidelines
Copyright Dispute Policy
Copyright Repeat Infringer Policy
CCPA Policy
Support Chatbot Terms
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 19, 2025
Changes in the Last Update
Incorporate the Data Privacy Framework
About this Privacy Policy
Substack Inc. knows you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and share your personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") through our website (
www.substack.com
) and our services. Please read it carefully.
Remember that your use of Substack is at all times subject to the
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the
Terms of Use
.
This Privacy Policy includes additional notices that may apply to you if you are a California consumer.
Please see the section further below titled "Additional Notices for California Residents" for more details.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy details how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer and process your Personal Information. It also describes the choices you have regarding the use of your Personal Information, as well as your rights and how you execute these rights.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the processing of your Personal Information by Substack as a data controller, meaning where we process your Personal Information for our purposes. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any processing of your Personal Information by Substack as a data processor on behalf of a Creator. Creators will have their own privacy practices governing their use of Personal Information as outlined in their own terms of use and/or privacy policies.
Will Substack ever change this Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on our site, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of Substack, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
What Information does Substack collect?
We collect and process Personal Information about you when you interact with us and our services, as well as when you subscribe to any of our paid or unpaid services. This may include:
your first and last name;
your email address;
your phone number;
your payment details (including billing address, credit card details, where you make a purchase from us);
your location and/or mailing address;
your photograph;
your marketing preferences, including any consents you have given us;
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website (including your IP address);
any information we collect online from you and maintain in association with your account, such as your username and password;
your subscription status with Substack publications;
public information about the social media accounts you associate with your Substack account;
your direct message contents and metadata;
information from integrated third-party services that you choose to use on Substack — for example, if you use Substack to upload video content to YouTube, we collect  account identifiers (including the email address associated with the account), video identifiers, and upload status information associated with the YouTube account you use to upload video content to YouTube; and
any other information you provide us when communicating with us.
We may also collect information about you when one of our users syncs their address book information with our app for contact syncing purposes. This information collection is strictly limited to email addresses and phone numbers, and any information collected in this manner is securely stored only as hashed values.
Finally, we also collect information on the use of our website via Cookies. Please view the section “Cookies” below for more information.
How does Substack use your Personal Information?
We process this Personal Information for the following purposes:
To establish and fulfill a contract with you, for example when you subscribe to a subscription Service. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer service;
As required by Substack to enable our business and pursue our legitimate interests. In particular we use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
to provide services you have requested, and respond to any communications, comments or complaints you send us;
to monitor the use of our services and to help us monitor, improve and protect our services, content and website;
allow you to create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us;
to personalize our services for you and provide recommendations;
to monitor any user accounts to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, misrepresentation, terrorism, security incidents or crime in accordance with applicable law;
to invite you to take part in surveys or market research;
to facilitate contact syncing between users who opt in to our app’s contact syncing functionality;
Where our use of Personal Information is made pursuant to a balancing of our legitimate interests with your privacy interest, we will provide more information about our balancing analysis and process on request. Please send any such requests to privacy@substackinc.com.
Compliance with applicable laws and protection of Substack’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including but not limited to use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
In addition, we will send you, based on your consent (if required), direct marketing communication in relation to our relevant services, or other services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners. You can withdraw your consent at any time ("opt out"); see the section "What are your rights?" below. In case of electronic direct marketing you can opt out by following the instructions in the communication.
In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described in this Privacy Policy.
How will Substack share the Personal Information it receives?
We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described below:
Affiliates:
We may disclose your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and/or corporate affiliates for the purposes as described above.
Creators:
when you subscribe to a Creator’s publication, we provide them the information necessary (including your name and email address) to provide you their publication(s). Please note that Creators control their own publications; accordingly, when you interact with a Creator’s publication in a way that requires your personal information, including when commenting on a publication that you have not subscribed to, that personal information is provided directly to the Creator.
Our Service Providers:
We share your Personal Information with third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf; for example, we use Stripe (a third party payment provider) to receive and process your credit card transactions for us. Such third parties further include, but are not limited to, providers of: website hosting; maintenance services; email services; security services; content delivery networks; customer support operations and software services; traffic and usage analytics services; and cloud storage and computing services.
Third-Party Data Controllers:
We provide integrations with third-party services for you to use at your option. When we do, we only use the Personal Information we collect from the integrated third-party service for the purpose of providing the integration to you, and do not disclose that information except where required by law or as directed by the third-party service. Please keep in mind that you may use an integrated third-party service to send your Personal Information or content to the provider of the integrated third-party service, in which case you should refer to the privacy policy of the applicable third-party service provider to understand how your Personal Information is used. For instance, you may use Substack to upload content to YouTube, in which case the
Google privacy policy
governs how YouTube uses your Personal Information.
Other users:
If your user profile allows it, you may choose to populate certain user profile information, including, without limitation, your name, subscriptions, publications, location, and any image content. Any user profile information uploaded may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the services (including when you post comments or upload images or videos through the services). Your account privacy settings may allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others. Your username and user profile may also be displayed to other users when you interact with a publication post, for instance, by “liking” the post or leaving a comment. You may have the option to allow Substack to share information on what you’ve read or are reading on Substack with the public, or with other accounts socially connected to your own, such as your social media followers. If you opt into contact syncing through our app, your profile information will be shared with any user who has (i) also opted into contact syncing, and who (ii) identified you as a contact.
Prospective sellers or buyers:
We may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the sale or merger of our business or assets (subject to local laws). Also, if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control.
Government authorities, law enforcement officials, and court-ordered disclosures:
If required for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, if mandated by law or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws we may share Personal Information with competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authorities, courts or other tribunals, or with litigants entitled by law to receive personal information, in any jurisdiction or markets, domestic or foreign.
In certain cases, we may anonymize your Personal Information in such a way that you can no longer be identified as an individual, and we reserve the right to use and share such anonymized information to trusted partners not specified here. However, we never disclose aggregated or de-identified information in a manner that could identify you as an individual.
Where will we send your Personal Information?
Substack is established in the US and uses service providers established both in the US and in other countries to process Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. As such, your Personal Information may be shared internationally.
Does Substack participate in the Data Privacy Framework?
To facilitate the lawful import of Personal Information from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and the Swiss Confederation, Substack participates in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (each, a “DPF”). To verify our participation, please consult the
Data Privacy Framework List
.
When we receive Personal Information under a DPF, the
DPF Principles
apply to our processing of that information. Under any DPF, we are accountable for the onward transfer of Personal Information, and only transfer Personal Information received pursuant to a DPF under agreements that provide the same protections as the DPF. Our adherence to the DPFs specified above is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
In the event of a dispute between you and us regarding our use of Personal Information under a DPF, we ask that you first raise the dispute with us directly at privacy@substackinc.com. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
If you have a “residual claim” regarding our use of your Personal Information under a DPF that is unresolved after (i) direct contact with us; (ii) your use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (iii) your raising the issue with your data protection authority, you have the the right to seek redress through binding arbitration in accordance with the applicable DPF.
Is Personal Information about you secure?
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, failure of the services, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Privacy and your direct messages
You can use Substack to send direct messages to other Substack users, and to receive direct messages from other Substack users.
Please note that, at this time, direct messages are not end-to-end encrypted, and are not a substitute for secure messaging services.
Direct messaging contents are disclosed to their intended recipients. Recipients of direct messages may keep those messages even if you request their deletion, and even if you delete your Substack account. Keep in mind that recipients of your direct messages do not necessarily have any obligation to keep them private.
We will only disclose direct message contents to people other than the intended recipients in very limited circumstances where allowed or required by law, for example, in response to valid court orders or in emergency situations involving danger of death or serious physical injury. While we maintain strict internal access controls on direct messaging content, keep in mind that Substack personnel may access the contents of direct messages to enforce our Terms of Use, ensure the security of our platform, to provide user support, or as otherwise necessary to provide our services. We may also use automated means to ensure the safety of direct messaging content, including scanning for spam, malicious content, and child abuse material.
Privacy and SMS Services
If you provide us with your phone number, we may use a third-party service provider to verify your phone number with an SMS text message. Information regarding this SMS verification is used only for verification purposes, and is not shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes.
What are your rights?
Depending on applicable local laws, you may be entitled to ask Substack for a copy of your Personal Information, to correct it, erase or restrict its processing, or to ask us to transfer some of this information to other organizations. You may also have rights to object to some processing activities or to request restriction of some processing activities. Where we have asked for your consent to process your Personal Information, you may also have the right to withdraw this consent. These rights may be limited in some situations or in accordance with applicable law – for example, we cannot delete your Personal Information when we can demonstrate that we have a legal obligation to retain it. In some instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if you withdraw your consent or you delete your account.
Where we require Personal Information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such information is mandatory: if such information is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship, or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of requested personal data is optional. Please note we will always inform you where the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or optional.
We hope that we can satisfy any queries you may have about the way we process your Personal Information. If you have any concerns about how we process your Personal Information, or would like to opt out of marketing, you can get in touch at privacy@substackinc.com.
If you are a California consumer, please see the section further below titled “Additional Notices for California Residents” for more notices regarding your Personal Information.
You can access, edit, or delete some personal information by yourself
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:
name and password
email address
user profile information, including images you may have uploaded to the site
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the services change. If you'd like to delete your account, you can do so from your
account page
.
Where you have directed third-party services to provide Personal Information to us, you can direct those third-party service providers to stop providing us your Personal Information. For example, you can use your
Google security settings
page to revoke our access to information from your YouTube account.
If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at privacy@substackinc.com.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences or by contacting us at privacy@substackinc.com.
We remind you that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any processing of your Personal Information by Substack as a data processor on behalf of a Creator. A Creator’s own terms and policies govern its use of Personal Information it collects on the Creator’s subdomain on the services, including their own marketing emails and other communications.
You have the right to complain to your local data protection authority
In the event you have unresolved concerns, please note that you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries are available
here
.
How long will Substack retain your data?
We retain information about you only for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We may retain your Personal Information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
We may use the information we collect to profile you in order to suggest content on our platform that is relevant to your interests. We also use automated systems to help flag content that may violate our
Content Guidelines
or our
Terms of Use
. At this time, no final content moderation decisions are made without human review of any automated decisions.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files sent by a web server to your web browser and saved locally on your computer. The cookie allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. Cookies do not cause any harm to your computer and do not contain viruses.
We use the following categories of cookies on our website:
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for such as remembering your login details or data provided for a purchase cannot be provided.
Name
_cf_clearance
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Used to grant access to Substack’s servers from its CDN
Lifetime
30 minutes
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
_cf_bm
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Used to block bot access to the site.
Lifetime
30 minutes
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
substack.sid / connect.sid
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Session identifier (login, etc)
Lifetime
90 days max
Domain
.substack.com
Name
_substack.lli_
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Communicates login state across first party domains.
Lifetime
90 days max
Domain
.substack.com
Name
cookie_storage_key
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Allows storage of user cookie preferences
Lifetime
90 days max
Domain
.substack.com
Category 2: Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information on how people use our website. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Name
visit_id
Type
Persistent
Purpose
First-party analytics tracking.
Lifetime
30 minutes
Domain
.substack.com
Name
ajs_anonymous_id
Type
Persistent
Purpose
First-party analytics tracking.
Lifetime
365 days
Domain
.substack.com
Name
ab_testing_id
Type
Persistent
Purpose
First-party analytics tracking.
Lifetime
1 year
Domain
.substack.com
Name
ga_family
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Third-party analytics tracking.
Lifetime
2 years
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
muxData
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Anonymous video metric collection and aggregation.
Lifetime
2 years
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
dd_s
Type
Persistent
Purpose
To identify and diagnose technical problems on the site.
Lifetime
4 hours
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
fs_uid
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Used to track user actions across the site for debugging purposes.
Lifetime
1 year
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
ab_experiment_sampled
Type
Persistent
Purpose
First-party analytics tracking.
Lifetime
1 year
Domain
.substack.com
Category 3: Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember choices you make such as the country you visit our website from, language and search parameters. These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make the visits more tailored and pleasant.
Name
like_upsell_last_shown_at
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Prevents users from repeatedly being shown features.
Lifetime
10 years
Domain
.substack.com
Name
AWSALBTG
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Ensures a consistent user experience across network requests.
Lifetime
2 years
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
zlcmid
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Stores visitor’s machine-id for authentication with Zendesk chat widget.
Lifetime
1 year
Domain
.substack.com
Vendor Privacy Policy
Link
Name
hideCookieBanner
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Remembers that the user dismissed cookie banner.
Lifetime
365 days
Domain
.substack.com
Name
intro_popup_last_hidden_at
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Prevents showing introductory information the user has already seen.
Lifetime
10 years
Domain
.substack.com
Name
chatbot_terms_last_accepted_at
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Prevents users from repeatedly having to accept chatbot terms
Lifetime
10 years
Domain
.substack.com
Name
preferred_language
Type
Persistent
Purpose
Stores the user's preferred language
Lifetime
Session
Domain
.substack.com
Creator cookies
In addition to the cookies Substack uses, Creators on Substack may choose to set certain tracking and analytics cookies, subject to the Creator’s own terms and policies. These Creator cookies may include cookies set by third parties such as Twitter, Facebook, Google, and Parse.ly.
Disabling and opting-out of cookies
Substack is rolling out a detailed cookie management system for users in select jurisdictions that can be used to disable all cookies except for necessary cookies. If you do not see this system, please note that current versions of web browsers offer enhanced user controls regarding the placement and duration of both first and third party cookies. Search for "cookies" under your web browser's “Help menu” for more information on cookie management features available to you. You can enable or disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. You can also find out how to do this, and find more information on cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org. However, if you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you may be unable to complete certain activities on our websites or to correctly access certain parts of it. If you would like more information about interest-based advertising, including how to opt-out of these cookies, please visit http://youronlinechoices.eu/.
Information Collected From Other Websites and Do Not Track Policy
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our website. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the services and after you leave our services.
Questions about this policy?
The data controller for this processing is Substack, Inc.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to privacy@substackinc.com or contact us at:
Substack Inc.
548 Market Street PMB 72296
San Francisco, CA 94104
USA
T +1 (415) 592-7299
If you are located in the EEA or the United Kingdom and have questions about your personal data or would like to request to access, update, or delete it, you may contact our local representatives at:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services
Zuid-Hollandplein 22
2596 AW The Hague
The Netherlands
EUrepresentative.Substack@twobirds.com
or
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services UK
12 New Fetter Lane
London
EC4A 1JP
United Kingdom
UKrepresentative.Substack@twobirds.com
Additional Notices for California Residents
Substack has prepared additional disclosures and notices consistent with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Our CCPA Policy, the terms of which are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy, can be found
here
.
Cookie Policy
We use necessary cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we also set performance and functionality cookies that help us make improvements by measuring traffic on our site and we process respective personal data. You can withdraw your consent at any time. For more detailed information about the cookies, your personal data and your rights, please see our
privacy policy
.
Manage Cookies
Only Necessary
Accept all
This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please
turn on JavaScript
or unblock scripts
Sub-policy 23
http://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl