Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs voicetube.com's ("we", "us" or "VoiceTube") treatment of personally identifiable information that VoiceTube collects when you use the voicetube.com website (the "Site"), when you share information about yourself on our Site as well as when you provide information to us in any medium.
Information we collect
User Provided Information
VoiceTube collects personal information from you when you register on the Site, update your profile, interact with other users, and use various features of the Site. To register with VoiceTube, you must provide a user name, password, native language, and email address. When you register you may also provide your country, gender, English ability and other information. Once you are a registered user of VoiceTube you may be given the option to add additional personal information to your profile. We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the Site, including content you view linked from the Site and VoiceTube points that you have earned, which will also be displayed on the Site. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information, and we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes and promotions offered on the Site. We use this information to continually offer you the most value as a user of the Site.
Tracking Technology
VoiceTube logs IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Site. We may track your movement within the Site, the third-party website pages from which you were referred, your use of the media player, access times and browser types. We use this information to gauge the effectiveness of our Site, track information for statistical purposes and to improve the products and services we provide. We store information that we collect through cookies, log files and other tracking technology such as clear gifs. We use cookies on the Site. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Persistent cookies are used to differentiate visitors of the Site from registered users, to customize the content of certain sections of the Site and to enable us to track and cater to the interests of users, in order to enhance their experience on the Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site may be limited and you may not be able to use certain features of the Site.
Supplemental Information
We may supplement the information you provide us by acquiring commercially available demographic and marketing information from third parties, for instance, to update your information and to create a profile of your preferences. We may tie your personally identifiable information to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the Site for you or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you.
Advertisements
We may from time to time use various outside ad-serving companies and affiliates to serve advertisements on the Site. In the process of serving advertisements, the ad serving companies may place a cookie in your browser's cookie file and may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements on the Site about products and services that may be of interest to you. By delivering ads on the Site, the ad-server is able to record what ads a user -- identified by the unique cookie -- has seen, and what pages the user was viewing when the ads were delivered. This web usage information is combined with other ad delivery information the ad-server has collected from your visits to the Site and other websites not affiliated with VoiceTube. This non-personally identifiable information is used as part of the ad-serving process for reporting and to select and direct the ads you see online at the Site and other websites not affiliated with VoiceTube.
Surveys or Promotions.
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions promoted on the Site, which might be sponsored or conducted by VoiceTube or by a third party. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these promotions is completely voluntary and you will have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information. If there is a third party sponsor involved please make sure to review that third party's privacy policy.
Use of Personal Information
When you register
When you register with VoiceTube, you can create your own profile. If your profile is visible, your profile information, as well as your name and picture are displayed to other registered users as well as visitors to the Site.
Our Use
We receive and store any personal information you enter on the Site or give to us voluntarily in any other way and may use it to contact you from time to time. This means we may contact you by email, phone and/or cell number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving (e.g. video etc.). We may also send you information or offers from time to time to a postal address or email address we have on file. If you provide your name for a promotional offer to enter a sweepstakes or contest, and win a prize, we will post a winner's list online, and will file your name with state agencies if required by law.
Vendors
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples might include sending email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links and providing customer service. They have access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Third Party Offers
We may share personally identifiable information with third parties in order to have them send you special offers and promotions or other information we think you might find of interest. We ourselves will also occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, promotions, or information which we have found that may be of interest to our users and subscribers. If you do not want us to use the information you provide in order to inform you of products and services we think might interest you, or provide your information to third party companies, it is your obligation to please let us know, by contacting us at
service@voicetube.com
.
Invite a Friend
If you do become a registered user, you can also share links to videos on the Site with other individuals by providing us with their email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential users, we will send them an email message including a link to the Site, and we may include an invitation to join VoiceTube. The only way these individuals can become registered users, however, is if they come to our Site and register themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes.
Other Uses
We may use your personal information to contact you about VoiceTube's products or services, or for other purposes in which you have expressed an interest, for example, if you have contacted customer service or made an inquiry.
Service Related Announcements
We will provide you with service and account related announcements on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a service or product is delayed we might send you an email, or other message, or if there is some service issue with something you might have ordered. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to cancel your registration on our Site by sending an email to us at
service@voicetube.com
.
Exceptional Circumstances
If VoiceTube, Inc., or any of its lines of businesses or affiliated companies, is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant databases of VoiceTube could, in whole or in part, be sold as part of that transaction. Therefore, information about registered users of and visitors to the Site, including recordings and personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business or sale or pledge of our company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. Information about our users, including personal information and user recordings, may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where VoiceTube, Inc., or an affiliate, seeks financing, investment, support or funding. We also may have to release personally identifying information when it is necessary to comply with judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of VoiceTube, its users or others.
Important disclosures and practices
A Note about International Users
The VoiceTube Site is located in the United States and other countries. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, you should be aware that your information collected on this Site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which VoiceTube, or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, including hosting services or servers, and by providing your information to this Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your information outside of your country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning this Site.
Children's Privacy
VoiceTube does not permit participation or visitation by children. Visitors who are known to be under the age of 14 are prohibited from becoming registered users. VoiceTube does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 14.
VOICETUBE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT, LOSS, ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION LAWFULLY PROVIDED BY VOICETUBE TO THIRD PARTIES, OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND VOICETUBE.
Choice and opt out
You may opt-out of use of your information as set forth above by emailing us at
service@voicetube.com
or by setting your own preferences online for receipt of VoiceTube marketing and promotional emails. For instance, if you do not want us to use your email address or other contact information to provide you with offers, or no longer wish to receive our email newsletter, you may opt-out of receiving it by opting out on your "My Account" page, by following the instructions included in each newsletter or by emailing us at
service@voicetube.com
.
Access to your information
Updating Your Personal Information.
If you are a registered user, you can update your personally identifiable information at any time. To do this, just click on the "My Account" link under your user name on the top right of the Site , and then click on "Personal Info" to edit your profile. You may also select "unsubscribe" on the "Personal Info" page to have your email address removed from our mailing list. However, we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information VoiceTube has on file is not correct, or should you wish to have your email address removed from our mailing list or registration/contact information changed or updated, please contact us at
service@voicetube.com
. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files, however, to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use, or due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Site.
Data Deletion Request
Should you require the removal of your personal data from VoiceTube, please initiate your request by contacting our customer service team at
service@voicetube.com
, indicating "Data Deletion Request" in the subject line. You will be guided through a verification process to confirm your identity. Upon successful verification, we will proceed with your data deletion within a timeframe of 90 business days. Be advised that this process is irreversible, and once completed, your data cannot be recovered.For a detailed account deletion process, please refer to the following link:
How to delete my account
.
How VoiceTube protects your information
We have security procedures for the storage and disclosure of personal information, which you have given us in order to prevent unauthorized access. Keep in mind however, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. The Site may also contain links to other Web Sites. Keep in mind that VoiceTube does not control, and is not responsible for, the privacy or security practices or the content of these other web sites.
Third party service
To provide users with comprehensive quality service, certain functions adopt the YouTube API Services. Users using our service are deemed to have fully understood and agrees to comply with the
YouTube Terms of Service
,
Google Privacy Policy
, and any other relevant terms and policies stated. You can modify your scope of authorization via the settings function in your
Google Account
.
Disputes
If you choose to visit the Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and specifically the laws of the State of Massachusetts.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy contact us at
service@voicetube.com
with a thorough description of your concerns or questions.
Modification of Privacy Policy
The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is set forth below. Please make special note of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information or how we keep your purchases anonymous, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. Your continued use of the Site constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment by you of the Privacy Policy's modifications and your agreement to abide and be bound by the Privacy Policy as modified.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.