Your download should begin shortly. Feel free to check any of our other products.
Cinemagraph Pro for macOS
Cinemagraph Pro for iOS
Persecond for macOS
Blendeo for iOS
Add your watermarks in the app!
The latest versions of Cinemagraph Pro and Cinemagraph Pro for iOS now allow you to add images to your cinemagraphs!
Download
Flixel Privacy Policy
This website and products are owned and operated by Flixel Photos Inc. (“Flixel”), of Canada. At Flixel, we recognize that people are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. Our Privacy Policy is based on Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and The Canadian Standards Association’s Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information. It also reflects our own belief about what is the right thing to do. We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check back if you are a regular visitor. It is important that you read and understand the operation and use of our privacy policy and how it affects you because of the nature of our website and products.
Your use and access to this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By viewing or using this site, you agree to be bound by these terms, conditions, and laws. If you do not agree with any provision in this Privacy Policy and these Terms of Service, please do not use this site.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators and digital products, Flixel collects non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Flixel’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Flixel’s visitors use its website and digital products. From time to time, Flixel may release non-personally identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website and digital products.
Flixel also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged-in users and for users creating content and leaving comments on digital products. Flixel only discloses logged-in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment is left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Visitors to Flixel's website and digital products voluntarily interact with Flixel in ways that may require Flixel to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Flixel gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account on
https://flixel.com
to provide a username and email address. In each case, Flixel collects only such information as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purposes set out in this privacy policy, including the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Flixel and improve its products and services. Flixel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website and digital products-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Flixel may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its website and digital products. Flixel may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Flixel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Flixel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Flixel’s behalf or to provide services available at Flixel’s website and digital products, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Flixel’s website and digital products you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Flixel will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Flixel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Flixel believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Flixel, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of the Flixel website and have supplied your email address, Flixel may send you email communications to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up-to-date with what’s going on with Flixel and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Flixel takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Flixel uses cookies to help Flixel identify and track visitors, their usage of the Flixel website and digital products, and their website and digital products preferences. Flixel visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Flixel’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Flixel’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites and digital products may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Flixel and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers not affiliated with Flixel.
Flixel digital products such as Cinemagraph Pro for iOS, Cinemagraph Pro for macOS, and Persecond for macOS are free to download with in-app Paid features that are subject to change anytime without prior notice. Flixel will do its best to supplement any existing features bought with more improved features updated that are of similar effect at no extra charge. Due to Flixel’s commitment in providing the fastest and best visual experience possible, we reserve the right to modify any Pro features in the future. In essence, a paid feature is owned for as long as the feature is available in the app and we reserve the right to eliminate or modify them anytime.
Unsolicited Ideas
Flixel cannot protect your unsolicited ideas, suggestions, or materials related to our products, and we reserve the right to share non-personal information received via this site with the public. We do not seek unsolicited ideas, suggestions, or materials related to our products other than in some surveys for feedback to improve the customer experience. If you do not want Flixel to use your ideas to improve our products, please do not submit them to us.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Flixel may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Flixel’s sole discretion. Flixel encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site and digital products after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Personal Information of Minor Children
Important Note to Parents: Flixel does not include information or content on this site that is intentionally directed at children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children on our site. All of our contests require that participants be adults. Important Note to Children: Before providing your name, address, email address, or any other personal information to anyone on the Internet, be sure to ask your parents if it is okay.
Contact Information
In certain jurisdictions, you may have the right to know what personal information Flixel has related to you, to have access to that personal information and to have it corrected or annotated if it is inaccurate. To exercise this right, contact Flixel’s privacy contact as set out below.
If you have any questions about your personal information or this Privacy Policy, email us at
support@flixel.com
. Our mailing address is 488 Wellington Street West, Suite 304, Toronto, ON M5V 1E3.