iSpring Privacy Policy
Review date: November 10, 2023
Contents
Introduction
Agreement to this Policy
GDPR Compliance
International Transfer of Personal Data
How iSpring determine your location
How iSpring may collect information about you in our role as data controller
What information iSpring may collect about you in our role as data controller
Why iSpring processes your personal information in our role as data controller
How we share your personal information in our role as data controller
iSpring in its role as processor
Legal bases for processing
How we store and secure information we collect
How long we keep information (retention procedures)
How you can access and control your information
United States - California residents
How to exercise your privacy rights under the CCPA
Notice to End Users
Our policy towards children
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us
Introduction
iSpring respects your right to privacy and we understand that, when you visit our websites and use our products and services or otherwise interact with us (for example, by viewing our webinars), you prefer to control the way you share your personal information (“Personal Data”  as defined below) and preferences. iSpring offers a wide range of products, including desktop products, web-based services, custom, and support services. We refer to all of these software products, together with our other services and websites, as “Services” in this Privacy Policy.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “iSpring,” “us,” “we,” and “our” mean either iSpring Group FZCO, the United Arab Emirates company, or a company indicated on the
Company page
, as the case may be.
The terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refer to Sites visitors, customers and any other users of the Sites and the Services. For more information about iSpring companies please visit the company
page
.
The term “Personal Data” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual. It does not include aggregated or deidentified information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual.
iSpring collects, stores, uses and discloses the following categories of Personal Data:
(1)  Customer Data: Personal Data concerning our business customers’ (“Customers”) internal focal persons who directly engage with iSpring concerning their organizational account, and users of the Services on behalf of such Customers, e.g., the account administrators and users, billing contacts and authorized signatories on behalf of the Customer; as well as the Customer’s business needs and preferences, as identified to us or recognized through our engagement with them;
(2) User Data: Personal Data that we process and manage on behalf of our Customers, as part of our Services.
We process such User Data on behalf of and under the instruction of the respective Customer, in accordance with our
Data Processing Agreement
with them. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy (which describes iSpring’s privacy and data processing practices) does not apply to such processing done on its Customers’ behalf. To learn about the privacy policy and practices of our Customer, please contact them directly.
(3)    Prospect Data: data relating to visitors of our Sites, participants at our events, and any other prospective customer, user or partner (collectively, “Prospects”) who visits or otherwise interacts with our Sites, online ads and content, emails, integrations or communications under our control.
iSpring have developed this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to ensure you understand how we collect, use, disclose, and store your Personal Data. The Policy applies to your interactions with iSpring websites which receive data and are linking to this Privacy Policy (the “Sites”). It does not apply to iSpring Sites that do not display or linked to this Privacy Policy or that have their own privacy policy. It also does not apply to iSpring services and products unless they are linking to this Privacy Policy.
Agreement to this Policy
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Services.
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you have read this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time. If You continue to use our Services after we make changes, your use is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates. The date that this Policy was last amended is set out at the top of the Policy and is described as the Policy’s “Review Date”.
GDPR Compliance
iSpring complies with the Regulation 2016/679/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (“GDPR”). iSpring acts as both a data controller and a data processor under GDPR.
iSpring has implemented the following requirements under the GDPR, including but not limited to:
A record of your Personal Data processing activities;
Adequate organizational and technical protection measures;
Request forms and internal instructions for Privacy by Design & Default, Data Portability, and Data Subject Rights like the Right to be Forgotten.
International Transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States of America and other countries.  Your Personal Data may be processed outside of your jurisdiction wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you with the Services. The Personal Data of individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Union (EU), Switzerland and the United Kingdom is stored and processed on servers based in Ireland and Germany and stored as backup in Germany. Regardless of where your information is stored or processed, we apply the same protections described in this Policy and ensure that the third-party recipients of your Personal Data offer an adequate level of protection and security. We use
the Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
as part of an applicable license or service agreement or other written or electronic agreement between you and iSpring for the purchase of iSpring Services. We also use the
Standard Contractual Clauses
approved by the European Commission as a means of ensuring adequate protection when transferring data outside of the EEA, EU, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Data Protection Officer
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted in writing at dpo@ispring.com
How iSpring determines your location
iSpring Sites you access, can determine your physical geographical location in a few ways. Your IP address reveals your general area, unless you use a VPN. iSpring Sites can also ask for a more precise location when you purchase iSpring Services to determine the iSpring Company which will provide the Services to you, process your Personal Data and how much local tax iSpring will charge on the Services.
How iSpring may collect information about you in our role as data controller
We collect information about you and determine the purposes and means of processing our Customers’ and Prospects’ Personal Data in our role as data controller when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Site account and Profile Information:
We collect information about you when you order Services from iSpring, register to create a site account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Services.
Information you provide through our support center:
The Services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service. Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
Subscription to iSpring newsletters and webinars.
We collect information about you when you subscribe to our webinars and newsletters provided through e-mail, SMS or messengers services. You can set your communication preferences from your site account or opt-out at any time.
Information You provide through our chat services
when contact with iSpring in a chat session.
This Privacy also applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you:
Visit our branded social media pages;
Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs or contests;
Participate in community; or
Participate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.
Your use of the Services:
We keep track of certain information about you when you interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; information about the system configuration, PowerPoint version you use; time you spent using the Services; the links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; frequently used search terms; and how you interact with others on the Services.
Device and Connection Information:
We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.
Cookies:
iSpring uses essential first-party cookies to provide functionality of the Sites and to recognize you across different Services and devices, and third-party cookies for analytics and content-sharing. iSpring uses Google Analytics (Google LLC, US) cookies to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. These cookies allow us to track and analyze data traffic and are used to track the behavior of the user, to improve the user experience.
For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
, which includes information on how to control or opt-out of the cookies and other tracking technologies.
Information we receive from other sources
We receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services, from our related companies, and from our business partners.
Other users of the Services:
Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they submit content through the Services. For example, you may be mentioned in a support ticket opened by someone else. We also receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services. Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or technical contact on your company's site account.
iSpring Partners:
We work with a global network of partners who help us to market and promote our products, generate leads for us, and resell our products. Some of these partners provide consulting, training, and other services connected to our products. We receive information from these partners, such as contact information, company name, what iSpring products you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, and what country you are in.
Other Partners:
We receive information about you and your activities on the Services from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with our Services and online advertisements.
Information we receive from third-party integrations.
If, when using the iSpring Web services, You or Your administrator choose to use or connect to third-party integrations (e.g., YouTube, Zoom) through the iSpring web services, such third parties may allow iSpring to have access to and store additional information about Your interaction with those services as it relates to your use of the iSpring web services. If You initiate these connections, You also understand that iSpring will share information about You that is required to enable Your use of the third-party integration through the iSpring web services. If You do not wish to have this information shared, do not initiate these connections. By enabling these connections, You authorize iSpring to connect and access the information provided through these connections, and You understand that the privacy policies of these third parties govern such connections.
YouTube API Services:
Our Services include YouTube API Services. By accessing or using our Services, You agree to YouTube's Terms of Service (
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
) and Google Privacy Policy at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
The Zoom Apps:
Our Services are integrated with the Zoom Meetings and Zoom Webinars (Zoom Apps). By accessing or using our Services, You agree to Zoom Privacy Statement at
https://zoom.us/privacy#_Toc44414847
.
What information iSpring may collect about you in our role as data controller
iSpring may collect the following information about you:
Your name, email address, phone number, company name, title and business/private address;
Your iSpring site account information – such as iSpring Services you ordered, domain name registration information, the IP addresses assigned to you, the use of iSpring Services or any other information related to your site account;
Your contact with iSpring – such as a note or recording of a call you make to iSpring, a chat record when you engage in a chat session with iSpring through a chat service, SMS or a messenger, an email or letter you send to iSpring or other records of any contact you have with iSpring;
The e-mail addresses of the users who receive the results of the test or dialogue simulations if the software product with test or dialogue simulations functionality uses the function of collecting user data with sending to an email address;
The e-mail addresses of the users who pass tests or dialogue simulations created using the software product with test/simulation functionality if the software product uses the function of collecting user data with sending to e-mail addresses. You may create tests or simulations with a user input form by sending the test results to the server. Then iSpring does not receive any data, and all the data will be sent immediately to Your server;
The e-mail addresses of the users (instructors) who receive the results of the test or dialogue simulations of other users to review the test or quiz. You are responsible for submitting the correct e-mail addresses while using this functionality;
Information provided by you to iSpring when you notify iSpring of a (suspected) breach of acceptable use of iSpring Services;
Your photo when you send us a testimonial and video footage of you when we record your video review about iSpring Services;
The information you provide using YouTube API Features and functionality;
The information you provide using the Zoom Apps features and functionality.
Why iSpring processes your personal information in our role as data controller
iSpring processes your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Processing of orders and provision of Services;
Sending test or dialogue simulations results to You or users of the test or dialogue simulations;
Conducting market research, conducting retention and customer satisfaction surveys, conducting marketing activities (including through e-mail, SMS and messengers newsletters, social media and onsite/offsite and online/offline advertisement), conducting sales activities (including analyzing your Personal Data and your use of iSpring Services for making (personalized) offers and quotes with the aim of entering into a customer relationship, and/or maintaining, renewing or expanding a customer relationship);
Communicating with customers (a) to provide information about Services of iSpring and affiliated companies, (b) to provide information about offers, orders, provision of Services, order status and payment, (c) to provide support and maintenance services, (d) to handle complaints, (e) to answer questions from (potential) customers, and (f) to remind you of subscription expirations by sending you e-mail/SMS/messengers notifications. These communications are part of the Services and in most cases, you cannot opt out of them.  If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings.
Investigating and processing suspected violations of acceptable use of iSpring Services;
Complying with statutory obligations, including (a) provision of data to authorized authorities in the context of criminal investigations, (b) complying with (applicable) data retention obligations, and (c) the provision to third parties of Personal Data concerning customers in connection with an infringement of these third parties’ rights.
How we share your personal information in our role as data controller
iSpring is not using your personal information with the purposes of selling. There are, however, certain circumstances in which iSpring may share and disclose Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as described below.
Please contact us at
support@ispring.com
to opt out of the information sharing with a third party:
iSpring may engage selected third-party companies to perform services complementary to our own. Such service providers include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks, chat and messengers services, data security services, billing and payment processing services, fraud detection and prevention services, web and product analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session or activity recording services, remote access services, content transcription and analysis services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, social and advertising networks, content and data enrichment providers, event production and hosting services, e-mail, voicemails, support, enablement and customer relation management systems (collectively, “Service Providers“). Our Service Providers may have access to personal information, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use the data as determined in our agreements with them. In such instances, our Service Providers processing such data will assume the role of “data sub-processor”;
iSpring may share and disclose your Personal Data to authorized resellers, partners involved in delivering the Services, so that they can provide timely, helpful information about iSpring Services. iSpring resellers and partners are contractually obligated to abide by iSpring privacy policy, preventing them from sharing your information with any other third parties. You can find more information regarding iSpring authorized resellers and partners here
https://www.ispringsolutions.com/resellers
;
You may choose to use a third-party service to integrate with our Services, for example in order to upload or retrieve Personal Data to or from the Services, or to enrich the data you have processed on either service or enhance your usage thereof (provided that such integration is supported by our Services). The provider of this integrated third-party service may receive certain relevant data about or from your account on the Services, or share certain relevant data from your account on the third-party provider’s service with our Services, depending on the nature and purpose of such integration. This could include your Customer Data and/or User Data;
iSpring may share Personal Data internally within
iSpring Companies
, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should iSpring Companies or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates undergo any change in control or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all or part of its assets, Personal Data may be shared with or transferred to the parties involved in such an event. iSpring may disclose personal data to a third-party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. Personal data may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership;
An iSpring customer, if you notify iSpring that this customer’s use of iSpring Services violates the acceptable terms of use of iSpring Services or applicable law;
A third party that has claimed that your use of the iSpring Services violates the acceptable use of iSpring Services or applicable law (to the extent such sharing is required by law);
Should iSpring sell, merge or transfer any part of iSpring business, part of that sale may include your Personal Data. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets;
In certain situations, iSpring may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by law enforcement agencies, regulatory organizations, courts or public authorities to the extent required by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
iSpring in its role as data processor
iSpring is the “data processor” of User Data, which we process on behalf of our Customer (who is the “data controller” of such data; and our Service Providers who process such User Data on our behalf are the “sub-processors” of such data.
iSpring is both a “data controller” and “data processor” of Customer Data. Such data is processed by iSpring for its own purposes (as described above), as an independent ‘controller’; whilst those certain portions of it which are included in User Data will be processed by us on our Customer’s behalf, as a ‘data processor’.
Accordingly, iSpring processes User Data strictly in accordance with our Customer’s reasonable instructions and as further stipulated in our Data Processing Agreement and other commercial agreements with such Customer.
Personal information and content you provide through iSpring web-based services.
iSpring Customers are solely responsible for determining whether and how they wish to use our Services, and for ensuring that all individuals using the Services on the Customer’s behalf or at their request, as well as all individuals whose personal data may be included in Customer Data processed through the Services, have been provided with adequate notice and given informed consent to the processing of their personal data, where such consent is necessary or advised, and that all legal requirements applicable to the collection, recording, use or other processing of data through our Services are fully met by the Customer, including specifically in the context of an employment relationship. When Customers and iSpring partners use iSpring web-based services to process Personal Data in their content, iSpring acts as a data processor. The Customer of iSpring that owns an account in iSpring web-based services will be responsible for determining the purposes and means of the processing of the content and any Personal Data provided by Users of the account, and this iSpring Customer (or its end users) will be the data controller in regards to such processing.
Personal information and content you provide using YouTube API and the Zoom Apps features and functionality.
When customers and iSpring partners use YouTube API and the Zoom App integrated into iSpring Web-based services to process Personal Data in their content, iSpring acts as a data processor. The customer of iSpring that owns an account in iSpring web-based services will be responsible for determining the purposes and means of the processing of the content and any Personal Data provided by end-users using YouTube API and the Zoom Apps, and this iSpring customer (or its end users) will be the data controller in regards to such processing.
The owner of an account in iSpring web-based services has the right to update the email address associated with his account or deactivate an account by submitting a written request to
support@ispring.com
.
If at any time iSpring has access to Personal Data stored in the account owned by an iSpring customer, then iSpring shall be a data sub-processor, and any actions performed by iSpring in relation to such data shall be solely governed by the agreement concluded between us and the iSpring customer.
Legal ground for processing
If you are an individual located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Union (EU), Switzerland or the United Kingdom, we collect and process information about you only where we have legal grounds for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal ground depends on the Services you use and how you use them. To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Performance of a contract:
the use of your information is necessary to provide you the Services, customer support, and personalized features. If you order and use our Services, we will use your information to carry out our obligation to complete and administer that Services under the contract that we have with you;
Legitimate interests:
the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, namely for information security. We also want to provide you with the best suitable content of the website, to improve and promote our products and services and the content on our website, and for administrative, fraud detection and legal purposes;
Consent:
we may rely on your consent to use your Personal Data for specific purposes, for example, for sending newsletters and for certain direct marketing purposes.
How we store and secure information we collect
Information storage.
We use data hosting service providers in the United States, Ireland and Germany to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.
Technical and organizational security procedures and data transfers.
We observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access to and the misuse of your Personal Data. We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard your Personal Data. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the Personal Data on our servers. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access Personal Data in the course of their work.
For more information on where we store your information and our security measures, please contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below.
How long we keep information (retention procedures)
iSpring will store your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary in order to maintain and expand our relationship and provide you with our Services and offerings; in order to comply with our legal and contractual obligations; or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (i.e. as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, records and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), all in accordance with our data retention policy and this Policy. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and the applicable legal requirements.
If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us by e-mail at
support@ispring.com
.
Site account information:
We retain your site account information for as long as your site account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services. We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
Information you share on the Services:
If your site account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of the Services. For example, we continue to display messages you sent to the users that received them and continue to display the content you provided.
Managed accounts:
If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account.
Marketing information:
If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your iSpring site account. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Information you provide using the Zoom Apps features and functionality.
During integration with the Zoom App, iSpring retains the following information:
Zoom access keys
Zoom event IDs
at the end of an event, we request statistics on users who have attended the event.
When the integration with the Zoom Apps is disabled, iSpring does not delete the event attendance statistics (except access keys and event identifiers) that is associated with users in iSpring web services, and could have been modified by iSpring system administrator. iSpring retains these statistics to ensure the integrity of Your account within iSpring web services. You can delete these data using iSpring web services administrator panel.
iSpring Web Services do not require an email address for registration for a webinar when You use the Zoom Webinar App. For Your convenience, iSpring transmits a special pregenerated email address to the Zoom Webinar App when you register for an event, which acts as a substitute for your real email address. Thus, connecting the integration through iSpring Web Services does not require Your (or end users’) email addresses, and iSpring also does not transfer Your email addresses to third parties.
How you can access and control your information
Subject to some limits, you have certain rights regarding your Personal Data and the processing thereof. PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR CUSTOMERS CONTROL AND MAINTAIN ACCESS TO THEIR DATA THAT IS STORED BY ISPRING, AND WE MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO THE DATA MAINTAINED BY OUR CUSTOMERS OR EVEN KNOW WHAT DATA IS BEING MAINTAINED.
You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format. If you are an end-user and the Services are administered for you by an administrator (see section "Notice to End Users" below), you may need to contact your administrator to assist with your requests first. For all other requests, you may contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance.
Your rights:
You can access and update your information in your site account at any time;
You can deactivate your site account if you no longer wish to use our Services;
You can request the information iSpring has collected about you;
You can request that we make changes to the Personal Data you have seen, but cannot change in your site account;
You also have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your Personal Data (right to be forgotten);
In addition, you may, under certain circumstances, have the right to restriction of the processing of your Personal Data;
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your Personal Data;
You have the right to receive your Personal Data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller when the processing is based on your consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract (the right to data portability);
You can opt-out of promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your site account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database. Even after you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services. You can opt-out of some notification messages in your site account settings;
You can opt out of our use of cookies: relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in our
Cookie Policy.
You can manage cookies and similar technologies on the Sites by clicking the button “Manage your cookies” and making a choice.
iSpring acknowledges that you have the right to access the personal information that we maintain about you. If you seek access, or seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, you should direct your query to
support@ispring.com
. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Consent and withdrawal of consent.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time by giving us notice. Upon receipt of a notice where your consent is withdrawn, we will without undue delay stop processing your Personal Data to the extent it is required under the law. Please use the contact information at the bottom of the page should you wish to withdraw your consent given under this privacy statement. To limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to
support@ispring.com
.
United States - California residents
This section provides additional details about the personal information iSpring collects about California customers as well as the rights of California consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
How iSpring Collects, Uses, and Discloses your Personal Data.
The section “What information iSpring may collect about you in our role as data controller” describes in detail the Personal Data iSpring may have collected over the last 12 months, including identification information, internet activity information. iSpring have collected such Personal Data directly from you and from your interaction with the site and the Services.
iSpring collects this information for the purposes described in the “What information iSpring may collect about you in our role as data controller” and “Why iSpring processes your personal information in our role as data controller" sections. iSpring shares this information with the categories of third parties described in the “How we share your personal information in our role as data controller” and “Information we receive from third-party integrations” sections. iSpring uses cookies, as described in iSpring Cookie Policy available at
https://www.ispringsolutions.com/legal/cookie_policy
. iSpring does not sell (as defined by the CCPA) your Personal Data.
Your CCPA Rights and Choices.
As a California customer and subject to certain limitations under the CCPA, you have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information:
Exercising the right to know. You may request, up to twice in a 12-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that information for a business purpose.
Exercising the right to delete. You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain limitations under applicable law.
Opt out of sales. California residents have the right to instruct businesses that sell their personal information to stop doing so. iSpring, however, does not sell your personal information.
Non-discrimination. The CCPA provides that you may not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
How to exercise your privacy rights under the CCPA
To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please submit a written request to
support@ispring.com
, please indicate which right your request is for and provide a description to help us understand the nature of your request. Your authorized agent may submit requests in the same manner.
In order to fulfill requests for any rights exercise, iSpring is required to verify your identity so please be aware that iSpring may need to request additional information that will be used for that purpose.
Notice to End Users
Our web-based services are intended for use by organizations. Where the web-based services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), that organization is the administrator of the web-based services and is responsible for the accounts in web-based services over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the web-based services is subject to that organization's policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator's organization, which may be different than this policy.
Administrators are able to:
reset your account password;
restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the web-based services;
access information in and about your account;
access or retain information stored as part of your account;
install or uninstall third-party apps or other integrations.
In some cases, administrators can also:
restrict, suspend or terminate your account access;
change the email address associated with your account;
change your information, including profile information;
restrict your ability to edit, restrict, modify, or delete information.
The administrator of the account in web-based services will assert administrative control over your account and use of the web-based services.
You will be able to change the email address associated with your account only upon the administrator’s approval.
Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator’s organizational policies for more information.
Our policy towards children
The Services are not directed to individuals under age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age of 16. If we become aware that a child under age of 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact our support services.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this Policy in an archive for your review. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or our processing of personal data, or want to contact us regarding your personal data, please contact
dpo@ispring.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://zoom.us/privacy#_Toc44414847:
Zoom Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes the personal data we collect and/or process (which may include collecting, organizing, structuring, storing, using, or disclosing) to provide products and services offered directly by Zoom Communications, Inc. (“Zoom”), including Zoom’s websites, its meetings, webinars, and messaging platform, related collaborative features, and Zoom App Marketplace (“Zoom products and services” or “products and services”). Zoom products and services covered in this Privacy Statement do not include products or services developed by Zoom that are covered under a separate privacy policy (including those listed
here
). California residents, please see our
California Privacy Notice at Collection
, and
California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights sections
.
What Personal Data Do We Receive?
How Do We Use Personal Data?
How Do We Share Personal Data?
Who Can See, Share, and Process My Personal Data When I Join Meetings and
Use Other Zoom Products and Services?
Privacy Rights and Choices
Children
How to Contact Us
Retention
European Data Protection Specific Information
California & Other U.S. States Notice at Collection
California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights
Changes to This Privacy Statement
What Personal Data Do We Receive?
Personal data is any information from or about an identified or identifiable person, including information that Zoom can associate with an individual person. We may collect, or process on behalf of our customers, the following categories of personal data when you use or interact with Zoom products and services:
Account Information
: Information associated with an account that licenses Zoom products and services, which may include administrator name, contact information, account ID, billing and transaction information, and account plan information.
Profile and Participant Information:
Information associated with the Zoom profile of a user who uses Zoom products and services under a licensed account or that is provided by an unlicensed participant joining a meeting, which may include name, display name, picture, email address, phone number, job information, stated locale, user ID, or other information provided by the user and/or their account owner.
Contact Information
: Contact information added by accounts and/or their licensed end users to create contact lists on Zoom products and services, which may include contact information a user integrates from a third-party app, or provided by users to process referral invitations.
Settings
: Information associated with the preferences and settings on a Zoom account or user profile, which may include audio and video settings, recording file location, screen sharing settings, and other settings and configuration information.
Registration Information
: Information provided when registering for a Zoom meeting, webinar, Zoom Room, or recording, which may include name and contact information, responses to registration questions, and other registration information requested by the host.
Device Information
: Information about the computers, phones, and other devices used when interacting with Zoom products and services, which may include information about the speakers, microphone, camera, OS version, hard disk ID, PC name, MAC address, IP address (which may be used to infer general location at a city or country level), device attributes (like operating system version and battery level), WiFi information, and other device information (like Bluetooth signals).
Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features:
Content generated in meetings, webinars, or messages that are hosted on Zoom products and services (“Customer Content”), which may include audio, video, in-meeting messages, in-meeting and out-of-meeting whiteboards, chat messaging content, transcriptions, transcript edits and recommendations, responses to account owner / host-sponsored post-meeting or webinar feedback requests, responses to polls and Q&A, and files, as well as related context, such as invitation details, meeting or chat name, or meeting agenda. Customer Content may contain your voice and image, depending on the account owner’s settings, what you choose to share, your settings, and what you do on Zoom products and services. As referenced below, Zoom employees do not access or use Customer Content without the authorization of the hosting account owner, or as required for legal, safety, or security reasons.
Usage Information Regarding Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, Collaborative Features and the Website:
Information about how people and their devices interact with Zoom products and services, such as: when participants join and leave a meeting; whether participants sent messages and who they message with; performance data; mouse movements, clicks, keystrokes or actions (such as mute/unmute or video on/off), edits to transcript text, where authorized by the account owner and other inputs that help Zoom to understand feature usage, improve product design, and suggest features; which third-party apps are added to a meeting or other product or service and what information and actions the app is authorized to access and perform; use of third-party apps and the Zoom App Marketplace; features used (such as screen sharing, emojis, or filters); and other usage information and metrics. This also includes information about when and how people visit and interact with Zoom’s websites, including what pages are accessed, interaction with website features including Zoom’s website’s virtual chat feature, and whether or not the person signed up for a Zoom product or service.
Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services:
“Zoom Email” refers to Zoom’s native email service and emails sent from Zoom’s native email service. Zoom Email is designed to be end-to-end encrypted by Zoom by default for emails sent and received directly between active Zoom Email users. Support for end-to-end encryption requires Zoom Email users to have added a device to their Zoom Email account with the associated email address and to use a supported Zoom client. When an email is end-to-end encrypted, only the users, and, depending on their settings, account owners, or designated account administrators control the encryption key and therefore access to the email content, including body text, subject line, attachments and custom labels applied to messages by users in their inboxes. Emails sent to or received from non-Zoom Email users are encrypted after the email is sent or received from Zoom’s servers, if the Zoom Email user chooses to send them with encryption. In all cases, Zoom does have access to email metadata used for basic email delivery—specifically, email addresses in the from, to, cc, and bcc fields, time, mimeID, and the number and size of attachments. From use of Zoom’s native calendar service, Zoom receives information regarding meeting invitations, body text, sender and recipients, and other calendar information.
Content from Third-Party Integrations:
Account owners and/or their licensed end users can access emails, calendars, files and other information from third-party services through their Zoom client, if they choose to integrate them. This information is not end-to-end encrypted by Zoom, but Zoom employees do not access the contents of third-party-service email, calendar entries, files or other information, unless authorized to, or required for legal, safety, or security reasons. If account owners and/or their licensed end users integrate their third-party emails, calendars, files and/or other information  with products and services offered or powered by Zoom. Zoom may collect or process Customer Content and email, calendar, files and other information, including content, headers, titles, and metadata, from such third-party services.
Communications with Zoom:
Information about, and contents of, your communications with Zoom, including relating to support questions, website virtual chats, your account, feedback provided by users to Zoom about Zoom’s products and services (which is owned by Zoom), and other inquiries.
Information from Partners
: Zoom obtains information about account owners and their users from third-party companies, such as market data enrichment services, including information about an account owner’s company size or industry, contact information, or activity of certain enterprise domains. Zoom may also obtain information from third-party advertising partners that deliver ads displayed on Zoom products and services, such as whether you clicked on an ad they showed you.
In certain jurisdictions, some of the personal data Zoom receives may be considered sensitive. Please see “California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights” for more information.
How Do We Use Personal Data?
Zoom employees do not access or use Customer Content including meeting, webinar, messaging, or email content (specifically, audio, video, files, in-meeting whiteboards, messaging, or email contents), or any content generated or shared as part of other collaborative features (such as out-of-meeting whiteboards), unless authorized by the account owner hosting the Zoom product or service where the Customer Content was generated, or as required for legal, safety, or security reasons.
Zoom does not use any of your audio, video, chat, screen sharing, attachments or other communications-like Customer Content (such as poll results, whiteboard and reactions) to train Zoom’s or its third-party artificial intelligence models.
As discussed below, and where technically feasible, Zoom uses personal data to conduct the following activities:
Provide Zoom Products and Services:
To provide products and services to account owners, their licensed end users, and those they invite to join meetings and webinars hosted on their accounts, including to customize Zoom products and services and recommendations for accounts of their users. Zoom also uses personal data to determine what products and services may be available in your location, and uses personal data, including contact information, to route invitations, messages, or Zoom Emails to recipients when users send or receive invitations, messages, or Zoom Emails using Zoom products and services. This may also include using personal data for customer support, which may include accessing audio, video, files, messages, and other content or context, including information you provide through Zoom’s website’s virtual chat feature, at the direction of the account owner or their users. We also use personal data to manage our relationships and contracts with account owners and others, including billing, compliance with contractual obligations, facilitating payment to third-party developers in relation to purchases made through the Zoom App Marketplace, and related administration.
Local Device Video Features: If you elect to enable certain video features, if available in your area, such as filters, studio effects, avatars, and gestures, information about your movements or the positioning of your face or hands may be processed on your device to apply the selected features. Such data does not leave your device, is not retained, cannot be used to identify you, and is only used to generate the selected effects.
Enhanced Video Features: If your account owner or administrator and you elect to enable “automatic smart name tags,” and you provide the requisite consent and a reference photo, Zoom may analyze your facial geometry and features from the reference photo you submit and video from the Zoom Room to identify you and tag you by name in the Zoom Room during your meeting. Zoom will store and use your reference photo and data about your facial geometry and features for this purpose while your account owner or administrator and you have this feature enabled. You can disable the automatic smart name tags feature and delete this data any time in your Settings. Zoom will retain this data for this purpose until and unless you choose to delete this data or for up to three years after your last interaction with Zoom.
Enhanced Audio Features: If you elect to enable enhanced audio features, such as personalized audio isolation or automatic smart speaker tags, and provide the requisite consent, Zoom may analyze your voice and create a voiceprint to enhance your audio quality (such as suppressing background noise) and/or to identify you by name. To do this, Zoom may generate your voiceprint from a recording of your voice (if you upload it for this purpose) and/or from meetings that you participate in. Zoom will store and use your voiceprint and reference audio recording for these purposes while you have features that use your voiceprint enabled. You can disable these features and delete this data any time in your Settings. Zoom will retain this data for this purpose until and unless you choose to disable these features and delete this data or for up to three years after your last interaction with Zoom.
Intelligent Features: Zoom provides intelligent features and products to its customers, their licensed end users and guests, such as Zoom AI or other tools to recommend chat, email, or other content, including content from third-party integrations. These tools may use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other technology to process Customer Content and context solely to provide the intelligent features.
Product Research and Development:
If authorized by any applicable settings, to develop, test, and improve Zoom products and services, and to troubleshoot products and services.
Zoom does not use any of your audio, video, chat, screen sharing, attachments or other communications-like Customer Content (such as poll results, whiteboard and reactions) to train Zoom’s or its third-party artificial intelligence models.
Marketing and Promotions:
If authorized by any applicable settings, to permit Zoom and/or its third party marketing partners to market, advertise, and promote Zoom products and services, including based on your product usage, information we receive from third-party partners, information you provide to process referral invitations, or if you visit our websites, information about how and when you visit, and your interactions with them. We may also use this information to provide advertisements to you relating to Zoom products and services or to engage third party partners to analyze your interactions on our website or app or to deliver advertising to you. Zoom does not use Customer Content for any marketing or promotions.
Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety:
To authenticate accounts and activity, detect, investigate, and prevent malicious conduct, fraudulent activity or unsafe experiences, address security threats, protect public safety, and secure Zoom products and services. Zoom uses advanced tools to automatically scan certain types of content such as virtual backgrounds, profile images, incoming emails to Zoom’s native email service from someone who is not a Zoom Email user, and files uploaded or exchanged through chat, for the purpose detecting and preventing violations of our terms or policies and illegal or other harmful activity.
Communicate with You:
We use personal data (including contact information, and information you provide through Zoom’s website’s virtual chat feature, including the content of the messages) to communicate with you about Zoom products and services, including product updates, your account, and changes to our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Legal Reasons:
To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or government agencies, to investigate or participate in civil discovery, litigation, or other adversarial legal proceedings, protect you, us, and others from fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, abusive, or unlawful activities, and to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Service or policies.
How Do We Share Personal Data?
Zoom provides personal data to third parties only with consent or in one of the following circumstances (subject to your prior consent where required under applicable law):
Resellers:
If an account owner licensed or purchased Zoom products and services from a third-party reseller of Zoom products and services, the reseller may be able to access personal data and content for users, including meetings, webinars, and messages hosted by the account owner.
Vendors:
Zoom works with third-party service providers to provide, support, and improve Zoom products and services and technical infrastructure, and for business services such as payment processing, including in relation to purchases made through the Zoom App Marketplace. Zoom may also work with third-party service providers to provide advertisements and business analytics regarding Zoom products and services. These vendors can access personal data subject to contractual and technical requirements for protecting personal data and prohibiting them from using personal data for any purpose other than to provide services to Zoom or as required by law. Zoom may integrate third-party technology to provide advanced features, such as Apple’s TrueDepth technology, to process information on your device about your face or hand dimensions and gestures to provide video effects. This information is processed on your device, and such information is neither received nor stored by either the third party, or Zoom.
For Legal Reasons:
Zoom may share personal data as needed to: (1) comply with applicable law or respond to, investigate, or participate in valid legal process and proceedings, including from law enforcement or government agencies; (2) enforce or investigate potential violations of its Terms of Service or policies; (3) detect, prevent, or investigate potential fraud, abuse, or safety and security concerns, including threats to the public; (4) meet our corporate and social responsibility commitments; (5) protect our and our customers’ rights and property; and (6) resolve disputes and enforce agreements.
Marketing, Advertising, and Analytics Partners:
Zoom uses third-party marketing, advertising, and analytics providers: to provide statistics and analysis about how people are using Zoom products and services, including our website; and to provide advertising and marketing for Zoom products and services, including targeted advertising based on your use of our website. These third-party partners may receive information about your activities on Zoom’s website through third-party cookies placed on Zoom’s website. To opt out of our use of third-party cookies that share data with these partners, visit our cookie management tool, available in
Cookies Settings
. Where required by law, Zoom will first obtain your consent before engaging in the marketing or advertising activities described.
Corporate Affiliates:
Zoom shares personal information with corporate affiliates, such as Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., to provide integrated and consistent experiences across Zoom products and services (such as enabling an account owner or their user to integrate a Zoom Phone call into a meeting) and to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud, abuse, and threats to public safety.
Change of Control:
We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives and other relevant participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, or change in control involving all or a portion of Zoom’s business or assets, including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
Third-Party Developers:
If you purchase a third-party app or integration from the Zoom App Marketplace, Zoom may share information about the purchase with the third-party developer, to provide the app or integration.
Who Can See, Share, and Process My Personal Data When I Join Meetings and Use Other Zoom Products and Services?
When you send messages or join meetings and webinars or use other collaborative features on Zoom, other people and organizations, including third parties outside the meeting, webinar, message, or other collaborative features, may be able to see, share, and process content and information that you share:
Account Owner:
An account owner is the organization or individual that signs up for a Zoom account. Typically, an account owner designates one or more people (called an “administrator”) to manage their account and can grant privileges to users on the account. Depending on their license with Zoom, the account owner can authorize additional users on their account, and the account owner can create and/or access the profile information for all users on their account. The account owner and their users can invite others (including guests not on their account and unlicensed participants) to meetings or webinars hosted on their account. Zoom gives account owners controls and features that they can use to determine whether certain types of content, such as recordings or Zoom Team Chat messages, can be created or sent, and what third-party apps can be used, for meetings and webinars hosted on their account. Depending on their settings, account owners and the users they designate can access personal data for participants who join meetings and webinars on their account or send messages to users on their account. Account owners may also be able to determine what information Zoom and others can access and use. Specifically, account owners may have access to:
Account Usage:
Product Usage:
Information about how users and their devices interact with their account, which may include who sent messages to their users in chat, email addresses, IP addresses, device information, and other information about who joined meetings or webinars on their account, whether their users viewed or downloaded a recording, how long participants participated in their meetings, the time a message was sent, information about integrations, and other usage information and feedback metrics.
Participant List:
Information about the participants in a Zoom meeting, webinar, or chat, which may include name, display name, email address, phone number, and participant or user ID.
Registration Information:
Information provided during registration for a webinar, meeting, Zoom Room, or recording hosted by the account.
Zoom Team Chat and Out-of-Meeting Collaborations:
If enabled on their account, account owners and those they authorize can see information about who sent and received Zoom Team Chat messages, including synced in-meeting messages (e.g., from a dedicated meeting group chat that is synced with Zoom Team Chat), to users on their account, along with information about the message (for example, date and time, and number of members or participants). Depending on their settings, account owners also can see sender and receiver information, and other messaging data, along with the content of messages sent to and from users on their account (including from in-meeting chat where dedicated meeting group chats are enabled), unless the account owner has enabled
Advanced Chat Encryption
. Depending on their settings, account owners and those they authorize may also see the content shared through collaborative features, including whiteboards, files, and images shared in Zoom Team Chat.
In-Meeting/Webinar Messages:
Depending on their settings, account owners can see sender and receiver information, along with the content of messages sent to and from users on their account, in the following circumstances:
Messages sent to Everyone in a meeting that is recorded
Messages sent to the meeting group chat in a meeting when a dedicated meeting group chat is enabled
Messages sent to panelists in a webinar that is recorded
Messages sent in dedicated meeting group chats in Team Chat
Direct messages if the account owner has enabled archiving
If a participant in a meeting is subject to archiving, their account owner will have access to messages sent to Everyone in the meeting, as well as direct messages sent to that participant. If a participant who is a member of a dedicated meeting group chat is subject to archiving, the member’s account owner will have access to the meeting group chat messages, as well as direct messages sent to that member. If a guest in a meeting with a dedicated meeting group chat is subject to archiving, the guest’s account owner will have access to messages sent to the meeting group chat, as well as direct messages sent to that guest.
Recordings and Transcripts:
Account owners can view and share the recordings and transcripts of meetings and webinars hosted on their account. Account owners may be able to view and share content generated by intelligent features that use the recording or transcript.
Other Collaborative Feature Content (e.g., Zoom Email, Zoom Calendar, Zoom Docs, Clips, Whiteboard, Notes, Polls, Q&A, Feedback, ):
Depending on their settings, account owners and designated account administrators can access content hosted on their account. For example, depending on their settings, account owners and designated account administrators can access email and calendar content sent to and from users on their Zoom Email or Zoom Calendar accounts, even if those Zoom Emails are encrypted. In addition, account owners can see information about who provided responses to their polls, Q&A, or post-meeting or webinar feedback requests, including name and contact information, together with the responses or feedback, unless responses are submitted anonymously.
Meeting Hosts, Participants, and Invitees:
Meeting hosts, participants, and invitees may be able to see your email, display name, profile picture, and presence status, including in Zoom meetings and in Zoom’s native calendar service. Meeting hosts, participants, and invitees can also see and (depending on the account owner’s settings) record, save, and share meeting content, audio transcripts, messages sent to Everyone, messages sent to meeting group chats (where enabled, and whether sent in Team Chat or in-meeting), or messages sent to them directly, and files, whiteboards or other information shared with them (including during a meeting, or through a dedicated meeting group chat). Meeting hosts may also share meeting assets to Zoom Team Chat, depending on their account owner’s settings. Meeting hosts may also be able to see responses to Q&A and polls generated during the meeting.
Zoom Email, Calendar and Zoom Team Chat Recipients:
Recipients of Zoom Emails and Zoom Calendar invites can see, save, and share your email and calendar content with others, including by sharing emails to Zoom Team Chat. If a recipient shares encrypted content with others, for example, by sharing an encrypted Zoom Email to Zoom Team Chat, or forwarding an encrypted Zoom Email to a third-party recipient without a Zoom Email account, the shared or forwarded content will not be end-to-end encrypted by Zoom. Recipients of Zoom Team Chats can see your messages, reactions, emojis, and related content, including content from Zoom Emails, Zoom Calendar, and emails from third-party services integrated in the Zoom client, that you or a third-party choose to share to Zoom Team Chat, and in-meeting messages that participants send that are synced with Zoom Team Chat through dedicated meeting group chats. Depending on the account owner’s settings, Zoom Team Chat recipients may record, save, or share your messages.
Webinar Panelists and Attendees:
Only panelists may be visible to attendees during a webinar, but attendees who agree to unmute can be heard by other attendees. If an attendee agrees to become a panelist during a webinar, they may be visible to other attendees, depending on settings. Panelists and attendees may be able to see the name of a participant who asks a question during a Q&A, along with their question, unless the participant submits the question anonymously.
Intelligent Features:
Users may be able to access, based on underlying permissions, customer content and context from meetings, webinars, messaging, and other collaborative features through their use of intelligent features.
Livestreams:
Meeting and webinar hosts can choose to livestream to a third-party site or service, which means anyone with access to the livestream will be able to see the meeting or webinar.
Apps and Integrations:
Account owners can choose to add Zoom-developed apps and third-party apps to their account and the Zoom products they use, including via use of the Zoom App Marketplace, and they can also control whether their users can add and use specific Zoom and third-party apps, including in meetings, webinars, and chats hosted on their account.
Account owners can also choose to integrate other content from third-party services – such as third-party email communications, calendar entries, files and other information – with apps and services that they use.
Depending on their settings, account owners’, users’ and guests’ personal data and content may be shared with apps and integrations, including Zoom-developed apps, approved by account owners, which may include all of the personal data categories listed above, such as account information, profile and contact information, registration information, participants list, settings, content, product usage, device information, or third-party emails that have been shared with the app.
Other participants in the meeting may be able to see the app that you are using in a meeting, if the app is receiving content (including audio and video) from the meeting.
Third-party developers may also integrate or embed Zoom meetings into their website or app experiences or build versions of Zoom that enable access to Zoom products from a third-party app.
Personal information shared by account owners and users with third-party apps and integrations is collected and processed in accordance with the app developers’ terms and privacy policies, not Zoom’s.
Privacy Rights and Choices
Marketing Communications
If you don’t want to learn about products and services we or our partners offer, you can opt-out of marketing communications in the communication sent to you (for example, via email or SMS), or by emailing
privacy@zoom.us
. Not all of our communications are for marketing, and you’ll continue to receive messages related to your products and services, such as bills, transactional notices, or customer service. Zoom will not share any mobile data originating from you through a text messaging campaign except with your consent or as necessary to provide you communications about our services or services that you requested.
Data Rights
If you are in the
European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, or the UK
, or a resident of
California or another U.S. state
with an applicable privacy law, please refer to the respective dedicated sections below. Otherwise, at your request, and as required by applicable law, we will:
Inform you of what personal data we have about you that is under our control;
Amend or correct such personal data or any previous privacy preferences you selected, or direct you to
applicable tools; and/or
Delete such personal data or direct you to applicable tools.
In order to exercise any of your rights as to personal data controlled by Zoom, please click
here
. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. As an account owner or a user under a licensed account, you may also take steps to affect your personal data by visiting your account and modifying your personal data directly.
Children
Zoom does not allow children under the age of 16 to sign up for a Zoom account.
For educational organizations that use Zoom products and services to provide educational services to children under 18, Zoom’s Children’s Educational Privacy Statement is available
here
.
How to Contact Us
To exercise your rights, please click
here
. If you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please send an email to
privacy@zoom.us
.
You can also contact us by writing to the following address:
Zoom Communications, Inc.
Attention: Data Protection Officer
55 Almaden Blvd, Suite 600
San Jose, CA 95113
Or to our representative in the EU or UK:
Lionheart Squared (Europe) Limited
Attn: Data Privacy
2 Pembroke House
Upper Pembroke Street 28-32
Dublin
DO2 EK84
Republic of lreland
email:
zoom@LionheartSquared.eu
Lionheart Squared Limited
Attn: Data Privacy
17 Glasshouse Studios
Fryern Court Road
Fordingbridge
Hampshire
SP6 1QX
United Kingdom
Contact:
zoom@LionheartSquared.co.uk
You can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to
privacy@zoom.us
.
Retention
We retain personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include the following:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide Zoom products and services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our products);
Whether account owners modify or their users delete information through their accounts;
Whether we have a legal obligation to keep the data (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to the enforcement of our agreements, the resolution of disputes, and applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigation).
European Data Protection Specific Information
Data Subjects Rights
If you are in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, your rights in relation to your personal data processed by us as a controller specifically include:
Right of access and/or portability
: You have the right to access any personal data that we hold about you and, in some circumstances, have that data provided to you so that you can provide or “port” that data to another provider;
Right of erasure
: In certain circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of personal data that we hold about you (for example, if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected);
Right to object to processing
: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we stop processing your personal data and/or stop sending you marketing communications;
Right to rectification
: You have the right to require us to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
Right to restrict processing
: You have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data in certain circumstances (for example, where you believe that the personal data we hold about you is not accurate or lawfully held).
To exercise your rights, please click
here
. If you have any other questions about our use of your personal data, please send a request at the contact details specified in the
How to Contact Us
section of this Privacy Statement. Please note that we may request you to provide us with additional information in order to confirm your identity and ensure that you are entitled to access the relevant personal data.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We only use your information in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal data concerned and the factual context, when Zoom processes personal data as a controller for individuals in regions such as the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK, we rely on the following legal bases as applicable in your jurisdiction:
As necessary for our contract:
When we enter into a contract directly with you, we process your personal data on the basis of our contract in order to prepare and enter into the contract, as well as to perform and manage our contract (i.e., providing Zoom products and services, features and services to account owners, their users, and those they invite to join meetings and webinars hosted on their accounts, and manage our relationship and contract, including billing, compliance with contractual obligations, and related administration). If we do not process your personal data for these purposes, we may not be able to provide you with all products and services;
Consistent with specific revocable consents:
We rely on your prior consent in order to utilize cookies to engage advertising and analytics partners to deliver tailored advertising and analysis of our website usage. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by visiting our cookie management tool, available Cookies Settings;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations:
We process your personal data to comply with the legal obligations to which we are subject for the purposes of compliance with EEA laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules applicable to us, and for responses to requests from, and other communications with, competent EEA public, governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities. This includes detecting, investigating, preventing, and stopping fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, or illegal activity (“fraud and abuse detection”) and compliance with privacy laws;
To protect your vital interests or those of others:
We process certain personal data in order to protect vital interests for the purpose of detecting and preventing illicit activities that impact vital interests and public safety, including child sexual abuse material; and
As necessary for our (or others’) legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, which require protection of personal data:
We process your personal data based on such legitimate interests to (i) enter and perform the contract with the account owner and/or reseller providing you with the products and services (which includes billing, compliance with contractual obligations, and related administration and support); (ii) develop, test, and improve our products and services and troubleshoot products and services; (iii) ensure authentication, integrity, security, and safety of accounts, activity, and products and services, including detect and prevent malicious conduct and violations of our terms and policies, prevent or investigate bad or unsafe experiences, and address security threats; (iv) send marketing communications, advertising, and promotions related to the products and services; and (v) comply with non-EEA laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules applicable to us and respond to requests from, and other communications with, competent non-EEA public, governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities, as well as meet our corporate and social responsibility commitments, protect our rights and property and the ones of our customers, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements.
International Data Transfers
Zoom operates globally, which means personal data may be transferred, stored (for example, in a data center), and processed outside of the country or region where it was initially collected where Zoom or its service providers have customers or facilities – including in countries where meeting participants or account owners hosting meetings or webinars that you participate in or receiving messages that you send are based.
Therefore, by using Zoom products and services or providing personal data for any of the purposes stated above, you acknowledge that your personal data may be transferred to or stored in the United States where we are established, as well as in other countries outside of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. Such countries may have data protection rules that are different and less protective than those of your country.
We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. Where personal data of users in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK is being transferred to a recipient located in a country outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK which has not been recognized as having an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that the transfer is governed by the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. Please contact us if you would like further information in that respect.
Zoom complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Zoom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Zoom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Zoom commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Zoom at: privacy@zoom.us..
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Zoom commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Zoom Communications, Inc., Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., and Solvvy, Inc., are adhering to the DPF Principles. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zoom’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
If third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any damages. If you have a question or complaint related to our compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact us as indicated at the bottom of this privacy statement.
Under limited circumstances and after other available dispute resolution mechanisms have been exhausted, binding arbitration is available to address certain residual complaints under the DPF not resolved by other means.
California & Other U.S. States Notice at Collection
Categories of Personal Information Zoom Receives:
Zoom may collect, or process on behalf of our customers, the following categories of personal data, as described above, in the
“What Personal Data Do We Receive?”
; section: identifiers (such as in Account Information, Profile and Participant Information, Contact Information, and Registration Information), financial account information (such as in Account Information); commercial information (such as in Account Information); internet or other electronic network activity information (such as Device Information, Usage Information Regarding Meetings, Webinars, Message, Collaborative Features, and the Website, and Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services); audio, electronic, and visual information (such as in Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features) education information such as from university customers; inferences we derive from the preceding or other information we collect; and sensitive personal information (such as certain categories in Account Information, Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features.
Sources:
We receive information from sources as described in the
“What Personal Data Do We Receive?”
; section, including: from you (including through your use of our products and services); from partners; from customers; and from publicly available sources. We collect education information from schools that use our services. Please see our
Children’s Educational Privacy Statement
for more information.
Zoom’s business and commercial purposes for use:
Zoom uses personal data for the following business and commercial purposes: to provide Zoom Products and Services; for Product Research and Development; for Marketing and Promotions (Zoom does not use meeting, webinar, or messaging content, or any content generated or shared as part of other collaborative features for any marketing or promotions); Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety; to Communicate with You; and for Legal Reasons. For more information, please see
“Data We Process & How We Use It.”
; Categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information for business purposes are described in
“How Do We Share Personal Data?”
;
Zoom may permit advertising and analytics services that are intended to deliver advertising to you and/or analyze your interactions, based on your interactions with our website or app which may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of data for targeted advertising purposes under certain state privacy laws. See “California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights” for more information regarding your right to opt-out.
Retention:
Zoom retains personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. Additional detail on retention criteria can be found under
Retention
, above.
California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights
Under some U.S. state laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act) (CCPA), residents may have a right to:
Access
the categories and specific pieces of personal data Zoom has collected, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the business purpose(s) for collecting the personal data, and the categories of third parties with whom Zoom has shared personal data, and
obtain the personal data
in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format;
Delete
personal data under certain circumstances;
Correct
personal data under certain circumstances; and
Opt out of the “sale” of personal data or “sharing” of personal data for targeted advertising purposes.
We do not sell your personal data in the conventional sense. However, like many companies, we may use advertising and analytics services that are intended to analyze your interactions with our website or app, based on information obtained from cookies or other trackers, including for delivering advertising to you (such as interest-based, targeted, or cross-context behavioral advertising). You can get more information and opt out of the use of cookies and other trackers on our website and app by clicking the
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy Choices, also on our homepage, and setting your preferences. You will need to set your preferences from each device and each web browser from which you wish to opt out. This feature uses a cookie to remember your preference, so if you clear all cookies from your browser, you will need to re-select your preferred settings. California and Connecticut residents may also set the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information for targeted advertising for each participating browser system that you use. Zoom does not have actual knowledge that it “sells” or “shares” the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Appeal
a denial of your request. Some states provide additional rights to their residents. If we decline to process your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision. You can do so by replying directly to our denial or emailing
privacy@zoom.us
.
Zoom will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, which is further in line with your rights under state law.
Sensitive Information.
Zoom receives information that may be considered sensitive under some state laws, such as certain Account Information (e.g., financial information, log-in information), certain Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features and certain Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services (e.g., messaging content in cases described in this statement) as well as voiceprints and facial geometry, if you choose to enable certain features and provide the requisite consent. Zoom processes sensitive personal information to provide Zoom products and services, for product research and development, for authentication, integrity, security, and safety reasons, to communicate with you, for legal reasons, and with your consent. Zoom does not use or disclose sensitive personal information (as defined under CCPA) for purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer, or in any way that would require Zoom to provide a right to limit under the CCPA. Under certain laws, residents may also be permitted to opt out of certain profiling relating to automated processing analyzing certain categories of an individual’s information that would produce a legal or similarly significant effect. Zoom does not engage in this type of profiling of individuals.
To exercise your rights, please click
here
. California residents may also call +1-888-799-0566. To opt out of the use of cookies on our sites for interest-based advertising purposes, follow the instructions above.
We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days, and provide a substantive response within 45 calendar days, or inform you of the reason and extension period (up to a total of 90 days) in writing.
These rights are not absolute, are subject to exceptions and limitations, and may not be afforded to residents of all states. In certain cases, we may decline requests to exercise these rights where permitted by law. We will need to verify your identity to process your access, deletion, and correction requests and reserve the right to confirm your state residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into your existing Zoom account (if applicable), give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information, such as providing at least two pieces of personal information relating to your account (which will be compared to information we have, such as profile information) or as we otherwise may already have in our possession, such as your email address and phone number. We will verify your consumer request by comparing the information you provide to information already in our possession, and take additional steps to minimize the risk of fraud. You may designate an authorized agent to submit your verified consumer request by providing written permission and verifying your identity, or through proof of power of attorney.
To see our Disclosure of Privacy Rights Requests, please click
here
.
California’s Shine the Light Law
Under California’s Shine the Light law, you may also ask companies with whom you have formed a business relationship primarily for personal, family or household purposes to provide the names of third parties to which they have disclosed certain personal information (as defined under the Shine the Light law) during the preceding calendar year for their own direct marketing purposes and the categories of personal information disclosed. You may send us requests for this information to
privacy@zoom.us
. In your request, you must include the statement “Shine the Light Request,” and provide your first and last name and mailing address and certify that you are a California resident. We reserve the right to require additional information to confirm your identity and California residency. Please note that we will not accept requests via telephone, mail, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement periodically to account for changes in our collection and/or processing of personal data, and will post the updated Privacy Statement on our website, with a “Last Updated” date at the top and an Update Note at the bottom. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you and provide you an opportunity to review before you choose to continue using our products and services.
Privacy Statement Update Notes (August 2, 2024):
Updates to describe the processing of personal data related to enhanced audio and video features.
Privacy Statement Update Notes (October 11, 2024):
Updates to describe the processing of personal data related to enhanced audio features.
Updates to describe new intelligent feature functionality, including related integration options.
Zoom uses cookies and similar technologies as strictly necessary to make our site work. We and our partners would also like to set additional cookies to analyze your use of our site, to personalize and enhance your visit to our site and to show you more relevant content and advertising.  These will be set only if you accept.
You can always review and change your cookie preferences through our cookie settings page.  For more information, please read our
Privacy Statement
.
Decline Cookies
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Cookie Preference Center
Cookies and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) are important to the proper functioning of a site and to provide visitors with a seamless and customized experience.  Zoom uses Cookies to enable you to use our site. We also use cookies to enable you to personalize your use of our site, to provide you enhanced functionality and to continuously improve the performance of our site. If you have Targeting cookies enabled below and depending on your account type or login state, we may allow third-party advertisers to show you advertising relevant to you on our website or products, using their Cookies on our site.
You can accept or decline all but Strictly Necessary Cookies, or customize your cookie settings below. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Some Strictly Necessary Cookies may transfer personal data to the United States.  To learn more about how Zoom processes personal data, please visit our
privacy statement
.
For California Residents, you may exercise your right to “Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information” by toggling the button labeled “Targeting” below to off.
More information
Accept All Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to track your usage of our website and, depending on their policies, may combine that information with other information to show you relevant advertisements on our site and other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not see personalized advertising on Zoom’s website or products.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and customization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label