Mini Piano Privacy Policy
This App does not collect or share any personal sensetive data. like name, address, payment info etc..
We may use Unity analytics to help improve the App their privacy policy can be found here
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We also serve Ads from Google thier privacy policiy can be found here
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
For App downloaded from Amazon Appstore
In return for some of the premium features of Mini Piano, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network.
By doing so you agree to have read and accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA:
https://bright-sdk.com/eula
and Bright Data's Privacy Policy
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-privacy
You may opt out of the Bright Data network by clicking web indexing toggle button in settings.
Any questions contact support@edgewaysoft.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 1
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-privacy:
Bright SDK Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Hi there! If you are here, you probably wanted to learn about Bright Data’s privacy policy concerning the SDK that you agreed to activate as part of the application you are using. FYI, full information regarding Bright SDK is on
https://bright-sdk.com
. Specifically, Frequently asked questions for users are on
https://bright-sdk.com/users
A link to this page appears on:
The consent screen asking you if you want to opt-in to Bright Data’s network
The application developer’s own terms of use and privacy policy
On our own website
This page has two parts:
An overview of the privacy policy, written in simple English
The official, legal privacy policy
The overview is provided for information purposes only, for your convenience. The overview is a summary of the main points in the policy, but is not an exhaustive legal document. We encourage you to read the entire policy to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. In case of any conflicts between these two parts, the official legal privacy policy takes precedence.
1. Bright SDK privacy in simple terms
Let’s be very clear: We don’t know any personal information about you, who you are, or what you do online.
We don’t know your name, your email, what web pages you visit, or what apps you use.
We don’t read identifiers that already exist on your device (for example: Apple’s IDFA)
We don’t leave any cookies or other identifiers on your device.
We don’t know or track what you do on a specific app, or across several apps.
Since we don’t have any data about you, we of course have nothing to share with 3rd parties.
In other words, to us all Bright SDK users are anonymous and indistinguishable. We just don’t need to know any of your personal information, and we don’t track you in any way.
There is one thing we know, and that is your IP address. We respect all applicable data privacy  regulations when it comes to it.
BTW, you know who else knows your IP address?
Any website you visit, and any app you use – they all know your IP address too.
Don’t believe it? Try googling “
what is my IP address
” for example, or check your Internet speed on
www.speedtest.net
or check your location on
iplocation.net
. Can you see your IP address come up on screen?
Even though we know your IP, we do not use it for Bright Data’s ongoing business operations. In fact, the reason we collect it is to comply with GDPR (e.g. record the fact you gave your consent) and to comply with other legal requirements.
To summarize – search engines, social networks and advertising networks all need some sort of information about you in order to decide which ads to display to you.
Bright SDK is totally different. It does not display ads, does not collect any of your personal information, and does not track you in any way.
We hope this helps clarify what we know about you. Now, feel free to read the full policy:
2. Our official privacy policy
Bright Data Ltd.(“Bright Data “, “we,” or “us”) is the owner of the website brightdata.com (“the Site”), the Bright Data software (“the Software”), the Bright SDK (“the SDK”) and the Bright Data services (as detailed below), any accompanying services, features, content, and applications offered by us (collectively referred herein as “the Services”). We are concerned about your privacy and have designed this Privacy Policy in order to help you decide whether to use the Services. This Privacy Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (“you” or “user”) and us. By accessing and using the Services, or providing information to us in other formats, you agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time and consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and any subsequent changes made to it. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THE SERVICES IMMEDIATELY AND UNINSTALL WHERE RELEVANT.
IN ADDITION TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE REVIEW OUR
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED OF BY US FROM TIME TO TIME.
The Services
Bright Data provides proxy services and data collector products and services. Bright Data gives its customers the ability to route traffic through its peers’ available resources. Bright Data treats certain devices of peers as nodes in the Bright Data network used to operate the Services. Peers agree to share their available resources and become part of the Bright Data network in return for free features, ads free app, etc.
What types of information do we collect?
We collect the following types of data from you when you use the Services:
Non-Personal Information: This information cannot be used to identify the user from which that data was collected. Such Non-Personal Information include aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, such as your approximate geo-location, hardware specifications, OS and SDK version, browser type and version, the date of the Software installation, your URL requests, and respective time stamps.
Personal Information: Personal Information is information that identifies or may identify you. The only Personal Information we may collect and retain is your IP address, which is necessary in order to provide our Service. Any Non-Personal Information that is specifically connected or linked to any Personal Information, is treated by us as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Legal basis for processing
Processing of Personal Information is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations towards you and providing you with our services, to protect our legitimate interests and to comply with our legal obligations.
How we use the information we collect
We may use the information for the following:
To provide our Services, including audits and calculations of fees;
To detect and prevent illegal activity, activity that violates our terms of use, or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Service;
To perform analysis and research to improve the Service;
Information we share
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, subcontractors, or such other trusted third party service providers or partners, who are located in different jurisdictions across the world, for the purpose of: (a) storing or processing such information on our behalf (e.g. on cloud computing services) or to assist us with our business operations, to authenticate your access and to provide and improve our Service; (b) performing research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes.
The above shall be deemed as the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months for the purpose of the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”).
We may also share your Personal Information and other information in special cases if we have good reason to believe that it is necessary to: (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, violation of our policies or technical issues; (3) enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy or any other agreements between you and us, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, its partners, its affiliates, users, or the public.
We have not sold (as this term is defined under the CCPA) Your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
Security and Confidentiality
We use industry-standard security tools and measures, as well as internal procedures and strict guidelines to prevent information misuse and data leakage. Our employees and contractors access the information on a need-to-know basis and subject to confidentiality obligations.
We use measures and procedures that substantially reduce the risks of data misuse, but we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately. We will use all measures to investigate the incident, including preventive measures, as required.
Since we operate globally, it may be required to transfer your Personal Information to other countries worldwide. In these instances, we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your Personal Information through adequate legal mechanisms, in accordance with the GDPR.
Your Choices and Retention
We value your privacy and your control of personal information. You may therefore notify us that you wish to review your Personal Information or delete it. You can notify us by sending an email to privacy@bright-sdk.com. You may choose at any time not to allow us or any third party to collect data about you. You may request to view or edit Personal Information that is stored about you.
For EU residents
: Please note that the following rights specifically apply regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed, and access your stored Personal Information, together with supplementary information; (2) Receive a copy of Personal Information you directly volunteer to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; (3) Request rectification of your Personal Information that is in our control; (4) Request erasure of your Personal Information; (5) Object to the processing of Personal Information by us; (6) Request to restrict processing of your Personal Information by us; (7) Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and may be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements.
As of January 1st 2020, California residents are granted with the right not to be discriminated against for having exercised their rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
If you are a resident of California, United States, you have the right to send us a written request regarding a list of Personal Information categories that we may have disclosed to third parties or to which we may have given to third parties, and the details of such third parties. To exercise such right, you may contact us at: privacy@bright-sdk.com.
We will retain your Personal Information for the duration required to provide our App, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing Personal Information, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
Change of Ownership
In the event of a change of ownership or control of all or a part of Bright Data, including without limitation through acquisition, merger, or sale, we reserve the right to transfer all or part of the Personal Information we store in our systems.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Policy may be revised from time to time at our sole discretion, so please check it regularly. The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Updated” heading. Any change of this policy will be posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Services following any such changes will be considered as you consent to the amended Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you feel that your privacy was not treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if you believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person in the course of using the Services, please contact Bright Data at: privacy@bright-sdk.com and we will promptly investigate.
Copyright (c) 2023 Bright Data.
We value your privacy
We recommend you accept all cookies for the optimal experience when using our wesbite.
Accept all
Analytics only
Cookies settings