(Version 2020)
If you choose to visit this KissApp website (the “Site”), you will be agreeing to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy between you (“you” or “your”) and KissApp (“KissApp”, “us” or “we”).
KissApp strives to continuously develop innovative services to better serve the users of our technology. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use KissApp services or otherwise visit the Site, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it. The following principles apply to the personal information we ask for and that you provide to identify yourself. This information includes your name, your physical address or your email address, and is further through this document referred to as “personal identifying information”.
Where this privacy policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps and other services operated by Kissapp. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our «services» or «apps» in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
Data collection
• Browsing the public area of KissApp website does not require personal identifying information.
• KissApp collects limited non-personal identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and language, the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to operate, develop and improve our services.
• The access to some of our services requires you registering for an account. To create this account, KissApp asks you for personal information (typically your name, email address and a password for your account) and this information is used to provide the service.
• When we ask for personal identifying information, we will inform you about the types of information we collect and how we use it. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us.
• KissApp may use analytics tool providers in order to develop and analyze use of some applications. The data collected by the analytics providers will be used according to their respective privacy policies. In such event, KissApp will inform you in a proper and timely manner of (i) the type of data collected, (ii) the applicable conditions and protection rules, and (iii) the opt-out process applying to the data collected.
Cookies
Upon your first visit to this website, a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A “cookie” is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to track users of the site and regulate certain areas of content. KissApp does this by storing user account information in cookies. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some KissApp features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Sharing of information
KissApp does not rent or sell your personal identifying information to other companies or individuals, unless you give your consent. KissApp may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances:
1. With your consent.
2. For the sole purpose of processing personal identifying information on our behalf by a trusted third party. After processing, the information is subject to agreements that oblige these parties to process information only on KissApp instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
3. If KissApp considers that it is required by law or has good reason to believe that access, preservation or disclosure of this information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of KissApp, its users or the public.
4. If you have an account, we may share the information submitted through your account with all of our services in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services. We will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or with your consent.
5. We may store and process personal information collected on our site in Spain or any other country in which KissApp or its agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your country.
6. In the event of a transfer of ownership of KissApp, such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before any personal identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
7. KissApp may share aggregated information with third parties. Examples include the number of users located in Spain or how many users clicked on a particular section of the site.
Ads
Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant ads and measure ads’ effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. For the purposes of European law, most of these ad partners are independent controllers of your information, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the services. It also means that if you are a Facebook app user for example – you provided consent to Facebook in your Facebook app to allow them to show you personalized ads inside of our services.
Communicate with you by postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, in some cases you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
With your consent (where needed), to send you email marketing in order to provide you with information about services that you may find of interest. We also send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, service availability or modification of key features or functions.
Information Security
KissApp takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. KissApp restricts access to your personal identifying information to employees who need this information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Your rights
We want you to be in control of your information and be aware of your privacy rights, so here are a few key points to remember:
Depending on your location you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
• Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
• Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
• Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
• Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right «to be forgotten» (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honour such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
• Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider)
• Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your information, please write to us at the address listed below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
For your protection, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Amendments to Privacy Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. We will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more prominent notice. Each version will be noted at the top of the page.
YouTube
We use YouTube API Services:
* YouTube
Terms of Service
(ToS)
* YouTube API Services (
Google Privacy Policy
)
Youtify app use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.