OUR AGREEMENT
Our Agreement (between Tesco Mobile Ireland of Gresham House, Marine Road, Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin, trading as Tesco
          Mobile ("we/us/Tesco Mobile") and the customer ("you" or "Customer") for the provision of any Services by Tesco Mobile
          to you. Your agreement is made up of these General Terms and Conditions for Services, your Price Plan (which may include
          a Contract Form if availing of Pay Monthly Services), as well as any specific Plan or Promotional terms and conditions,
          together with any policies which relate to the Services chosen by you, the Customer.
Note these terms do not cover any non-Tesco Mobile products or services you purchase while using your device. Note that
          capitalised words have special meanings - see the "Definitions" section at the end of these terms.
This Agreement is for the Minimum Term as shown on your Contract Form if applicable and/or welcome note or Order
          Confirmation Email, or as specified in the Plan or Offer chosen by you the Customer.
1.1
When our Agreement starts
Our Agreement starts on the date we accept your request to use Tesco Mobile, which is the earlier of
when you place Credit on your Account or
when you first use your Mobile Phone / Device or SIM Card on the Network
1.2
Changes to our Agreement
Any changes to our Agreement will be notified to you 30 days, at a minimum in advance of any changes taking affect.
          Following receipt of a notification you will have the option to terminate the Agreement without penalty during that 30-day notice period, subject to payment by you of all Charges due to date. Your continued
          use of the Service after this 30-day notice period has expired, represents your acceptance of any changes.
1.3
Ending our Agreement
1.3.1
During the Cooling-Off Period
1.3.1.1 You may return and get a full refund (less the costs of return for online or phone sales) on your Mobile Phone / Device
                / Plan within 14 days of buying it ("the Cooling-Off Period") if:
1.3.1.1.1 all Equipment (to include any chargers or ancillary equipment supplied) is returned undamaged and the original packaging
                  and contents are intact; and
1.3.1.1.2 you return or reimburse us for any free or discounted products, services, vouchers or coupons you received as the result
                  of the purchase.
1.3.1.1.3 The Customer shall remain liable for any Charges incurred prior to such cancellation;
1.3.1.1.4 If you have bought a Mobile Phone / Device from us in a telecoms store, you can return it to that store within 14
                  days.
1.3.1.1.5 If you have bought a Mobile Phone / Device / Plan from us through our Website or over the phone i.e. completed a
                  distant sales within the meaning of the EC (Consumer Information, Cancellation and Other Rights) Regulations 2013, you
                  should complete our Cancellation Form accessible
here
or contact Customer Care for free on 1903. For such distant sales the 14-day cooling off period starts from the date of
                  delivery of the goods and or Services. You will be liable for the costs of return for online or phone sales unless the
                  device is faulty.
1.3.1.1.6 If you return your Mobile Phone / Device / Plan within the Cooling-Off Period any Clubcard Points you received will be
                  removed from your Clubcard account. For existing customers that choose to buy a new plan, please note, the right to
                  cancel does not mean that you have the right to go back onto your old plan (as the old plan may no longer be available
                  for sale).
1.3.2
After the Cooling-Off Period
1.3.2.1 If you have committed to remaining a customer of Tesco Mobile for a Minimum Term and you cancel after the Cooling-Off
                Period but before the end of that Minimum Term you must provide us with 30 days' notice and you will incur a
                Cancellation Charge. We will tell you what the Cancellation Charge will be when you contact us to cancel. For the
                avoidance of doubt, if you have and exercise a right to terminate our contract before the end of the Minimum Term under
                EU Directive 2018/1972 or other provisions of EU or Irish law, the Cancellation Charge shall not exceed the pro rata
                temporis value of any retained subsidised terminal equipment (as agreed at the moment of the conclusion of the contract)
                or the remaining part of the service fee until the end of the contract, whichever is the smaller.
1.3.2.2 Outside any Minimum Term you can end our Agreement by giving 30 days written or phone notice and no cancellation fees
                will apply.
1.4
How we can end our Agreement
1.4.1 We may end our Agreement at any time by contacting you and giving you 30 days' notice.
1.4.2 We may also end our Agreement immediately if:
1.4.2.1 You breach any term of our Agreement and do not put it right within 7 days of our asking you to;
1.4.2.2 You fail any credit or fraud prevention check or where we reasonably suspect fraud or money laundering by you or someone
                using your Account;
1.4.2.3 You give us information about yourself which we reasonably believe to be false or misleading;
1.4.2.4 You are the subject of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings, or you do not make a payment under a judgment of a
                Court or fine, or you make an arrangement with your creditors;
1.4.2.5 We are no longer able to provide the Services to you despite making all reasonable efforts to do so.
1.5
Rights continue after our Agreement ends
The ending of our Agreement shall not affect any rights of action or liabilities that may already have come into
          existence before it ends. In particular, you will be charged for all Charges incurred made prior to your termination.
1.6
How we can suspend or limit the Services
We may suspend or restrict your use of the Services immediately if:
1.6.1 You do any of the things listed above which would allow us to end our Agreement;
1.6.2 You breach our Agreement (for example, you fail to pay us any Charges when due);
1.6.3 You breach any legal requirements which may apply to your use of the Services;
1.6.4 You tell us that your Mobile Phone / Device or SIM Card has been lost or stolen;
1.6.5 We need to carry out repairs, maintenance or improvements to the Services (and we will try to restore the Services as
              soon as we can);
1.6.6 We are told to by the Government, the emergency services or any other competent or lawful authority;
1.6.7 You are abusive, make threats, repeatedly cause a nuisance or annoyance or otherwise act illegally towards our staff or
              property, or that of our agents; or
1.6.8 You do anything or permit anyone else to do anything which we reasonably think adversely impacts Tesco Mobile; or
1.6.9 It appears to us that there is an unusual use of the Tesco Mobile Service (for example, the volume or destination of
              calls increases significantly).
1.6.10 Where more than one user is set up under an Account, we may suspend use by any or all of those users.
1.7
Conditions for Renewal & Upgrade Eligibility
1.7.1 At the end of the Minimum Term, your Agreement will continue to run on a month-to-month basis, unless you, the Customer,
              provide notice of your desire to terminate this Agreement.
1.7.2 You may request a change of Plan by notifying Customer Care. However, within any Minimum Term you cannot move onto a
              Plan with a lower monthly payment unless the charges for the new Plan exceed the total charges for the remainder of the
              existing Service Agreement. This does not affect your right to cancel your contract under paragraph 1.4, you can also
              change to a higher Plan if you wish by entering into a new Service Agreement.
1.7.3 You can see if you're eligible for an upgrade by contacting Customer Care.
1.7.4 For the avoidance of doubt, should you accept an Upgrade of your equipment or switch to a new Plan, your Agreement will
              be deemed to have entered a new Agreement with Tesco Mobile.
CHARGES
2.1 Details of Plans and Charges are available on
www.tescomobile.ie
and or by request by contacting Customer Care. You agree to pay the Charges for Services as detailed in your Plan and or
              as shown within the Other Call Charges section of the website - see
http://www.tescomobile.ie/help-centre/Your-Plan#
2.2 The Charges may be changed as per section 1.3 above.
2.3 Calls are charged at an initial connection charge or minimum charge for one minute, and then in one second increments,
              rounded up to the nearest second and then rounded up to the nearest cent.
2.4 Each time you use your Mobile Phone / Device and you incur Charges, the Credits associated with your Account will
              be reduced by the Charges incurred. For customers availing of Prepay services, it is up to you to decide how much Credit
              to load onto your Account. If your Account has no Credits, you may still be able to receive incoming Calls, but you will
              not be able to make outgoing Calls or access any Content. Please note that we reserve the right to suspend our Services
              or disconnect you if you have not activated a Prepay Voucher on your account for a certain length of time and or met our
              Activity Criterion - which is specified in the specific bill pay and prepay terms.
2.5 Charges will include VAT where applicable.
2.6 All charges are rounded up to the nearest second, then up to the nearest cent.
2.7 A text message is billed for every 160 characters used, when you go over 160 characters it is billed as another
              message. Texts exclude premium rate texts.
2.8 If you order a Mobile Phone / Device or Services from us through our Website, we will reserve funds from your
              account to ensure that payment can be successfully taken when we accept your order. This is known as a "shadow" and may
              show on your statement as if the funds have been debited because they are unavailable for you to use, but no funds have
              been withdrawn at this time. If your order is not accepted, this shadow may, depending on your bank, remain on your
              account for up to 12 working days, though the usual period is 5 working days. If you wish to request immediate removal
              of the shadow, you may contact us to obtain an authorisation code which you can then pass on to your bank. If you have
              set up a direct debit or an automated recurring payment method to pay your monthly bill and it fails, you will be liable
              for any charges incurred by the bank and/ or Tesco Mobile (the fee is currently €10). Any such charges will be presented
              as
'Refer To Drawer Fee'
on your next monthly bill.
2.9 Tesco Mobile Ireland may need to take legal or other collection action against you for non-payment of Charges
SERVICES
3.1 The Services provided are as described in your Contract Form and /or Plan which includes access to emergency
              services (by dialling 112) where your location information is provided to the Emergency Services as required. Please
              note, access to emergency services requires there to be some power in your handset battery.
3.2 Services are dependent on a number of factors, see
here
for further detail. Access to 4G, 5G and /or future technology Services are dependent on Plan, handset capability and
              network coverage.
3.3 We will provide you with support services via our Customer Care service - see
www.tescomobile.ie/help-centre/contact-support.aspx
for the most up to information or by dialling 1749 or Freephone 1903 from your Tesco Mobile handset.
3.4 If you are a Customer with special needs (for example an elderly or disabled Customer) we can provide you with
              Services and products for your needs. We can also provide you with Services information in other formats, such as
              braille, audio or large print. Please see our Accessibility section of our website for some useful information at
www.tescomobile.ie/about-us/accessibility.aspx
or contact Customer Care and tell us how we can help you.
3.5
Your use of Tesco Mobile
3.5.1 You must use the Services in accordance with the law, our Agreement and any other reasonable instructions we
                give you. In particular, you may not, nor may you allow anyone else to, use Tesco Mobile (whether to make a Call, send
                or receive a Message, upload or download Content, or whether connected to a computer)
3.5.1.1 for any unlawful purpose;
3.5.1.2 in any way which is, or is intended to be, malicious, fraudulent or a hoax (including to the emergency services);
3.5.1.3 to breach our rights or the rights of any third party (for example, copyright);or
3.5.1.4 in any way which may damage or affect the operation or quality of Tesco Mobile, the Internet or any other
                  telecommunications system.
3.5.1.5 If you do not comply with any provision of this paragraph, you will compensate us for all liabilities, claims, and
                  damages, losses and costs (including legal costs) which we may suffer as a result.
3.5.1.6 You must keep confidential all passwords you have nominated in connection with your Agreement. We cannot disclose
                  information about your account to anyone until we are satisfied as to their identity, and they have correctly quoted any
                  passwords to us.
3.5.2 You agree:
3.5.2.1 to provide us with such information as we reasonably request in connection with this Service Agreement and that all
                  factual information you provide to us is correct:
3.5.2.2 that you are procuring the SIM card, mobile handset and the Tesco Mobile Bill Pay Service solely for your own use and
                  that you will not re-sell or otherwise act as any form of distributor in respect of the SIM Card, mobile handset or the
                  Tesco Mobile Bill Pay Service.
3.5.2.3 that you will not use the Service for any improper, immoral, fraudulent or unlawful purposes or for the sending of any
                  communication or storing of any information which is of an offensive, abusive, indecent, obscene or menacing nature.
                  Illegal content such as 'child pornography' (Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM)) will not be tolerated. In the event
                  that, illegal content is reported, notified or discovered we will collaborate fully with
Hotline.ie
and law enforcement and any failure to comply with our acceptable use policies will result in disconnection. If you
                  encounter potentially illegal content online, specifically CSAM please report it straight away using the
Hotline.ie reporting tool here
. If you have any reason to believe that a particular image you have received might be illegal, such as child pornography,
                  you should report it immediately to the Gardai
3.5.2.4 that you will use the Service in accordance with your Agreement and any other reasonable instructions we give
                  you. Whilst we provide the Service to you, you authorise us to act on your behalf in all dealings with any provider (as
                  applicable) with whom we consider it necessary or useful to deal with in connection with the Service.
3.5.2.5 If the SIM card or your mobile handset is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed you will be responsible for any
                  charges incurred until you have informed us.
3.5.2.6 If you do not comply with any provision of this paragraph, you will compensate us for all liabilities, claims,
                  damages, losses and costs (including legal costs) that we suffer as a result.
3.5.2.7 that you will tell us immediately if anyone makes or threatens to make any claim against you because of your
                  use of Tesco Mobile.
3.5.2.8 Tesco Mobile is a consumer service. If you use Tesco Mobile for business or commercial purposes you will
                  indemnify us for all claims in respect of liabilities, damages, losses and costs (including legal costs) made by any
                  other third party against us, arising from your use of Tesco Mobile for business or commercial purposes.
3.6
Our duty to you
3.6.1 We will try and provide you with the Services at all times but due to the nature of mobile technology, Tesco
                Mobile is not in a position to guarantee or offer any minimum service levels.
3.6.2 We will at all times use the reasonable skill and care of a competent Service Provider in providing the Services
                to you in accordance with and subject to our Agreement, but we shall not be responsible for any delay or failure to
                provide Services for reasons beyond our reasonable control.
3.6.3 Service availability is subject to Network availability and certain Services require a 3G, 4G, 5G or future
                technology enabled handsets - see our coverage map at
www.tescomobile.ie/our-network/
3.6.4 Some Services (e.g. media messaging) may only work with other compatible handsets and networks.
3.7
Clubcard Points
3.7.1 Tesco Clubcard points may be awarded for the purchase of the Services subject to Clubcard's terms and conditions
                that can be found at
www.tesco.ie
.
3.7.2 To collect Clubcard points when you use your Mobile Phone, you need to: (a) have a Tesco Clubcard, and (b)
                register your Mobile Phone number to a Clubcard account. You can register more than one Mobile Phone / against a
                Clubcard account, but both the Clubcard account holder and owner of the Mobile Phone number must have consented to the
                registration and collection of Clubcard points and live at the same address. If we are informed, or suspect, that
                registrations have taken place without consent or are being used fraudulently we may cancel the registration and
                applicable Clubcard Points. It may take up to three weeks after you have bought or loaded Credit for your Clubcard
                points to reach your Clubcard account. Note that Clubcard points can only be added once to an account.
3.8
If your Mobile Phone / Device or SIM Card is misused or stolen
3.8.1 Tesco Mobile will have no liability to you or any other person for the loss, theft, accidental damage or
                unauthorised use of your Mobile Phone / Device or SIM Card.
3.8.2 Every Tesco Mobile SIM Card remains our property. You must take adequate precautions to prevent damage to,
                unauthorised use or theft of your SIM Card.
3.8.3 You must inform Customer Care immediately by telephone if your Mobile Phone / Device is lost, stolen, damaged,
                destroyed or likely to be used in an unauthorised manner so that we can cancel your Mobile Phone / Device or SIM Card
                and prevent further unauthorised use. We may charge you for a replacement SIM Card.
3.8.4 If your Mobile Phone or SIM Card is stolen you will, until you notify us, be liable for any usage on your
                Account. If you have registered your credit card with your Account for text Top Up you will be liable for any Top Up
                purchases charged to your credit card when stolen.
3.9
Roaming Services
3.9.1 Some Services may be available outside the Republic of Ireland only if we have a roaming agreement with the
                foreign network and these Services may be subject to different Charges dependent on whether you are roaming within the
                EU or outside the EU). See
www.tescomobile.ie/roaming-and-international
for a full list of where we have roaming agreements in place and the applicable pricing. Our roaming section on the
                website will have the most up to date information on roaming and see
www.tescomobile.ie/eu-roaming-regulation
specifically for information on roaming in the EU.
3.9.2 Domestic charging will apply to EU roaming usage- referred to as Roam Like At Home ('RLAH') and it may be
                subject to a Fair Use Policy ('FUP') dependent on the Service / Plan chosen. Tesco Mobile reserves the right to request
                proof of residency in order to enable you to RLAH i.e. use your Plan / Service while roaming periodically in the EU.
                Proof of residency may be established through registration with the mytesco portal or Tesco Clubcard (if relying on
                Clubcard registration, please note the clubcard must have been active or by providing a valid document confirming your
                place of residence (see
www.tescomobile.ie/eu-roaming
for a complete list of acceptable proofs). Where one Clubcard has been used for more than one registration, both the
                Clubcard account holder and owner of the Mobile Phone / Device number must have consented to the registration and live
                at the same address. If Tesco Mobile suspects that registrations are being used fraudulently, including enabling the
                abuse of RLAH Tesco Mobile reserves the right to request proof of address at any time and or remove the ability to RLAH.
3.9.3 RLAH Fair Use Policy: the Data FUP allowance will be calculated in accordance with the Commission's Implementing
                Regulation (EU) 2016/2286. Once connected to the Tesco Mobile service you will receive a 'Welcome' message which will
                detail important information including providing you with a direct link to where comprehensive information is published
                on our website regarding roaming services. Also once you commence roaming in the EU, you will receive an alert message
                which will advise you of the applicable FUP. If roaming outside of the EU, you will receive an alert to advise you of
                the applicable roaming rates. Tesco Mobile will monitor usage of the Plan while roaming in the EU and will alert
                customers when they are nearing the FUP. In line with domestic use and charging including charging intervals, standard
                out of bundle rates will apply to usage beyond the FUP - see the 'Other Charges' section on our website for all
                applicable rates. The Roaming Data cap of â‚¬61.50 including VAT outside of your monthly spend remains applicable to all
                roaming usage i.e. EU and non EU countries. See
www.tescomobile.ie/roaming-and-international
for further information on the Roaming Data cap.
3.9.4 Tesco Mobile's RLAH service is designed for casual and normal periodic roaming usage and as such, a Fair Usage
                Policy ('FUP') applies to prevent permanent roaming and or where the customer uses roaming for an excessive amount of
                days or usage. In order to prevent abusive or anomalous use of Voice and Text bundle allowances while roaming in the EU,
                Tesco Mobile may implement additional control measures in respect of same. The Plan cannot be used exclusively while
                roaming. If Tesco Mobile observes excessive roaming usage and presence each month and this usage prevails over a 4 month
                period (observed cumulatively), Tesco Mobile may contact you to request that you to alter your usage pattern. However,
                should you fail to alter your usage within the timeframe specified in the alert message, Tesco Mobile reserves the right
                to charge you for the excessive element of your usage at your Plan's standard out of bundle rate or to modify or suspend
                your use of the Plan or to withdraw your access to the service entirely in certain circumstances including but not
                limited to circumstances which amount to persistent abuse of the service. Tesco Mobile's complaint handling process as
                detailed in section 3.18 shall be utilised for any complaints made regarding the application of the FUP. See
www.tescomobile.ie/eu-roaming-regulation
for further detailed information about Tesco Mobiles RLAH service and the FUP.
3.9.5 Roaming services may vary from those that you enjoy in ROI (including but not limited to speed, latency and/or
                the availability of roaming services) due to various factors including but not limited to coverage, topography and/or
                technology. Certain types of services may also be subject to increased charges when roaming, including but not limited
                to premium rate, freephone and/or low cost numbers. If you have any issue/complaint, please see our Code of Practice and
                complaint handling procedures:
www.tescomobile.ie/code-of-practice
.
3.10
Directory Services
Upon request by you, we will include your name and Mobile Phone number in the National Directory Database, currently
          hosted by PortingXS. The purpose of the National Directory Database is to facilitate telephone directories and directory
          enquiry services, as well as being an "opt-out" register for direct marketing purposes. You may, when you request us to
          include your name and Mobile Phone number on the National Directory Database, also request that we indicate your
          preference on the National Directory Database to receive third party marketing calls on your Mobile Phone / Device.
3.11
Calling Line Identification
The Network will display your Mobile Phone number on the receiving handset (calls, texts etc). If you wish to change
          this, refer to your Mobile Phone user guide or alternatively contact Customer Care
3.12
Account Validity and Mobile Number Recycling
3.12.1 Your Tesco Mobile Phone number and SIM Card is valid and will remain active for as long as you are using your
                Tesco Mobile Service regularly.
3.12.2 If you do not make a Credit Top Up to your Account, or use your SIM Card for 6 months as per the Activity
                Criterion, your Account and any outstanding Credit on your Account will be suspended. If this happens you may reactivate
                your Account by contacting Customer Care. We will reactivate your Account, and any previously unused credit you had on
                your Account will be available to you again.
3.12.3 After your Account has been suspended, you have a further 6 months during which you can have it reactivated by
                calling Customer Care. If you do not ask us to reactivate your Account and or request to port out your number we will
                assume that you no longer need it (as you will not have used it for 12 months), the account will be fully deactivated
                and the number will be quarantined. As a result your SIM Card will no longer work and any unused credit will be
                forfeited.
3.13
Switching Operator and Number Porting
To initiate a switch from another operator and number transfer you will need to complete a Move My Number Customer
              Authorisation Form found on the Website and agree to the terms and conditions of Porting. Please note that Customers who
              terminate their Agreement or port out when they are in-contract will have to pay any outstanding charges and the
              recurring monthly charges for the remainder of the Minimum Term. Customers who leave Tesco Mobile lose any unused
              benefit allowances and/or any credit provided to them by Tesco Mobile for use on the Tesco Mobile network, including
              pre-installed credit, porting credit, promotional credit and goodwill credit. A prepay customer is entitled to a refund
              of any remaining top-up credit paid for by them when they switch to another operator and claim that refund within 3
              months of switching. If you believe that you eligible for a prepaid credit refund, please contact 1903. Prepaid credit
              refunds are subject to a â‚¬10 administrative charge.
3.14
Mobile Phone / Device Locking
3.14.1 Your Mobile Phone / Device may be locked to the Tesco Mobile Network. You must not insert another operator's
                SIM card into the mobile without an unlocking code (which is not your PIN code). We will on request provide an unlocking
                code after a qualifying period and/or for a fee. Failure to enter the correct unlocking code may result in your Mobile
                Phone / Device becoming permanently blocked. We accept no responsibility for Mobile Phone / Devices blocked in this way.
                Please review the following FAQ
https://www.tescomobile.ie/help-centre/Your-Plan
which provides useful information in relation to the contract.
3.14.2 This clause does not apply if you have purchased a SIM Card only and, at the time of purchase of the SIM Card,
                you are connected to a network other than the Tesco Mobile Network.
3.15
Delivery
3.15.1 We will endeavour to deliver any products you order from the Website on the next working day within the island
                of Ireland (for orders placed by 1pm), where this is practical.
3.16
Mobile Phone / Device Repairs
3.16.1 If your Mobile Phone / Device develops a fault then you should contact the manufacturer in the first instance.
                The contact details for the manufacturer can be found within the Mobile Phone / Device user guide or can be obtained by
                contacting Customer Care.
3.17
Returns and Exchanges
3.17.1 If your Mobile Phone / Device becomes faulty within the first 14 days of purchase, then you are entitled to a
                fully boxed replacement phone, or a refund, as you prefer.
3.17.2 If you bought your phone online, please contact Customer Care.
3.17.3 If you bought your phone in a Tesco store, then you should return it at the Customer Service Desk in store.
                Please have your receipt with you as proof of purchase and ensure that all elements of the phone are included with the
                packaging i.e. charger, SIM card, battery, Welcome Guide and phone handbook.
3.17.4 Alternatively you can contact FonFix which is a company based in Sandyford, Dublin who offer a Mobile Phone /
                Device repair service, please click on their website
www.fonfix.ie
to review the services they have to offer.
3.18
Internet Service
3.18.1 We will always try to make Tesco Mobile Services available to you. However, Tesco Mobile's Services are only
                available within our coverage area. Information regarding our coverage area and estimated maximum mobile internet speed
                in any particular geographical area is available on the
mobile coverage map
published on the Tesco Mobile website. Tesco Mobile cannot guarantee that you will reach the estimated maximum speeds as
                referenced on our coverage map. There are a number of factors that can influence the speed, quality and or performance
                of your service. These are set out in clause 3.18.2 below. In the event of any continuous or regularly recurring
                discrepancy between the actual performance of the Service and the speeds set out, the Customer shall be entitled to exit
                the Agreement without penalty where the relevant facts in relation to the actual performance of the Service are
                established by a monitoring mechanism certified by the national regulatory authority (ComReg). For the purposes of this
                clause "continuous or regularly recurring" means that the Customer has raised the matter with Tesco Mobile in accordance
                with Tesco Mobile's Code of Practice for Complaint Handling (see clause 3.19 below), Tesco Mobile has been given the
                opportunity to remedy the situation and the Service is still not achieving the speeds for three (3) consecutive days
                following all remedial actions being taken by Tesco Mobile.
3.18.2 Mobile internet speeds vary due to a number of factors including but not limited to (a) the location of the
                user, (b) device capability (mobile phone, modem/dongle), (c) distance of user from the serving site, (d) number of
                users active on the site, (e) location of the device if using indoors and (f) topographical issues that arise in the
                case of valleys, mountainous terrain, trees, buildings and other obstructions. In the case of indoor use, advances in
                building insulation can also negatively impact service and speed. Within this, there may be areas where you do not have
                access to all Services or where coverage is otherwise limited or unavailable. For the most up to date information about
                coverage, visit our website.
3.18.3 We do not currently apply any traffic management measures that would impact on the quality of the internet
                access services, on the privacy of end-users and on the protection of their personal data; However, Tesco Mobile
                continuously monitors network performance to ensure that all its customers have a positive Service experience. Tesco
                Mobile endeavours to ensure that the Service received by its customers is not impacted through a minority of users
                placing excessive demand on network resources (e.g., large bandwidths over long periods) or using the Services in a
                manner that adversely affects the delivery of the Services. To ensure a good functioning Service is received by all
                users, Tesco Mobile may implement, measures that are application-agnostic to shape traffic so to avoid filling or
                overfilling a network link or node. Such measures may include a speed quality of service parameters/ limit, and should
                this measure be relied upon, any such limit would be applied across all applications and users equally and will not
                impact typical usage which includes streaming and or gaming. Should a customer's data usage become so excessive so as to
                risk affecting other network users, Tesco Mobile reserves the right to limit the customer's Service to a level to avoid
                any adverse effect on others.
In the event that Tesco Mobile becomes aware or is notified that a customer' has or is using the Service in a manner
                that breaches Tesco Mobile's terms and conditions (including for, hacking, spamming, denial of service or any fraudulent
                activities) or in a manner which interferes with Tesco Mobile's Service or causes problems for Tesco Mobile and / or
                impedes other users' experience, then the Service may be suspended by Tesco Mobile. For the avoidance of doubt, if the
                activity is due to a Virus, Malware or a Botnet on the customer's PC, mobile or other terminal device - the account will
                remain suspended until the customer has demonstrated that the malicious software has been removed and an up-to-date
                Virus checker has been installed on the device.
Tesco Mobile continuously monitors quality of service (QoS) parameters such as delay, jitter and packet loss in order
                to maintain a positive Service experience. Such QoS parameters can result in the slowing down of internet access and web
                pages failing to load. Certain applications such as video or audio applications may suffer from momentary interruptions
                and it may take more time to complete a task that involves downloading or uploading data, a file, audio or video from
                the internet. Tesco Mobile has a capacity management process in place to address and resolve these QoS parameters if
                they exceed certain thresholds (above which Service may be affected).
Tesco Mobile will, on an ongoing basis, review, and where required, update its policy to ensure that all of its
                customers can access data Services.
3.18.4 Data allowances/ volume limitations will vary according to the Plan chosen by you and is detailed in your
                Contract Form. Once you exceed your allowance, out of bundle rates are effective for any additional usage (see section 2
                Charges above for further information). Data usage is dependent on the applications, content and services used. Please
                refer to our webpage 'Data and Internet' which provides useful information regarding data and it also provides examples
                of how much data is required in order to stream a movie, play music or watch a match
http://www.tescomobile.ie/help-centre/Data-and-Internet
. For up-to-date usage information please check the My Tesco App. Dependent on your plan / service will dictate what
                alerts are provided regarding usage and spend.
3.18.5 Our Internet service provides you with a means of access to the internet; however, we have no control over the
                nature of content or services offered through the Internet. Content can be accessed either by Downloading or by
                Streaming to a Mobile Phone / Device, personal computer, personal digital assistant or other access device. This service
                is automatically available on all Tesco Mobile Phone / Devices, unless you ask us to suspend it. We are a supporter and
                member of
hotline.ie
- Hotline.ie is an anonymous facility for members of the public to report suspected illegal content especially child
                sexual abuse content and activities relating to online child sexual exploitation encountered on the Internet, in a
                secure and confidential way. See our
Corporate Responsibility
webpage for more information.
3.18.6 Downloading is where a copy of the Content is installed onto your Mobile Phone / Device for future use by you
                in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions.
3.18.7 Streaming is a live feed of data from an external source to your Mobile Phone / Device where no copy of the
                Content is installed onto your Mobile Phone / Device (other than temporarily to display the Content).
3.18.8 Where Content is delivered by way of downloading, you may save the Content on your Mobile Phone / Device but
                (unless expressly permitted) you are not allowed to save the Content elsewhere; and each separate request by you to
                download that Content (i.e. each copy sent to you) will be charged separately.
3.18.9 Where Content is delivered by way of streaming: you are not allowed to save the Content and each request for
                that Content (i.e. each viewing) will be separately charged.
3.18.10 Prior to your requesting our Internet service, you should ensure that: (a) your Mobile Phone / Device is
                compatible and appropriately enabled to receive the selected Content. (b) (Where the Content is to be downloaded) you
                have sufficient memory capacity available to receive and save the Content once Downloaded; (c) your Mobile Phone /
                Device remains switched on and connected to the Network for the duration of the Download/Streaming.
3.18.11 Access to secure financial transactions may be dependent on the make and model of your Mobile Phone / Device
                and the third party supplier of Content.
3.18.12 Should you have any issue with the Services received please refer to section 3.18 below which provides
                information regarding Tesco Mobiles Complaint Handling & Escalation Policy.
3.18.13 Access to the mobile internet service can be disabled by calling Customer Care; the mobile internet service
                cannot be partially disabled.
3.19
Complaints
3.19.1 If you have a query or need to discuss any aspect of your service or experience, please contact our Customer
                Care team using the contact methods as detailed in our Complaints Handling Code of Practice - see
https://www.tescomobile.ie/code-of-practice.aspx
3.19.2 TMI's Complaint Handling & Escalation Policy is also detailed within our Code of Practice. Our Code of Practice
                is accessible from the footer of our homepage or alternatively click here
https://www.tescomobile.ie/code-of-practice.aspx
3.19.3 We will investigate any complaint in accordance with our Complaints Handling Policy, after which we will
                contact you with the results. If you are not satisfied with the response or resolution offered and you wish to initiate
                a dispute with us or compensation claim, please refer to our Code of Practice which also outlines the methods of
                initiating same.
3.20
Accessing Content
3.20.1 You will comply with the terms and conditions and/or acceptable use policies of any third party Content
                providers.
3.20.2 Your dealings with third parties using the Services unless explicitly stated by us, are solely between you and
                the person with whom you are dealing. We are not responsible for any losses or damages that may arise from any such
                dealings.
3.20.3 We do not accept responsibility for third party websites nor are we liable for their Content. You are
                responsible for all information that you upload, email or otherwise transmit via your Mobile Phone / Device and/or the
                Internet. If you encounter content or have concerns in respect of potentially illegal content (specifically child sexual
                abuse material (CSAM)), you can report this anonymously and confidentially via
Hotline.ie
. Just click on the link.
3.20.4 Content may be protected by copyright, trade mark registration or other intellectual property rights, so you
                are prohibited from editing or modifying Content, copying, distributing or forwarding the Content to one or more third
                parties or allowing third parties to access it, without the consent of the owner of such copyright, trade mark or other
                intellectual property rights.
3.21
Malicious, Nuisance or Bullying communications
If you or your child are in receipt of any malicious, nuisance or bullying communications please call Customer Care
                and report this.
See following
link
to a Mobile Industry booklet which explains how mobile phones work and what modern handsets are capable of beyond talk
                and text (e.g. the internet). It offers parents advice for dealing with negative experiences that children may encounter
                with their mobile phone e.g. bullying, and where to report inappropriate communications.
3.22
Premium Rate Services
3.22.1 Premium Rate Services (PRS) are goods & services you can buy using your phone credit or telephone bill to pay
                for them. Tesco Mobile provides you with a means of access to avail of PRS services, examples include TV voting (e.g.
                The X Factor); Quizzes and competitions (e.g. The Late Late Show, radio competitions); Charity donations and Digital
                content (e.g. music, videos, wallpapers, games). However, we are not responsible for these services. PRS services are
                provided by PRS service providers and
ComReg regulates the PRS industry - see for more information here
. If you wish to bar access to PRS, please see our
Help Centre
which provides useful information regarding the functionalities available.
3.22.2 If you are under 18 you are not allowed access Adult Content. If you are aged 18 or over and wish to access
                Adult Content, you must meet the requirements of the Tesco Mobile age verification process.
3.23
Mytescomobile app
With the Mytescomobile app you can monitor your usage and remaining credit/balances, top up, pay your latest bill and
          much more. Available for download in the Apple Store or Google Play. To discontinue use or opt out of the app, just
          delete the app from your handset.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
4.1
Privacy and use of personal data
4.1.1 We will use the personal data we hold about you including your name, address, your Mobile Phone / Device number
              and spending ("your information") to manage our relationship with you, conduct research on your use of the Services,
              help us make informed business decisions and inform you of Tesco Mobile offers and services. We will send you relevant
              offers and news about our products and services in a number of ways including by mobile call, email, SMS, post or online
              advertising. If you would prefer us not to inform you of offers and services, please let us know by contacting customer
              care or by updating your preferences on the website or app. If you change any of your details please let us know. This
              Section 4 is in addition to our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
4.1.2 If you use a credit or debit card for any Tesco Mobile service, we may request additional information regarding
              your credit or debit card details for security purposes.
4.1.3 If you register your Tesco Clubcard number to your Mobile Phone / Device number to allow you to collect Tesco
              Clubcard points you agree to the sharing of your Tesco Clubcard information with us for the allocation of points and
              marketing purposes including direct marketing via post, email, telemarketing and SMS. Please note that this use of your
              personal data is additional to and does not affect the use by Tesco Clubcard of personal data collected by Tesco
              Clubcard in accordance with the Tesco Clubcard terms and conditions.
4.1.5 We may monitor and record calls or other engagements made to or by customer care for training purposes and to
              improve the services we offer you.
4.1.6 We will pass your personal data to any successors in title to our business and suppliers that process data on
              our behalf. We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individual customer is identified) for
              marketing and development purposes. We will not pass your information to anyone else.
4.1.7 We will comply at all times with data protection legislation and any other legislation relating to the
              protection of personal information.
4.1.8 You have a number of rights in regards to the personal data we hold about you including;
the right to access the personal data we hold about you.
the right to rectify incorrect or inaccurate personal data
the right to erase personal data where;
We no longer need to keep your personal data
You have successfully made a general objection as outlined below
You have withdrawn your consent to us using your personal data (and we do not have any other grounds to use it)
We have unlawfully processed your personal data.
the right to object to processing;
General objection - We will consider your objection to our use of your personal data. If on balance, your rights
                outweigh our interests in using your personal data, then we will at your request either restrict our use of it or delete
                it
Objection in relation to direct marketing - If you make such an objection, we will stop using your personal data for
                direct marketing purposes.
the right to restrict to the processing, including;
You have successfully made a general objection as outlined above
You challenge the accuracy of the personal data we hold
We have used your personal data unlawfully, but you do not want us to delete it
the right of portability whereby the personal data we hold about you, (that was provided by you, is processed by
              automated means and is processed on the basis of consent / contract) will be provided to you in a commonly used machine
              readable format.
The right to complain where you are unsatisfied with our processing of your personal data to the Data Protection
              Commission.
Address:
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
D02 RD28
Dublin 2
Ireland
Website:
www.dataprotection.ie
4.1.9 To discuss you're the above rights or execute them please write to us at; Data Protection Officer, Tesco Mobile
              Ireland Limited, Gresham House, Marine Road, Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin. Alternatively you may email
dataprotectionTMI@tesco.com
. To action any of your rights we may require proof of identity or further information from you to help complete your
              request. We will aim to provide you with the outcome of your request in a timely fashion however in instances where the
              request is complex we may require addition time to compete however will communicate any delay and expected timelines to
              you as soon as possible.
4.1.10 If you are under 18 years of age, your parent or guardian may register with Tesco Mobile as an authorised
            person on your Account. We may provide certain limited personal information about your Account, including your usage, to
            the authorised person and will allow the authorised person to make certain changes to the Account or Service. When you
            are over 18 years of age, you may instruct us to cancel the authorised person's access to your Account.
USE OF OUR WEBSITE
5.1.1 You agree to abide by all applicable national and international laws and are solely responsible for all acts or
              omissions that occur under your usage, including the content of your transmissions through the Website.
5.1.2 All information, designs, drawings and other specifications provided on the Website are the exclusive property
              of Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited. Any copying, transmission or re-transmission requires the prior written approval of
              Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited.
5.1.3 We accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
              This means you cannot inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection.
5.2
Disclaimer of Warranties
The information contained on the Website is for information purposes only and, although we have made every effort to
            ensure the correctness of the information contained there, the information available through the Website is provided
            without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied.
5.3
Cookies
5.3.1 Session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the
            site. This information is not stored after you have left the site.
5.3.2 Persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend
            on the lifetime of the specific cookie but this may be indefinitely or until deleted).
5.3.3 Web beacons, which are electronic images (also called "clear gifs" or "web bugs") that allow us to count the
            number of users who have visited these web pages.
5.3.4 Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you. However, if you are an existing customer and you have
            logged onto our Website and identified yourself as a customer, we may be able to connect your personal information with
            your cookie information.
5.4
Other websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control. If you access other websites using the
            links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance
            with their privacy policy.
GENERAL
6.1 You must let us know if you change your name, address, telephone number or payment details or there are any changes to
          your bank account or payment card arrangements
6.2 If we break this Agreement, we will be liable for foreseeable and direct losses suffered by you up to a maximum
          of â‚¬250. We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or which are not
          foreseeable (such as loss of opportunity). If you suffer any loss you must let us know as soon as possible by contacting
          customer care.
6.3 We do not exclude or restrict our liability for (a) death or personal injury caused by our negligence, (b) fraud,
          or (c) any of our liabilities that cannot by law be restricted.
6.4 If at any time we do not require you to comply with any part of your Agreement with us, this does not prevent us
          from asking you to at a later time.
6.5 If any part of our Agreement is found to be invalid by any Court or other regulatory or competent body, the
          invalidity will not affect the rest of the Agreement, which shall remain in force.
6.6 Any notices or communications that you send to us must be sent to customer care at Tesco Mobile Customer Care, PO
          Box 11027 Freepost F4409, Dublin 3. Any notices or communications that we send to you will be sent by text message to
          your
6.7 Our Agreement is governed by Irish law and any disputes about our Agreement will be decided exclusively in the
          Irish courts.
6.8 Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of
          such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
6.9 The section titles in the terms of use are solely used for the convenience of the parties and have no legal or
          contractual significance.
Definitions: In these Terms and Conditions the following terms have the following meanings:
A Botnet - a collection of compromised computers (including data enabled-handsets) connected to the Internet (these are
        also known as 'bots'). When a computer becomes compromised, it becomes a part of a botnet." As per above there is no
        distinction as to whether an individual is using a modem or tethering via a handset.
A Virus/Malware - a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer data enabled handset or
        terminal device to another, including but not limited to adware and spyware programs that do not have the reproductive
        ability. A virus is spread from one device to another (in some form of executable code) over a network or the Internet.
        Malware includes, computer worms, Trojan horses, spyware, dishonest adware and other malicious and unwanted software.
Account: a Tesco Mobile account applicable to one Mobile Phone / Device number for which you have chosen to receive
        Services;
Activity Criterion: to ensure your service is not suspended due to inactivity - you must make at least one chargeable
        outbound service usage in the 180-day period following activation of a voucher or credit being applied to your account.
Agreement: the agreement between you and us made up of (1) these Terms and Conditions, (2) any other terms and
        conditions for specific Services shown on our Website, (3) the Charges, (4) the description of the Services;
Cancellation Charge: the charge that you are liable for should you terminate the Agreement within the agreed Minimum
        Term. The Cancellation Charge is the sum of any outstanding charges and the recurring monthly charges for the remainder
        of the Minimum term;
Charge: the charges that you agree to pay for the Services as shown on our Website;
Content: textual, visual or other information, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound and other material
        created by, appearing on or available on or through Tesco Mobile (or third party Content providers);
Credit: the credit on your Account;
Customer Care: our customer care service can be contacted for free on 1749 from a Tesco Mobile number or 089 420 0000
          from any other number alternatively using the multiple access mediums as detailed on Tesco Mobile's contact Customer
          Care webpage -see
http://www.tescomobile.ie/help-centre/contact-support.aspx
;
Denial of service - an attempt to make a computer or network resource unavailable to its intended users usually by
        saturating the target machine with external communications requests, such that it cannot respond to legitimate traffic.
Equipment: means, unless otherwise specified, the handset or other terminal or modem (e.g. dongle for mobile broadband),
        the Tesco Mobile SIM Card and/or any other equipment which is provided by Tesco Mobile to the Customer pursuant to this
        Agreement in connection with the Services;
Hacking - when an unauthorised person attempts to access another computer, network or system. Infringing on the privacy
        of others or damage to computer-based property such as files, web pages or software.
Mobile Phone / Device: the Mobile Phone /Device to which our Agreement relates;
Network: the telecommunications system used by Tesco Mobile;
Network Operator: any person(s) authorised or permitted to run a Telecommunications system over which we provide Tesco
        Mobile Services.
Network Management Tools: Tools used by Tesco Mobile to monitor data traffic and to implement measures to manage traffic
        including in accordance with Tesco Mobile's Network Management Policy.
Delay - the time it takes for a piece of data (a "packet") to travel across the network from one node or endpoint to
        another.
Jitter - metric for the variation in delay of packets that flow from one node or endpoint to another through the network
Packet loss - the proportion of packets lost in transit from a node or endpoint to another during a specified time
        interval.
Peer to peer traffic - In peer to peer (P2P) network, the "peers" are computer systems which are connected to each other
        via the Internet. Files can be shared directly between systems on the network without the need of a central server. In
        other words, each computer on a P2P network becomes a file server as well as a client. The only requirements for a
        computer to join a peer-to-peer network are an Internet connection and P2P software. Common P2P software programs
        include Bit-torrent and eDonkey.
Plan: means the Pay Monthly or Prepay plan you have selected - see
www.tescomobile.ie/
For Bill Pay Plans -
www.tescomobile.ie/bill-pay-plans.aspx
. For Prepay Plans / Offers -
www.tescomobile.ie/prepay-plans.aspx
Prepay: means you pay Charges in advance by placing Credits on your Account;
'Refer To Drawer Fee' – charge applied due to cost incurred as a result of a failed payment;
Security breach - a security breach is when Tesco Mobile's Services are being used for, hacking, spamming, denial of
        service. Also any unauthorised hacking or infiltration of Tesco Mobile network infrastructure would also constitute a
        security breach. Any data capable device (Data Modem or Handset) can be used to cause a security breach.
Services: means any service made available by Tesco Mobile on the Network;
Spamming - the distribution of unsolicited commercial advertisements online.
SIM Card: the card used with a Mobile Phone to access the Services;
These Terms and Conditions: these terms and conditions, as updated from time to time;
Top Up: means pre-purchased credit you buy and place on your Account;
We or us: Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited (or our agent), whose registered office is at Gresham House, Marine Road, Dun
        Laoghaire, Co Dublin;
You: you, the customer with whom we make this Agreement, including any person we reasonably believe is acting with your
        authority or knowledge;
Website: means
www.tescomobile.ie
or
www.tesco.ie
(and click on Tesco Mobile) or any other website that replaces them.
Compare phones
Samsung Galaxy S24 FE
Apple iPhone 15
Samsung Galaxy S24
Honor 200
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14 Pro+ 5G
Apple iPhone 13
Apple iPhone 14
Oppo Reno12 Pro 5G
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G
Samsung Galaxy A35 5G
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6
Apple iPhone 12
Apple iPhone 15 Pro
Apple iPhone 16
Apple iPhone 16 Plus
Apple iPhone 16 Pro
Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max
Honor 200 Pro
Mint+ Apple iPhone 12
Mint+ Apple iPhone 13
Samsung Galaxy A16
Samsung Galaxy A55 5G
Samsung Galaxy S25
Samsung Galaxy S25+
Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14
Xiaomi 14T
Xiaomi 15
Xiaomi 15 Ultra
Xiaomi MIX Flip
Samsung Galaxy S24 FE
Apple iPhone 15
Samsung Galaxy S24
Honor 200
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14 Pro+ 5G
Apple iPhone 13
Apple iPhone 14
Oppo Reno12 Pro 5G
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G
Samsung Galaxy A35 5G
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6
Apple iPhone 12
Apple iPhone 15 Pro
Apple iPhone 16
Apple iPhone 16 Plus
Apple iPhone 16 Pro
Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max
Honor 90 Smart
Honor X6b
Honor 200 Pro
Mint+ Apple iPhone 11
Mint+ Apple iPhone SE 2020
Mint+ Apple iPhone 12
Mint+ Apple iPhone 13
Nokia 2660
Oppo A17 - Nearly New
Mint+ Apple iPhone 12 White
Samsung Galaxy A05s
Samsung Galaxy A16
Samsung Galaxy A55 5G
Samsung Galaxy S25
Samsung Galaxy S25+
Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra
TCL 4042S
TCL 406 - Nearly New
TCL 501
TCL 505
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14
Xiaomi 14T
Xiaomi 15
Xiaomi 15 Ultra
Xiaomi MIX Flip
Xiaomi Redmi 12C - Nearly New
TCL 40 SE - Nearly New
Xiaomi Redmi 14C
HMD Pulse Pro
Xiaomi Redmi A3
Honor 200 Smart
Compare Phones
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.tescomobile.ie/about-us/privacy-policy.aspx:
Skip to main content
At Tesco Mobile, we’re working hard to serve customer a little better every day.  Looking after the personal data you share with us is a hugely important part of this.  We want you to be confident that your data is safe and secure with us, and understand how we use it to offer you a better and more personalised shopping experience.
What this policy covers
The data controller is Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited (referred to in this policy as "we" or "us").
We are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal data.  That's why we've developed this privacy and cookies policy ("Policy"), which:
sets out the types of personal data that we collect;
explains how and why we collect and use your personal data;
explains when and why we will share personal data within the Tesco Group and with other organisations; and
explains the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.
We offer a wide range of products and services, so we want you to be clear about what this Policy covers.  This Policy applies to you if you use our services (referred to in this Policy as "our Services").  Using our Services means:
contacting us in relation to our products and services
buying or using our products and services
engaging with us over the phone, or online, or otherwise using any of the websites ("our Websites") or Social Media channels, or mobile applications ("our Mobile Apps") where this Policy is posted; or
registering your Clubcard with us
subscribe to newsletters, alerts or other services from us;
This Policy also refers to our use of CCTV systems as managed and provided by Tesco Ireland Limited. Further details can be found in their privacy and cookie policy.
Some other parts of our business and other Tesco Group companies may need to collect and use personal data to provide you with their products and services and for certain other purposes.  They have their own privacy policies that explain how they use your personal data.
Our Websites or Mobile Apps may contain links to other websites operated by other organisations that have their own privacy policies.  Please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal data on a website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites of other organisations.
Personal data we collect
This section tells you what personal data we may collect from you when you use our Services and what other personal data we may receive from other sources.
When you register for our Services, you may provide us with:
Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and date of birth and title
Unique device identifiers such IMEI, IMSI title, passwords, account number
Proof of address and identity (such as utility bill or photo id)
Payment information such as bank account, credit or debit card information
Employment details
Marketing preference, National Directory Database contact preference,
Some information defined as "Special Categories" of personal data for example if you have a vison or hearing impairment so that we can provide appropriate service to you in accordance with our regulatory obligations.
Register your Clubcard to avail of rewards
When you use our mobile telecommunication services, we may collect or you may provide us with:
Traffic data such as calls, texts, MMS, data usage including details on date, time duration, costs, location. This data is processed in accordance with the Communications (Retention of Data) Act, 2011
When you shop with us online or browse our Websites or use our Mobile Apps, we may collect:
Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and Mobile Apps and information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites)
Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers)
When you use Clubcard to shop with us, or use Clubcard vouchers or coupons, we may collect:
Transaction information, including the in-store and online purchases you earn Clubcard points for and how you use your Clubcard coupons with Tesco Mobile
When you contact us or we contact you or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or reviews about our Services, we may collect:
Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services (for example, your name, username and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media
Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys or reviews.
When you visit our locations in Tesco Ireland Limited stores
footage of you may be recorded on CCTV systems as provided by Tesco Ireland Limited
Other sources of personal data
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as other communications service providers and network operators, specialist companies that supply information, online media channels, our Retail Partners and public registers.  For example, this other personal data helps us to:
Facilitate mobile number switching, provide roaming services
Enable our decision making through credit scoring and or automated decision making systems when assessing an application
Protect our business from fraud or debt
Manage your Clubcard coupons with Tesco Mobile
Review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold; and
Improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising.
How and why we use personal data
This section explains in detail how and why we use personal data.
We use personal data to
This means that processing your personal data allows us to
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
Legal Basis
Make our Services available to you
Meet with our regulatory and legislative obligations such as processing and retaining traffic data i.e. calls, text, MMS, data usage, date, time, duration, costs, location
Identify validation, fraud prevention
Meet our various obligations as a telecommunications provider as applicable from time to time such as Communications (Retention of Data) Act, 2011
Legal Obligation
Provide you with telecommunications services
Provide billing for your use of our services
Process payments for your use of our services
Provide you with customer care
Update you on changes to your services
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer accounts, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy and help you with any orders and refunds you may ask for.
Contractual Necessity
- provision of services
- purchase & transactions data
- contact details
We will not be able to provide you with your products or services if you do not provide us with this information.
Manage our credit risk profile
Legitimate interests
Manage and improve our day-to-day operations
Manage and improve our Websites and Mobile Apps
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Websites and Mobile Apps to improve your customer experience.
Some cookies are necessary so you should not disable these if you want to be able to use all the features of our Websites and Mobile Apps.  You can disable other cookies but this may affect your customer experience. For more information about cookies and how you can disable them, see the cookies and similar technologies section.
Legitimate Interests
Help to develop and improve our product range, services, stores, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you
We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product range, services and stores.  This allows us to serve you better as a customer.
Legitimate Interest
Contractual Necessity
Detect and prevent fraud or other crime
It is important for us to monitor how our Services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services.  This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our Services.
Legal Obligation
Contractual Necessity
Legitimate Interest
Investigate and respond to complaints or illegal activity on our service or activity outside our terms and conditions
To ensure that we are adequately investigating and addressing any complaints
Legal Obligation
Contractual Necessity
Legitimate Interest
So that we can investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and violations of our Terms of Service and/or applicable law.
To ensure that we are protecting our services from misuse
Legal Obligation
Contractual Necessity
Legitimate Interest
In many cases we aggregate and/or anonymise your personal information so that it no longer identifies you.
We use this data so that we can better understand our customers and how they use our services so that we can improve our services to provide a better customer experience or to create new services
Enhance our products and services
Legitimate Interest
Personalise your Tesco Mobile experience
Use your online browsing behaviour as well as your in-store and online purchases (including Clubcard transactions where registered) to help us better understand you as a customer and provide you with personalised offers and services.
Looking at your browsing behaviour and purchases allows us to personalise our offers and services for you.  This helps us meet your needs as a customer.
Legitimate Interests
Provide you with relevant marketing communications (including by mobile call, email, SMS, post or online advertising), relating to our products and services.
As part of this, online advertising may be displayed on websites across the Tesco Group and on other organisations’ websites and online media channels. We may also measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications.
We want to ensure that we provide you with marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests. To achieve this we also measure your responses to marketing communications relating to products and services we offer, which also means we can offer you products and services that better meet your needs as a customer.
For most marketing communications we rely on your
consent
(which you can withdraw at any time) however there are situations in which it is in our
legitimate interests
to use your personal data in this way.
You can change your marketing choices, both when you register with us, and at any time after that.
You also have choices when it comes to online advertising.  We set out below your choices when it comes to cookies, and how you can control your online behavioural advertising preferences.
Contact and interact with you
Contact you about our Services, for example by phone, email, SMS or post or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.
We want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.
Contractual Necessity
Legitimate Interest
Manage promotions and competitions you take part in
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage the promotions and competitions you choose to enter.
Consent
Invite you to take part in and manage customer surveys, reviews and other market research activities carried out by the Tesco Group and by other organisations on our behalf.
We carry out market research to improve our Services.  However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research, we will respect this choice.  This will not affect your ability to use our Services.
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Claims
In order to resolve legal claims or disputes involving you or us.
For example disputes or legal engagement relating to our services
Bringing or Defending Legal Claims
CCTV
To prevent and detect crime
In order to protect our business, the local community, customers and colleagues.
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interests
To help us to better understand you as a customer and to be able to provide you with services and marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests we also combine personal data we collect when you make purchases in-store using Clubcard with personal data collected from our Websites, Mobile Apps and other sources.
Our Legitimate Interests in using your personal data
Where we have mentioned above our use of your personal data is based on our "legitimate interests", these are:
to service our customers’ needs, including delivering our products and services;
to promote and market our products and services;
to service your account (such as enabling Clubcard coupons with Tesco Mobile), manage complaints and resolve any disputes;
to understand our customers including their patterns, behaviours as well as their likes and dislikes;
to protect and support our business, colleagues, customers and shareholders;
to prevent and detect anti-social behaviour, fraud and other crime;
to test and develop new products and services as well as improve existing ones.
Sharing personal data within the Tesco Group including Tesco Ireland Limited
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within the Tesco Group.
We may share the personal data we collect with other companies in the Tesco Group.  For example, we share personal data with the following Tesco Group companies.
Tesco Clubcard
Where you have registered and agreed, Tesco Mobile Ireland may share information with Clubcard (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour. This helps us to improve our service and make our marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Clubcard use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
dunnhumby
dunnhumby, part of the Tesco Group, is also one of our main service providers. dunnhumby help us to use personal data to help improve our understanding of customers and personalise your customer experience.  You can find out more about what dunnhumby do
here
Sharing personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers
This section explains how and why we share personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers.
When we share personal data with these companies we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
Retail Partners
We work with a number of Retail Partners who sell products through our Services
Service Providers
Other communications service providers and network operators for provision of services such as switching, roaming and for the detection, identification and prevention of payment default, theft and fraud. Credit scoring and or automated decision making systems when assessing an application. Credit reference and or fraud prevention agencies. If we suspect that you have given us false information and we have reasonable grounds to do a further investigation. We may pass on your data to a third party if you fail to meet your contractual obligations.
We work with carefully selected Service Providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf.  These include, for example, companies that help us with technology services, storing, combining and analysing data, processing payments, provide us with legal or other professional services as well as delivering orders.  We only share personal data that enable our Service Providers to provide their services.
Some of the Service Providers we work with operate online media channels, and they place relevant online advertising for our products and services, as well as those of our suppliers and our Retail Partners, on those online media channels on our behalf.  For example, you may see an advert for our products and services as you use a particular social media site.
Examples of our Service Providers include Facebook, Adobe, Dunnhumby and WorldPay.
Sharing personal data with other organisations
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other organisations.
We may share personal data with other organisations in the following circumstances:
Credit scoring and or automated decision making systems when assessing an application
Credit reference and or fraud prevention agencies
If we suspect a material breach of our terms and conditions and we have grounds to investigate further
Your mobile number (Calling line identity) will be visible when calling the emergency services. You can amend this for calls to other parties however are unable to mask your number when sending SMS or MMS messages.
if the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data or for the administration of justice or the prevention, detection, investigation of a serious offence.
if we need to share personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud);
where we restructure, sell or transfer our business (or a part of it). For example in connection with a takeover or merger.
How we protect personal data
We know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. This section sets out some of the measures we have in place:
We apply physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data;
We protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it;
We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption to keep this data safe;
We only authorise access to employees and trusted partners who need it to carry out their responsibilities;
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security;
We will ask for proof of identity before we share your personal data with you; and
We will reveal only the last four digits of your payment card number when confirming an order.
Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, it is important that you keep your login details and devices protected from unauthorised access.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").  It may also be processed by companies operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our service providers.  If we do this we ensure that your privacy rights are respected in line with this Policy. The most common way we do this is to put in place a specific type of contract, a copy of this type of contract can be found
here
or through an approved scheme such as the
Privacy Shield
.
How long we use personal data for
We will not keep your personal data longer than we need to, how long this is depends on several factors, including:
Why we collected it in the first place;
How old it is;
Whether there is a legal/regulatory reason for us to keep it;
Whether we need it to protect you or us.
The Communications (Retention of Data) Act, 2011 provides the following retention periods to specific data generated by your activity on our network.
Call and text data
We will retain your voice call and text data records (e.g. date, time, duration) for up to six months in our customer care systems.
For legal purposes call and text usage will be kept for up to two years.
For inter-operator billing purposes such records are kept for up to 12 months
This retention will take place in a restricted access system and the data will not be used for commercial purposes.
Data usage records
We will retain your data usage records (e.g. capacity usage) for up to six months in our customer care systems.
For legal purposes data usage will be kept for up to two years.
For inter-operator billing purposes such records are kept for up to 12 months
This retention will take place in a restricted access system and the data will not be used for commercial purposes.
Bills and account statements
We will retain these for six years plus the current year.
We will remove the call details element of your bill after six months.
Marketing and market research
This section explains the choices you have when it comes to receiving marketing communications and taking part in market research.
We will send you relevant offers and news about our products and services in a number of ways including by mobile call, email, SMS, post or online advertising but only if you have previously agreed to receive these marketing communications.  When you purchase our products or services, or register with us we will ask if you would like to receive marketing communications, and you can change your marketing choices at any time online, over the phone or in writing at any time.
Unregistered users will receive a welcome SMS to advise them of their marketing preference and how to update their preference.
In the event that you cease being a Tesco Mobile customer we may contact you for a period of 12 months following your departure for win-back or retention purposes.
We also like to hear your views to help us to improve our Services, so we may contact you for market research purposes.  You always have the choice about whether to take part in our market research.
Cookies and similar technologies
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags and pixels ("Cookies"), to personalise and improve your customer experience as you use our Websites and Mobile Apps and to provide you with relevant online advertising.  This section provides more information about Cookies, including how we use them and how you can exercise your choices about our use of Cookies.
How we use Cookies
Cookies are small text files containing a unique identifier, which are stored on your computer or mobile device so that your device can be recognised when you are using a particular website or mobile app. They can be used only for the duration of your visit or they can be used to measure how you interact with services and content over time. Cookies help to provide important features and functionality on our Websites and Mobile Apps, and to improve your customer experience.
When you consent to Cookies on our Services, these may be used to do the following:
Improve the way our Websites and Mobile Apps work
Cookies allow us to improve the way our Websites and Mobile Apps work so that we can personalise your experience and allow you to use many of their useful features.
For example, we use Cookies so we can remember your preferences and the contents of your shopping basket when you return to our Websites and Mobile Apps.
Improve the performance of our Websites and Mobile Apps
Cookies can help us to understand how our Websites and Mobile Apps are being used, for example, by telling us if you get an error messages as you browse.
These Cookies collect data that is mostly aggregated and anonymous.
Deliver relevant online advertising, including via social media
We use Cookies to help us deliver online advertising that we believe is most relevant to you on our Websites, on other organisations’ websites and using social media. Cookies used for this purpose are often placed on our Websites by specialist organisations.
Cookies used for this purpose are often placed on our Websites by organisations providing specialist services to us.  These Cookies may collect information about your online behaviour, such as your IP address, the website you arrived from and information about your purchase history or the content of your shopping basket. This means that you may see our adverts on our Websites and on other organisations’ websites. You may also see adverts for other organisations on our Websites.
To help us to deliver online advertising that is relevant to you, we may also combine data we collect through Cookies in the browser of your desktop computer or other devices with other data that we have collected, for example your use of Clubcard and in-store purchases.
Measuring the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising
Cookies can tell us if you have seen a specific advert, and how long it has been since you have seen it.  This information allows us to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns and control the number of times you are shown an advert.
We also use Cookies to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example by telling us if you have opened a marketing email that we have sent you.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use the following categories of cookies:
Session cookies
– These enable your web browser to remember which pages on our Site have already been visited and what actions have been taken in a session. Session cookies allow users to be recognized within a website so any page changes or item or data selection you do is remembered from page to page. The most common example of this functionality is the shopping cart feature of any e-commerce site. When you visit one page of a catalogue and select some items, the session cookie remembers your selection so your shopping cart will have the items you selected when you are ready to check out. Without session cookies, if you click CHECKOUT, the new page does not recognize your past activities on prior pages and your shopping cart will always be empty. Session cookies do not collect information from the user s computer.
Cookie Name
Description
_dc_gtm_UA-78906422-1
This cookie is associated with sites using Google Tag Manager to load other scripts and code into a page.  Where it is used it may be regarded as Strictly Necessary as without it, other scripts may not function correctly. The end of the name is a unique number which is also an identifier for an associated Google Analytics account.
ASP.NET_SessionId
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written with Microsoft .NET based technologies. Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
Performance cookies
– 'Performance' cookies collect information about how you use our website e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you – all the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works, understand what interests our users and measure how effective our advertising is.
Cookie Name
Description
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited. Expires after 1 day.
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.  By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
_gat_UA-78906422-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. Expires after a few seconds.
Functional cookies
– These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Cookie Name
Description
lpTestCookiennnnnnnn
This cookie name is associated with the LivePerson chat software used to enable live chat on a website.  It is a pattern type cookie which uses a unique identifier for each page.  It appears to test whether or not the browser is set to accept first party cookies. This is a session cookie.
LPVID
This cookie name is associated with software from LIvePerson, which enables website owners to add online chat functionality to communicate directly with visitors. This cookie is believed to be a unique visitor identifier. Expires after 2 years
LPSID-nnnnnnnn
This is a pattern type cookie associated with software from LivePerson which enables online chat functionality with site visitors.  This cookie appears to be a unique session identifier.
LPSessionID
This domain is owned by LivePerson. The main business activity is: Online Chat/Customer Data
lang
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting.
Advertising cookies/Targeting Cookies
– These include targeting cookies, which record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. We also use re-targeting cookies, which remember information about your use of our Site so that we can serve promotional and other targeted information to you on other websites. These cookies are used in combination to recognise a user who is returning to our Site or who is visiting another website. Using these cookies, publishers and advertisers can draw up a profile and personalise the content you see.
Cookie Name
Description
__qca
This is a cookie usually associated with Quantcast, a digital advertising company.  They provide website rankings, and the data they collect is also used for audience segmentation and targeted advertising.
You can find more information about the specific, individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below. If you do not consent to the use of any of these cookies, please disable them following the instructions in this Cookie Policy so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your device.
Third parties operating through our Websites and Mobile Apps
Our key partners are listed below with information about the services they provide to us. This list is not exhaustive but it does include those partners with whom we have an established relationship and whose cookie technologies are most frequently deployed through our Services.
Measurement & Personalisation
To analyse how our services are used, including to test different content versions. This data may also be used to enable us to personalise our services and the marketing of our services.
Google
Product recommendations
To enrich your shopping experience by delivering personalised recommendations to you on some of our websites.
Online marketing
To personalise Tesco Mobile adverts shown to you via Tesco Mobile and on other websites based on your interactions with Tesco Mobile. For example, by using data about your transactions with Tesco Mobile, what you have in your basket and the pages and products you look at. We may also use your Clubcard data to better personalise our marketing via our main data partner, Sociomantic (a subsidiary of dunnhumby, a Tesco company).
Google
Quantserve 
                  Doubleclick 
                  Turn
Social media
To market to you via social media platforms and to enable social sharing and engagement on our websites. These companies may use your data for their own purposes, including to profile and target you with other advertising.
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
AddtoAny
Commenting Delivering ads for our Retail Partners
To power commenting on our websites (e.g. Tesco Real Food)
To enable us to personalise and deliver online advertising on behalf of our Retail Partners.
Google
You can find more information about the third party cookies in use on our Site in the table below:
Cookie Name
Purpose / Description
Third Party
__cfduid
This domain is owned by AddToAny. The main business activity is: Social Sharing Services and Tracking
.addtoany.com
uvc
This domain is owned by AddToAny. The main business activity is: Social Sharing Services and Tracking
id
This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
.doubleclick.net
datr
This domain is owned by Facebook, which is the world's largest social networking service.  As a third party host provider, it mostly collects data on the interests of users via widgets such as the 'Like' button found on many websites.  This is used to serve targeted advertising to its users when logged into its services.  In 2014 it also started serving up behaviourally targeted advertising on other websites, similar to most dedicated online marketing companies. This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service.  Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
.facebook.com
fr
This domain is owned by Facebook, which is the world's largest social networking service.  As a third party host provider, it mostly collects data on the interests of users via widgets such as the 'Like' button found on many websites.  This is used to serve targeted advertising to its users when logged into its services.  In 2014 it also started serving up behaviourally targeted advertising on other websites, similar to most dedicated online marketing companies. Contains browser and user unique ID combination, used for targeted advertising.
lu
This domain is owned by Facebook, which is the world's largest social networking service.  As a third party host provider, it mostly collects data on the interests of users via widgets such as the 'Like' button found on many websites.  This is used to serve targeted advertising to its users when logged into its services.  In 2014 it also started serving up behaviourally targeted advertising on other websites, similar to most dedicated online marketing companies. Used to manage the login process, remembers user on return visit if they choose to stay logged in.
APISID
This domain is owned by Google Inc. Although Google is primarily known as a search engine, the company provides a diverse range of products and services. Its main source of revenue however is advertising. Google tracks users extensively both through its own products and sites, and the numerous technologies embedded into many millions of websites around the world. It uses the data gathered from most of these services to profile the interests of web users and sell advertising space to organisations based on such interest profiles as well as aligning adverts to the content on the pages where its customer's adverts appear.
.google.com
SSID
This domain is owned by Google Inc. Although Google is primarily known as a search engine, the company provides a diverse range of products and services. Its main source of revenue however is advertising. Google tracks users extensively both through its own products and sites, and the numerous technologies embedded into many millions of websites around the world. It uses the data gathered from most of these services to profile the interests of web users and sell advertising space to organisations based on such interest profiles as well as aligning adverts to the content on the pages where its customer's adverts appear.
PREF
This domain is owned by Google Inc. Although Google is primarily known as a search engine, the company provides a diverse range of products and services. Its main source of revenue however is advertising. Google tracks users extensively both through its own products and sites, and the numerous technologies embedded into many millions of websites around the world. It uses the data gathered from most of these services to profile the interests of web users and sell advertising space to organisations based on such interest profiles as well as aligning adverts to the content on the pages where its customer's adverts appear. This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference and can be used to personalise ads on google searches
SID
This domain is owned by Google Inc. Although Google is primarily known as a search engine, the company provides a diverse range of products and services. Its main source of revenue however is advertising. Google tracks users extensively both through its own products and sites, and the numerous technologies embedded into many millions of websites around the world. It uses the data gathered from most of these services to profile the interests of web users and sell advertising space to organisations based on such interest profiles as well as aligning adverts to the content on the pages where its customer's adverts appear. This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
SAPISID
This domain is owned by Google Inc. Although Google is primarily known as a search engine, the company provides a diverse range of products and services. Its main source of revenue however is advertising. Google tracks users extensively both through its own products and sites, and the numerous technologies embedded into many millions of websites around the world. It uses the data gathered from most of these services to profile the interests of web users and sell advertising space to organisations based on such interest profiles as well as aligning adverts to the content on the pages where its customer's adverts appear.
HSID
This domain is owned by Google Inc. Although Google is primarily known as a search engine, the company provides a diverse range of products and services. Its main source of revenue however is advertising. Google tracks users extensively both through its own products and sites, and the numerous technologies embedded into many millions of websites around the world. It uses the data gathered from most of these services to profile the interests of web users and sell advertising space to organisations based on such interest profiles as well as aligning adverts to the content on the pages where its customer's adverts appear. Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
d
This domain is owned by Quantcast. The main business activity is: Market and Audience Segmentation, Targeted advertising services
.quantserve.com
mc
This domain is owned by Quantcast. The main business activity is: Market and Audience Segmentation, Targeted advertising services
uid
This domain is owned by Turn. The main business activity is: Marketing and Data Management Platform provider
.turn.com
JSESSIONID
Real time online advertising platform
auth_token
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting. Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
.twitter.com
twll
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting. Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
secure_session
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting. Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
guest_id
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting. Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
__utma
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting.
personalization_id
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting.
remember_checked
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting. Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
remember_checked_on
This domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services.  Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting.
SID
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
.youtube.com
HSID
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
demographics
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
PREF
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference, can be used to personalise ads on google searches
APISID
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
GPS
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
SSID
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
LOGIN_INFO
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
YSC
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
SAPISID
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
Your choices when it comes to Cookies
To benefit from all the functionalities of the Site, it is preferable that you accepts all cookies. However if you so wish, you can usually change your web browser’s settings to refuse new cookies, disable existing ones or simply let you know when new ones are sent to your device.
Web browser cookies
You can use your browser settings to accept or reject new Cookies and to delete existing Cookies.  You can also set your browser to notify you each time new Cookies are placed on your computer or other device.  You can find more detailed information about how you can manage Cookies through your browser’s help function.
If you choose to disable some or all Cookies, you may not be able to make full use of our Websites. For example, you may not be able to add items to your shopping basket, proceed to checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to sign in.
You can also manage advertising related Cookies used on our Services by opting out through the Service Providers listed in the table above or by visiting the YourOnlineChoices website. Where we display personalised adverts on other organisations’ websites, the AdChoices icon will usually be displayed.  Clicking on this icon will provide you with specific guidance on how to control your online advertising preferences.  More information is available on the YourAdChoices website.
Mobile Apps
Cookies work differently on Mobile Apps as they are coded into the App itself and will use a unique identifier created by your mobile device for use for advertising activities. You can turn off or reset this advertising identifier through your mobile device’s privacy settings.
However, please be aware that, if you refuse or disable cookies, some of the Site’s functionality may be lost.
Third party Cookies
With respect to cookies issued by third parties, only the third-party cookie issuer concerned is likely to read or change the items contained inside this cookie. Tesco has no control over the cookies third parties are likely to install. These third-party cookies are subject to the privacy statements of these third parties. To see their policy on personal data processing or to change the installation and storage settings of third-party cookies, the user is asked to contact these third parties:
Settings for audience measurement and statistics cookies:
Google Analytics
Adobe Analytics
Settings for advertising cookies and behavioural targeting:
AdRoll
TradeDoubler
Settings for social network cookies:
Facebook
Google +
In addition, disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How to do this will depend on the browser you use and we provide further detail below on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu "tools" then "Internet Options"
Click on the "privacy" tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Mozilla Firefox:
Choose the menu "tools" then "Options"
Click on the icon "privacy"
Find the menu "cookie" and select the relevant options
For Safari
Choose Safari > Preferences, click Privacy, then do any of the following: Change which cookies and website data are accepted
Select a "Cookies and website data" option: Always block: Safari doesn't let any websites, third parties, or advertisers store cookies and other data on your Mac
Children / Minors
Use of our Services and the associated processing of personal data as outlined is this policy, requires parental consent for persons aged 18 years or under. Without such consent you should not use our Services
Subject access rights
You have the right to see the personal data we hold about you.  This is called a Subject Access Request.
If you would like a copy of the personal data we hold about you, please write to:
Data Protection Officer,
Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited
Gresham House
Marine Road
Dun Laoghaire
Co. Dublin
You can also email us at
Subjectaccess.RequestTMI@tesco.com
.
Other data protection rights
In relation to your personal data, you also have the right to:
have inaccurate information corrected:
Summary of the right:
if you believe we hold inaccurate or missing information, please let us know and we will correct it.
object to our use of it:
Summary of the right:
general objection
- We will then consider you objection to our use of your personal data. If on balance, your rights outweigh our interests in using your personal data, then we will at your request either restrict our use of it (see section 3 below) or delete it (see section 4 below).
objection in relation to direct marketing
– If you make such an objection, we will stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
restrict our use of it:
Summary of the right:
There are several situations when you can restrict our use of your personal data, this includes (but is not limited to):
you have successfully made a general objection (listed in section 2 above).
you are challenging the accuracy of the personal data we hold.
we have used your personal data unlawfully, but you do not want us to delete it.
have us delete it:
Summary of the right:
There are several situations when you can have us delete your personal data, this includes (but is not limited to):
we no longer need to keep your personal data;
you have successfully made a general objection (listed in section 2 above);
you have withdrawn your consent to us using your personal data (and we do not have any other grounds to use it);
we have unlawfully processed your personal data
have us transfer or "port" a copy of it:
Summary of the right:
You have the right to obtain a copy of certain personal data once the data was:
•	Provided to us by you on the basis of consent or to perform a contract
•	The processing is carried out by automated means
you have withdrawn your consent to us using your personal data (and we do not have any other grounds to use it);
Such copy will be provided in a commonly used and machine-readable format.
To action any of your rights we may require proof of identity or further information from you to help complete your request. We will aim to provide you with the outcome of your request in a timely fashion however in instances where the request is complex we may require additional time to compete however will communicate any delay and expected timelines to you as soon as possible.
6.	complain to the Data Protection Regulator
We would like the chance to resolve any complaints you have, however you also have the right to complain to the ROI data protection regulator (the ODPC) about how we have used your personal data. Their website is
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/Contact-us/b/11.html
More Information on your Data Protection Rights
The ODPC website
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/Guidance-Material-Menu-Page/m/219.htm
contains more detail on the data protection rights mentioned above.
If you would like to speak to us about these rights in more detail, see the "how to contact us" section below.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
        For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of
Hotjar’s support site
.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data please contact our Data Protection Officer.
Phone:
01 215 2000
Email:
dataprotectionTMI@tesco.com
Mail:
Data Protection Officer
Tesco Mobile Ireland Limited
Gresham House
Marine Road
Dun Laoghaire
County Dublin
This Policy was last updated on 13/04/2023.
Version 1.3
Compare phones
Samsung Galaxy S24 FE
Apple iPhone 15
Samsung Galaxy S24
Honor 200
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14 Pro+ 5G
Apple iPhone 13
Apple iPhone 14
Oppo Reno12 Pro 5G
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G
Samsung Galaxy A35 5G
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6
Apple iPhone 12
Apple iPhone 15 Pro
Apple iPhone 16
Apple iPhone 16 Plus
Apple iPhone 16 Pro
Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max
Honor 200 Pro
Mint+ Apple iPhone 12
Mint+ Apple iPhone 13
Samsung Galaxy A16
Samsung Galaxy A55 5G
Samsung Galaxy S25
Samsung Galaxy S25+
Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14
Xiaomi 14T
Xiaomi 15
Xiaomi 15 Ultra
Xiaomi MIX Flip
Samsung Galaxy S24 FE
Apple iPhone 15
Samsung Galaxy S24
Honor 200
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14 Pro+ 5G
Apple iPhone 13
Apple iPhone 14
Oppo Reno12 Pro 5G
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G
Samsung Galaxy A35 5G
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6
Apple iPhone 12
Apple iPhone 15 Pro
Apple iPhone 16
Apple iPhone 16 Plus
Apple iPhone 16 Pro
Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max
Honor 90 Smart
Honor X6b
Honor 200 Pro
Mint+ Apple iPhone 11
Mint+ Apple iPhone SE 2020
Mint+ Apple iPhone 12
Mint+ Apple iPhone 13
Nokia 2660
Oppo A17 - Nearly New
Mint+ Apple iPhone 12 White
Samsung Galaxy A05s
Samsung Galaxy A16
Samsung Galaxy A55 5G
Samsung Galaxy S25
Samsung Galaxy S25+
Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra
TCL 4042S
TCL 406 - Nearly New
TCL 501
TCL 505
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13
Xiaomi Redmi Note 14
Xiaomi 14T
Xiaomi 15
Xiaomi 15 Ultra
Xiaomi MIX Flip
Xiaomi Redmi 12C - Nearly New
TCL 40 SE - Nearly New
Xiaomi Redmi 14C
HMD Pulse Pro
Xiaomi Redmi A3
Honor 200 Smart
Compare Phones
Quantcast All Pages Tag
**Add the Quantcast All Pages to your site and set to fire on all non-conversion pages**
Tesco Mobile Ireland Cookie Consent
Our platform uses cookies to analyse traffic, personalise advertising and show you more of what you love. Please let us know you agree to all of our cookies. You can find out more on our Privacy and Cookie Policy page any time.
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies
Manage preferences / cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
Our website uses cookies to improve your experience and personalise content. They’re widely used to improve your experience of a website, gather reporting information and show relevant advertising. You can allow all cookies or manage them for yourself. You can find out more in our Privacy & Cookie Policy page any time - you’ll also find a list of the third parties that we work with when using cookies.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies used‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies used‎
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies used‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies used‎
Back Button
Cookies used
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel