ADHD Ireland are making the reasonable accommodations to be in full compliance of the Data Protection Law (GDPR) that came into force on 25 May 2018. We value the protection and confidentiality of your personal data. We provide members of our organization, subscribers to our newsletter, the opportunity to unsubscribe from our mailing lists by contacting us.
ADHD Ireland will use your personal data only for the purpose for which you have given permission.
ADHD Ireland will not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease any personal information collected online or offline.
We will not share your data or personal information (email address, postal address, phone numbers, or names) to any third parties and will only send you information related to the purpose for which you have given permission. Your information is to be kept confidential unless explicit consent to share is given by the user.
ADHD Ireland uses secure data networks that are protected by password protection systems. Please review our Cookie Policy.
ADHD Ireland ’s security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. Only authorised individuals have access to the information provided by our contacts.
Our databases are located in the European Union.
How to withdraw consent to be emailed or unsubscribe from receiving emails:
If you wish to stop receiving emails from ADHD Ireland, you may do so by contacting us by email at:
info@adhdireland.ie
or write to us at ADHD Ireland, Carmichael Centre, North Brunswick Street, Dublin 7.
Access to information and data rectification
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information ADHD Ireland has about you.
Furthermore, you have, at any time, the right to access, modify, correct and remove your data collected in our database. You can request this by contacting ADHD Ireland by email:
info@adhdireland.ie
or in writing to:
ADHD Ireland, Carmichael Centre, North Brunswick Street, Dublin 7.
What personal data does ADHD Ireland process?
We need a lawful basis to collect and use your personal data under data protection law. The law allows for six ways to process personal data (and additional ways for sensitive personal data). Four of these are relevant to the types of processing that we carry out.
ADHD Ireland only collects the personal data needed to carry out a service requested by you or by a third party namely:
a person’s consent (for example, to send you information by email)
a contractual relationship (for example, to provide you with goods or services that you have subscribed or purchased from us)
processing that is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (for example to process a Donation declaration, and carrying out due diligence on large donations)
ADHD Ireland’s legitimate interests
When we use your personal information, we will always consider if it is fair and balanced to do so and if it is within your reasonable expectations. We will balance your rights and our legitimate interests to ensure that we use your personal information in ways that are not unduly intrusive or unfair. Our legitimate interests include:
Charity Governance: including delivery of our charitable purposes, statutory and financial reporting and other regulatory compliance purposes
Charity Governance: including delivery of our charitable purposes, statutory and financial reporting and other regulatory compliance purposes
Administration and operational management: including responding to solicited enquires, providing information and ADHD Ireland services, research, events management, the administration of volunteer’s requirements
What, When and why does ADHD Ireland process personal data?
What personal data do we collect:
We may collect the following personal information depending on how you provide such information. (eg: any paper forms you complete; correspondence with us for administration or contractual purposes; digital forms completed via our website, or online surveys; third-party companies and websites such as Paypal or Eventbrite)
We may collect data about professional contacts and partners with whom we work. Personal data collected in this way will be processed in accordance with data protection legislation and this policy. We may send our professional partners information and updates about our work (primarily by email). Such contacts can opt out of receiving this information at any time.
We may maintain a record of information related to elected officials and other holders of public office, to enable us to undertake our campaigning activity in furtherance of our charitable aims. This will include keeping a record of contact details such as address, telephone number and email address as well as publicly available voting records and committee and group memberships.
When do we collect your personal data:
We collect personal data for many reasons, including to provide you with services, communicate with you and send you information you have requested, and to administer campaigns and donations. Depending on how you interact with us, we may process data for the following reasons:
to provide you with advice or support that you have requested
to administer services ADHD Ireland is providing to you
to communicate with you regarding ADHD Ireland work, fundraising, and campaigning activities
to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and requests from statutory agencies
Why do we process your personal data: We only process these data in certain situations:
If you have explicitly given your permission to do so;
If it is necessary to process the data in order to provide a service you have requested (e.g. your address to send a publication or your bank account number to provide a payment);
If we are legally obliged to process the data (e.g. your personal data and ID number to issue further documentation with regards to an event);
If it is necessary in the public interest or for a legitimate purpose (e.g. displaying organisations and any other persons or professionals on our website).
We may use your membership data for our database to indicate that you are a member and how to contact you.
We may add a link to your website or an article published by you.
How does ADHD Ireland treat personal data?
Sensitive personal data (e.g. health information or bank account numbers) are always treated as confidential and never made public. Your data are only used for the service you have requested and we never pass on contact details to third parties for commercial purposes.
Disclosure of your personal data:
We will not share any of your personal data to any third party
– except when either we are required to do so by law, for example to law enforcement or regulatory bodies where this is required or allowed under the relevant legislation and/or we have obtained your consent. We will never share or sell your personal data to a third-party organisation for marketing, fundraising, or campaigning purposes.
How long does ADHD Ireland keep personal data and retention of data?
If you submit an application form to become a member, sign an online declaration, sign-up through our website for our newsletter service, register for an event or make a payment, we will keep your data for the time needed to provide the service you have requested and according to the legal basis. ADHD Ireland may also decide to collect some data in an aggregated form, over a longer period of time, in order to evaluate and make adjustments to its own activities (e.g. website visitors, newsletter opening track record).
The length of time that data will be kept may depend on the reasons for which we are processing the data and on the law or regulations that the information falls under, such as financial regulations or any contractual obligation we might have. Once the retention period has expired, the information will be confidentially disposed or permanently deleted.
How does ADHD Ireland keep my personal data safe and treat security of data?
Your data are processed in a way that is safe. We, therefore, use various security technologies and measures to protect your data from unauthorised access, use, loss or publication. These technologies and measures are tested on a regular basis and updated if necessary.
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures and precautions to protect your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the ADHD Ireland website, so that you can understand how those sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements, security, or other content on sites outside of the website.
What can I do about my own personal data – Your rights?
You have many rights under data protection legislation. These include:
Right of Access:
You have the right know what information we hold about you and to ask, in writing, to see your records. We will supply any information you ask for that we hold about you as soon as possible, but this may take up to 30 days. We will not charge you for this other than in exceptional circumstances. You will be asked for proof of identity as the person dealing with your request may not be the staff member you have met before. We need to be sure we are only releasing your personal data to you.
Right to be informed:
You have the right to be informed how your personal data will be used. This policy, as well as any additional information or notice that is provided to you either at the time you provided your details, or otherwise, is intended to provide you with this information.
Right to withdraw consent:
Where we process your data based on your consent (for example, to send you marketing texts or emails), you can withdraw that consent at any time. To do this, or to discuss this right further with us, please contact us using the details in the ‘Contact us’ section below.
Right to object:
You also have a right to object to us processing data where we are relying on it being within our legitimate interests to do so (for example, to send you direct marketing by email). To do this, or to discuss this right further with us, please contact us using the details in the ‘Contact us’ section below.
Right to restrict processing:
In certain situations, you have the right to ask for processing of your personal data to be restricted because there is some disagreement about its accuracy or legitimate usage.
Right of erasure – to be forgotten:
In some cases, you have the right to be forgotten (i.e. to have your personal data deleted from our database). Where you have requested that we do not send you marketing materials, we will need to keep some limited information to ensure that you are not contacted in the future.
Should you wish to contact us about the above you can do so by emailing us
info@adhdireland.ie
If you consider that your data have been handled incorrectly, you can submit a complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner
https://www.dataprotection.ie/en/individuals/raising-concern-commission
Contact us
The controller of your personal data, under applicable data privacy legislation and in regard to the processing of personal information, is: ADHD Ireland, Carmichael Centre, North Brunswick Street, Dublin 7.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, you may contact us at the above address or by emailing
info@adhdireland.ie
Complaints Policy for Members and Service Users
ADHD Ireland aims to provide high quality services which meet the needs of its members
and service users.
All staff, volunteers and Board members appreciate that most people want:
To be heard
To be understood and taken seriously
To be respected
To be given an explanation
To be given an apology, where appropriate, and
To get action or resolution a soon as possible.
ADHD Ireland recognises the right of members, visitors and service users to complain
when feeling dissatisfied with the service provided by ADHD Ireland. We undertake,
wherever possible, to resolve complaints and to prevent similar complaints from occurring.
Our Complaints Policy outlines procedures for dealing with complaints.
The policy objective is to provide procedures to control the processing of complaints as a
way of improving services to our members and service users, and enhance the public image,
ensuring that requests are acknowledged courteously and investigated efficiently and
effectively.
In order to maintain high standards and continue to improve, we have a procedure through
which you can let us know if for any reason you are not satisfied with our dealings with
ADHD Ireland. We welcome your feedback.
If you are not happy with ADHD Ireland please tell us.
If you are unhappy about any experience you have had with any ADHD Ireland service,
please call the office at 01 8748349 and ask to speak to the CEO.
Often we will be able to give you a response straight away. If the matter is more
complicated, we will give you at lease an initial response within five working days.
Making a written complaint:
Please provide all relevant documentation/correspondence and below information to assist
us with your complaint to ADHD Ireland:
Date of complaint:
Nature of complaint:
Your Name:
Address:
Email:
Telephone number:
Please return completed form to CEO at i
nfo@ADHD.ie
or ADHD , Carmichael House, North
Brunswick Street., Dublin 7.
If your complaint is about the CEO, or if you wish to make the Board aware of your
complaint please write to The Chairperson, ADHD Ireland, Carmichael Centre, North
Brunswick St., Dublin 7 (The chairperson and board will change from time to time but the
names will be listed on the ADHD Ireland website www.ADHD Ireland .ie, on our emails and
headed paper and with the CRO office).
All written complaints will be logged. You will receive a written acknowledgement within
five working days. The aim is to investigate your complaint properly and give you a reply
within ten working days, setting out how the problem will be dealt with to resolve the
situation.
If after we have responded you are not satisfied, please write to the Chair who will report
the matter to the next Executive Board meeting, which will decide on any further steps to
resolve the situation.
(Revised on October 2015)