AppSLabs OU
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Support
Privacy Policy
We at AppSLabs OU (“AppSLabs”, “we”, “us”), respect your privacy and want you to understand what the personal data we collect, how we collect, use, and share data about you. This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights to access, correct, or restrict our use of your personal data.
By using a AppSLabs App (“Apps”), www.appslabs.org  (“Site”, “Sites”) you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use any AppSLabs Apps and Sites. This Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apps (Sites) of this publisher.
What data we collect
When you use the App (Site), We may collect data, including information which directly or indirectly identifies you. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it. We collect certain data from you directly: Device information (UDID), OS version User files, Location Data.
If an our App (Site) offers you the option to register, we will collect the information you provide to us in the registration form. This may include identification data such as your name, email address or other account or registration information.
We will also collect your information when you use Apps (Sites) such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using the Apps (Sites), if such functionality is available in the App (Site). We will collect information about you when you interact with us such as when you report a problem, contact or communicate with us.
We automatically collect certain information from your device when you use our App (Site) including information about your device, carrier and other technical data.
We also collect data for Advertising. This App (Site) includes adverts.
We provide our partners with some information about the way you use our apps (sites) so they can advertise products and services that are more likely to be relevant to you.
Ad networks are companies that manage the advertising process on this and many other apps (sites). For that reason, they may know information about you based on the way you use all the apps (sites) where they provide advertising services. They compile this information to paint a picture of which types of adverts you are likely to be interested in.
You can find out more about how they use your personal information here:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation/
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We also collect data for Location Services:
Our Apps (Sites) accesses your location so it can:
– Serve content relevant to your location
– Make targeted offers/serve relevant ads
We collect data for Analytics:
Our Apps (Sites) includes measuring tools. We want to learn how you use the app (site) so we can improve it in future updates.
The data is seen: Only by us.
We collect data for Security:
The security of your personal information is extremely important. We take the following precautions to make sure it cannot be accessed or altered:
– Data encrypted in transit
– Data encrypted in storage
When you use the Sites, we may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:information you provide to us by filling in forms on our website (e.g. by -requesting the information about our products);
– information you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications;
– information you provide to us when submitting your CV (including your contact information);
– information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or send through Site (including correspondence with us, communication content and metadata associated with the communication);
– any other personal data that you choose to send to us;
We collect data for Control:
Our Apps (Sites) does not allow you to access, amend and/or delete your data. In order to delete your data contact us via support@appslabs.org.
How we use the data we collect
We may use the personal data that you provide to respond to your questions, send you updates about Services, and send you email messages about Services maintenance or updates.
Personal data collected by us with may be used for:
— feedback and/or editorial purposes,
— recruitment,
— customer support,
— statistical analysis,
— marketing and market research,
— promotion,
— advertising.
For the above-mentioned purposes, we use only personal data that we receive from you through contact forms on Site (Apps). Please notice, that we require your explicit consent to this Privacy Policy when you submit information through any of our contact forms.
Personalizing and identifying information, such as names, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, and other individual information voluntarily provided by visitors to Site (Apps), may be added to databases and used for future telephone calls and correspondence.
We may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
If you reside or are located in the European Economic Area, we keep your personal data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is processed. The length of time we retain personal data for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Who We Share Your Data With
We share some of the data about you with companies performing services for us, analytics and data providers, your social media providers, companies helping us run promotions and surveys, and advertising companies who help us promote our Apps (like Facebook, Firebase)
We use this data to improve our services we provide for you, to better understand how we perform on different devices, and provide information that may be of interest to you. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We may share your information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis and supporting Apps (Sites) functionality. These service providers may have limited access to your information, which is needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
We may also allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, parent and subsidiary companies, affiliates, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements in our Apps (Sites) or use App (Site) Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing. These companies may use technologies to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness.
We may share your personal data with various government authorities in response to court orders, court subpoenas, or other legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property, to defend against legal claims or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We also may share your personal data when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities, to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of us, the Apps (Sites), our users, customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of use and other agreements.
Cookies
Separately to our Apps, our site itself uses cookies. Certain information about you (including personal information), may be collected through the use of cookies when you visit and interact with our site. Some of these cookies are essential for our site to operate and ensure that we provide the services you requested. By using our services you agree to the use of certain non-essential cookies unless you set your browser to reject them.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or browser. We use cookies and the information contained therein for a number of purposes including but not limited to:
tracking the duration of visits and content accessed;
storing frequently used user information to personalise your online experience and ease the log-in process.
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use some or all of the features we offer. You may some of our pages might not display properly.
Security
We may use personal data to provide technical support to you, where required, and to ensure the security of our services and Apps (Sites).
We consider the confidentiality and security of your information to be of the utmost importance. We will use industry standard physical, technical and administrative security measures to keep your personal data confidential and secure and will not share it with third parties, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, or unless such disclosure is necessary in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, as permitted by applicable law. Because the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment we cannot guarantee the security of personal data, and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.
Please note that e-mails communications are typically not encrypted and should not be considered secure.
Users in California
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request certain details about what personal data we share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, the right to demand deletion of your personal information. To submit your request, send an email to support@appslabs.org. Your request will be processed within 3-15 days, after which the user will be sent a response about the actions taken with his account.
When you request only the information about what personal data we share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, use the phrase “California Shine the Light Request” to help us appropriately identify your question, and include your mailing address, state of residence, and email address.
Since the internet industry is still working on Do Not Track standards, solutions, and implementations, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Information about children
Our Apps are not directed to children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect (or knowingly allow any third party to collect) information from persons under the age of 13. If we become aware that information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us and we will promptly delete that information.
Where we store your information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of your country and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and, in particular, the US. It may also be processed by any service providers appointed by us who operate outside the EEA and their staff, and/or our own staff based outside of the EEA. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA. Data transferred will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will keep your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with our Apps (Sites) and for us to comply with our obligations under this Privacy Policy and at law.
Data deletion
Uninstallation and removal methods vary depending on your device. To uninstall and remove our Apps (Sites), please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual for reference. Any of your data stored by us will be deleted after a reasonable period following deletion of our App (Site).
At any time, you can write to us with a request to delete your personal data, or partially delete it, in this case, your personal account will be deleted with them.
Users can contact us at any time with a request to delete his personal data and / or account. When deleting personal data, the user’s account will also be deleted.
For this, the user must write a letter to our support service support@appslabs.org, which will be processed within 3-15 days, after which the user will be sent a response about the actions taken with his account.