Privacy Policy
Thank you for using the Blue PDF Pro product developed by our company (hereinafter referred to as "we")!
Before you submit personal data to us, please read and understand this Privacy Policy. We will strictly manage the personal information you submit here to ensure security. We have professional user information management personnel. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, you can contact us in the following ways, and the staff will accept and process them within 15 working days:
Email: wangyudev@163.com
Before you use our website, products and services, please be sure to read and fully understand this privacy policy. This Privacy Policy may involve some third-party personal data collection situations, mainly including the following:
1. Definition
2. How we collect and use your personal information
3. How we use cookies and similar technologies
4. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
5. How do we protect and save your personal information
6. Service Providers
7. Protection of information of minors
1. Definition
1. Personal information: refers to various information related to an identified or identifiable natural person recorded electronically or in other ways. Under this agreement, other information related to your personally identifiable information will be involved, such as network identification information, software information, device information, device connection information, document information, log information.
2. Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally provided, will endanger personal and property safety
2. How we collect and use your personal information
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements and relevant industry standards, collect and use your personal information for the following purposes described in this policy. We will collect, save and use the following information about you to achieve the following functions. At the same time, your personal information collected will be used for big data analysis, but the analysis will not be associated with you personally.
If you do not provide relevant information, you will not be able to enjoy relevant services. These features include:
1.With the improvement of product functions and services in the future, we may apply for more permissions from you in the future. You can choose to refuse, but you cannot use the function of the product after refusal.
2. Software information: We will understand the use and adaptation of authorized software and online services based on your software information, and further explore new functions and services of our products and services.
3. Common equipment information: We will accept and record the relevant information you use according to your specific operations in software installation and use, including equipment manufacturer, equipment name, equipment model, operating system type and version, hardware serial ID, storage space, device MAC address, device settings, unique device identification code, application list information, advertising identifier IDFA, device geographic location, and the acquisition of device information will also be obtained when the authorized software is running in the background. We will learn more about our products and launch new functions and services by collecting your commonly used device information.
4. Log information: When you use the products or services we provide, we will automatically collect your detailed usage and save it as a log. Log information includes your searches and languages ​​used, location settings, date and time of browsing. We may further explore new functions and services of our products and services by analyzing your log information.
5. In order to improve the security of the system when you use our products and services provided by our partners, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, For security risks such as network attacks and network intrusions, and to protect account security, we will collect the necessary information for the realization of security functions. We may judge your account risk by understanding your software information, device information and other means. At the same time, it will also collect your device information and log information to analyze your problems when using authorized software and online services, count traffic and troubleshoot possible risks, and troubleshoot when you choose to send us abnormal information.
6. We may use your personal information to send you marketing communications by email, text message or other means. If you do not want us to use your personal information for the purpose of receiving marketing communications, you can Instructions to ask us to stop using your personal information for the purposes described above. At the same time, we may issue announcements related to our products and services by email, SMS or other means when necessary. You know and acknowledge that your click behavior on marketing information, advertising information and push information may lead us or third-party partners to collect your click behavior; if you refuse us or third-party partners to collect your marketing information, The click behavior of advertising information and push information, please do not click on any marketing information, advertising information or push information we send to you.
7. We de-identify your personal information collected through technical means. The de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. You know and agree that we have the right to use the de-identified information. On the premise of not disclosing your personal information, we have the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use.
3. How we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookies: To ensure the proper functioning of the website, we use related technologies to store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, most web browsers have a cookie blocking function, and you can restrict our use of cookies by changing your browser settings.
Do Not Track: Many web browsers have a Do Not Track feature that issues a Do Not Track request to a website. Currently, no major Internet standards body has established a privacy policy that dictates how websites should respond to such requests. However, if your browser has Do Not Tracking enabled, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
4. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
1. Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization and individual other than us, but with your explicit consent, we may share it with authorized partners for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy only, we Some of the services will be provided by third-party partners. Share some of your personal information to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and only share and provide the service with the necessary personal information.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to other companies, organizations and individuals, except in the following cases:
(1) Obtain your express authorization or consent in advance;
(2) To meet the requirements of laws and regulations, legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial rulings;
(3) If we are involved in merger, division, liquidation, acquisition or sale of assets or business, we will inform you and provide the name and contact information of the recipient's company, organization, and because your personal information may be used as a is transferred as part of such transactions, we will ensure the confidentiality of such information at the time of transfer and require recipients to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose and method, we will require the recipient to obtain your consent again.
3. Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
(1)We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
(2) If we receive a complaint or report from a third party against you, we have the right to disclose your necessary information (including but not limited to registered name, identification, contact person, contact number, etc.) to the complainant, and urge you to contact the complainant. The complainant shall negotiate to resolve complaints and disputes in a timely manner and protect the legitimate rights and interests of all parties.
5. How we protect and save your personal information
1. We will strive to use industry-standard security safeguards to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of the data. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless an extended retention period is required or permitted by law.
2. Since the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and emails, instant messaging and online communications with other third parties may not be encrypted, we strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means.
3. Your personal information collected by our products and services will be stored and processed. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and within the time limit specified by relevant laws and regulations. We will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations on the collection, use, storage and sharing of users' personal information, and use various security technologies and procedures to prevent the loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure of information.
6. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services ("Service Providers"), to provide Services on our behalf, to perform Services in connection with them, or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze usage of our Services.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google for tracking and reporting website traffic. Google uses the collected data to track and monitor the use of our services. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of providing your activity on the Services to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on. This plugin prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information about visit activity with Google Analytics.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings (such as your device ad settings) or by following the instructions provided by Google in its Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy For more information on Google's privacy practices, please visit the Google Privacy and Terms webpage: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Our Services may contain links to other websites not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policy of each website you visit. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party website or service.
7. Our Protection of Minors' Information
If you are a minor under the age of 18, it is recommended that you do not send us your personal information. Before using our products and services, you should obtain the consent of your parents or guardians in advance. It is recommended that your parents or guardians read this privacy policy carefully, and you are advised to use our products and services under the guidance of your parents or guardians. . Once you download, install, use our products, log in, register, use any part or all of our services in any way, your parent or guardian agrees that you use our products and services and agree to the entire content of this Privacy Policy , while allowing us to collect, use, save and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If a parent or guardian has reason to believe that a minor has submitted personal information about a minor to us without their prior consent, please contact us to ensure that such personal information is deleted.