SUMMARY
Below is a summary of some key terms of this Privacy Policy. This summary is for  your  reference only and does not form part of the Privacy Policy.
We at Convert Yazılım  Limited  Şirketi  listen  to  our  users  and  we  are  committed  to  protecting  the principles  of  privacy  and  fair  use  that  underpin  our  values  to  offer  a  transparent  and  secure service. We want you to be confident that your personal data is safe and secure with us.
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
how we collect your personal data;
what personal data we collect;
how we use your personal data;
who we share your personal data with; and
how we collect your personal data;
Privacy Policy - Lisa AI: Magic Avatar, AI Art
Last modified: 27 June 2023
A small note on how Magic Avatars feature works.
Lisa uses a Neural Network Model Stable Diffusion that allows users to generate personalized Magic Avatars (“Avatars”). ​​For all the important questions about how Stable Diffusion technology works, you can find the details in this
link
. Below you can find how the Magic Avatars feature works.
How does it work?
- User uploads 6 to 20 photos and selects their gender. The user can abstain from selecting the gender by clicking “Other”.
- Using these data, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is retrained to personalize the model
- After the model copy is retrained, it generates Avatars
- After the Avatars are generated, the model copy, along with uploaded photos, are deleted permanently from our servers. We set certain restrictions  to the use the Avatars in restricted cases (e.g., using nude photos, using photos of other people without their consent e.t.c.). The full list of restrictions you can find in Section 6.
- We do not use your Personal Data to generally train and/or create our separate artificial intelligence/products.
We do our best to moderate the settings of the AI model, however, it is still possible that you may encounter content that you may see as inappropriate for you. Please contact us at support@lisaai.app if you find any of the content to be offensive or inappropriate to you, we will promptly take the action and it will help us to train the algorithm better.
Face Data Policy
Storing Face Data
We don’t store any face data on our servers. Any photo of the user, including the face data added by users and the avatar photos produced after artificial intelligence training, is not shared with third parties and is not stored in our servers. The photos added by the users are deleted after the avatars are created.
How long the face data is stored?
We don’t store any face data on our servers. The photos added by the users are deleted after the avatars are created.
Which third parties do you share face data with?
We do not rent, sell or share your Face Data, including photos and videos, to any third parties outside the Company or its Affiliates.
1. Who we are?
When  we  say  “Lisa  AI”  “our,”  “we,”  or  “us,”  we’re  talking  about  Convert  Yazılım  Limited  Şirketi. This Privacy  Policy  (“Privacy  Policy”)  applies  to  all  of  our  apps,  services,  games,  features,  software  and website (together, “Services”) unless specified otherwise.
This Privacy Policy explains how we will use personal data about you and the steps we take to ensure your  personal  data  is  kept  secure  and  confidential.  It  should  be  read  together  with  our
Terms of Service
2. How do we collect personal data?
We  may  obtain  personal  data  from  you  through  the  websites,  mobile  applications  or  other  similar devices, channels or applications operated by or on behalf of Convert Yazılım Limited Şirketi.
3. What personal data do we collect?
We collect personal  data  about you  when  you give  this  to  us  in  the  course of  registering  for and/or using  our  Services  for  example  we  may  collect  your  name,  address,  e-mail  address  or  telephone number. In addition, we may also collect your height and weight data in order to provide our services properly.
Note  that  it  is  your  responsibility  to  check  and  ensure  that  all  data,  content,  material  or  data  you provide us is correct, complete, accurate and not misleading.
Data that you may provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Services may ask you to provide personal data voluntarily. For example, we will ask for certain data in order for you to register for an account with us, to begin using our Services, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us, such as:
Contact and correspondence data (such as name and email address);
Username and password;
Profile data (such as profile photo and biography); and
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account).
The personal data that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, we will try to explain to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal data.
Data that may be collected automatically
When  you  use  our  Services,  we  may  also  collect  data  automatically  from  you  and/or  your  device which may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws, such as:
Data and analytics about your use of our Services;
Your IP address and mobile  device identifiers (such as your  device  ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI);
Data  about  your  device,  such  as  device  name  and  operating  system,  browser  type and language;
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies;
Broad geographic location based on your IP address;
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent); and
Data about your use of our Services, such as in application interaction and usage metrics.
Advertising ID means Apple Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”) on Apple and Google Advertising Identity (“GAID”).  These  are  unique  identifiers  for  mobile  device  that  advertisers  use  for  interest  based advertising. They are consistent across all apps and thus allow cross-app tracking. On Apple you can opt-out this by choosing “limit ad  tracking”  option  from  privacy  settings.  On  Google Android  you  can opt-out by choosing “Opt-out of interest based ads”.
Advertising IDs are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers, which are uniquely associated with your device.  Similar  technologies  include tracking pixels  within  ads.  These  technologies  allow companies (including  marketers  and  advertisers)  to  recognise  your  device  when  you  use  websites  and applications.
Data  about  your  device  refers  to  data  about  your  device  type,  device  model,  device  maker,  device operating  system  and  its  language  or  other  technical  data  like  screen  size  or  processor,  or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application.
Some  of  this  data  may  be  collected  using  cookies  and/or  similar  technologies  (such  as  "SDKs"  or software development kits), as explained further below.
Data that we may obtain from third party sources
We may receive personal data about you from third party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement  to  direct  you  to  one  of  our  Services  we  may  be  provided  with  data  from  which  ad- network and advertising campaign the install originated from.
You  may  choose  to  connect  to  our  Services  via  your  social  media  account.  Exactly  what  data  we receive from your social media will depend on your social media privacy settings, but it would typically include your basic public profile data such as:
your username;
profile picture;
age range; and
gender
The data that we may collect from our partners could include;
Data we receive  if  you  link a third-party tool with our  Services  (such  as Facebook, Apple or Google);
Demographic data (such as to determine the location of your IP address);
Data to fight fraud (such as click fraud in advertising);
Data from platforms that our Services run on (such as to verify payment); and
Data  for  advertising and  analytics  purposes, so  we  can  optimise  the  Services  we deliver to you.
We do not request or intend to collect any special or sensitive categories of data such as any data on health, race, religion, political opinions, sexual preferences or orientation.
4. How do we use your personal data?
We may use your personal data:
1. to
enable you to access and use
the Services. For example;
To create user accounts and profiles;
To provide you with the correct versions of our applications and/or games; and
To send you service related communications including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support or administrative messages
2. to
personalise and improve
aspects of our Services. For example;
To respond to your customer support requests;
To receive error messages about any issues you / your device encounters with our Services to enable us to fix bugs and interoperability issues;
To detecting and preventing illegal activities;
To track application installs, for purposes of measuring the effect of our marketing campaigns;
To conduct optional user feedback surveys;
To remember you next time you visit one of our Services; and
Communicate with you about promotions,  rewards,  upcoming  events, and other news about products and services offered by us.
3. to
communicate
with you, including some or all of the following:
To provide you with in-app offers and rewards based on your interaction with our Services;
To serve you with relevant targeted advertisements;
To  make  you  offers  to  purchase  in-app  items  on  discount  based  on  your  activity  with our application and your purchase history; and
To send  you  marketing  communications  and/or newsletters if you  have  subscribed  for them about rewards and promotions.
4. for
research
, such as analysing market trends and customer demographics;
5. To
comply
with  legal  obligations,  including  to  prevent  and/or  detect  fraud  or  provide disclosure to the authorities when required by applicable law.
5. Why do we process your personal data?
We  will only collect and  use  your personal data (as described  in  section 4) in accordance with data protection laws.  Our grounds for processing your personal data are as follows:
1.
Consent
– Where necessary we will only collect and process your personal data if you have given your clear and affirmative consent for us to do so.
2.
Legitimate  Interests
–  We  may  use  and  process  some  of  your  personal  data  where we have  sensible  and  legitimate  business  grounds  for  doing  so.  Under  European  privacy laws  there  is  a  concept  of  “legitimate  interests”  as  a  justification  for  processing  your personal data. Our legitimate interests for processing your personal data are for us to enable you  access  and  use  of  our  Services,  to  communicate  with  you  about  our  Services  and  to improve our Services.
3.
Legal obligations
– We may need to process your personal data when we are required to comply with a legal obligation.
4. Provided that it is directly related to the establishment or performance of the contract, it is necessary to process the personal data of the parties to the contract - We may need to process your personal data when we provide Services to you or when we communicate with you about the Service. It includes that the receive and administering premium services and packages; and processing personal data to handle payment processes.
6. Who do we share your personal data with?
When you use any of our Services, we may only disclose your personal data to the following parties:
a) To  our  group  companies,  third  party  services  providers  and  partners  who  provide  data processing services to us. For example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help  to  enhance  the  security  of  our  Services,  or  who  otherwise  process  personal  data  for purposes  that  are  described  in  this  Privacy  Policy  or  notified  to  you  when  we  collect  your personal data.
b) to any  competent law enforcement  body, regulatory,  government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary.
c) to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
d) Your information regarding the payment and payment methods (including payment institutions, PSP (payment service provider), payment broker, payment service provider, technical integrator) of the Services, including those located outside of your region, is the performance, development and analysis of the core service we provide under our Terms of Service agreement; and information on payment and payment methods are transferred to our Business Partners as a third party so that our Company, as data controller, can fulfill its legal obligation.
In addition, your personal data may and will be transferred abroad and processed by our Group Companies, third party service providers and partners located outside the borders of your country, based on your approval. By accepting our terms of Service, you are deemed to have consented to the processing and transfer of your personal data abroad. If you do not accept the processing and transfer of your personal data abroad, you may choose not to use our Services.
7. What cookies do we use?
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your computer or device. We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalise our Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of our Services may then not function properly.
8. What advertisements do we show on our Services?
The  advertisements  that  you  see  displayed  on  our  Services  are  delivered  on  our  behalf  by  certain third-party  advertising  companies.  No  data  which  identifies  you,  for  example  your  name, address, email  address  or  telephone  number,  is  used  to  provide  this  advertising.  In  order  to  display advertising 
        most likely to be relevant to you, these third-party advertisers may place or recognise a unique cookie on  your  browser.  This  cookie  does  not  collect  personal  data  about  you  nor  is  it  linked  to  any identifiable data about you. By using our Services, you are consenting to the use of these third-party cookies for these purposes.
If you would like more data about online advertisements and your choices about how this data may be used by these companies, please find more data
here
9. What steps do we take to keep your personal data safe?
Your  personal  data’s  security  is  very  important  to  us.  This  is  why,  where  it’s  appropriate,  we  use HTTPS to help keep data about you secure. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
We do our best to keep the data you disclose to us secure. However, we can't guarantee or warrant the security of any data which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk. By using our Services, you accept the inherent risks of providing data online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
If you want to use the channel and chat room features, we would like to point out that personal data such as text, sound recording, photo, video, location information shared in the chat within the relevant channel.
10. How long do we keep your personal data?
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only retain your personal data only for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce  our  agreements.  We  will  for  example  periodically  de-identify  unused  user  accounts and regularly review our data sets
11. Do we transfer your personal data outside of the country you are resident?
Our Services are global by nature  and  your  personal  data  may  be  transferred  to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. We take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in our Privacy Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may  use  include  standard  contractual  clauses  approved  by  EU  Commission  and  the  Privacy  Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
12. Age Limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 18,  please  do  not  send  any  data  about  yourself  to  us,  including  your  name,  address,  telephone number,  or  email  address. No one under  the  age  of  18  should provide us any  personal  data.  If  we learn  that  we have  collected  personal  data  about  a  child under  age  18, we  will  delete  that  data as soon as it is practicably possible.
13. Your personal data rights and how to contact us
You  have  certain  rights  under  existing  data  protection  legislation  including  the  right  to  request  a copy of the personal data we hold about you, if you request it from us in writing.
Right to access
: the right to request copies of your personal data from us;
Right to correct
: the right to have your personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to restrict our use of your data
: the right to ‘block’ us from using your personal data or limit the way in which we can use it;
Right to data portability
: the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal data;
Right to object
: the right to object to our use of your personal data including where we use it for our legitimate interests.
To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy and/or make a complaint please contact us at support@lisaai.app.
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We  reserve  the  right  to  amend  or  modify  this  Privacy  Policy  at  any  time  and  any  changes  will  be published on our Services. The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page. If we make significant changes to this policy, we may also notify you by other means such as sending an email. Where required by law we will obtain your consent to make these changes. If you do not agree with any changes, please do not continue to use our Services.
15. Information Relating to Children
Our Services are intended for general audiences over the age of 18 years old. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18 years old. If you are not over 18 years old then do not download or use our services. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 18 years old, please contact us at the applicable email support@lisaai.app(please include your name, mailing address, and email address). Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 18 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.