Privacy Policy: The Security & Privacy of Users
This document was last updated on February 18th, 2021
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which WPT Global gathers, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a 'User') of the www.wptglobal.com website ('Site'). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by WPT Global.
Personal identification information
We might gather personal identification information from Users in various ways, including, but not limited to, when customers visit our site, register,subscribe to our newsletters, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our websites.Our users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Visiting users may, however, visit our website anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always decline supplying personal identification information, except when this refusal is directly preventing them from engaging in certain activities on our website.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and theInternet service provider's utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use 'cookies' to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so,note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. You can find more information about cookies in our Cookie Policy page.
How we use collected information
WPT Global collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve customer service your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions we may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature to send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails,we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email orUser may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website own terms and policies.
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.www.wptglobal.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that www.wptglobal.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Changes to this privacy policy
WPT Global may at its sole discretion update this privacy policy at anytime. If such an event occurs, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes as to keep up to date on how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of any amendments.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
WPT Global
support@wptglobal.com
Online Poker Privacy Policy
WPT Global prioritizes user privacy, ensuring a secure
online poker
experience.Our privacy policy underlines the commitment to safeguarding personal information, essential for all of our players.
The platform offers a wealth of
online poker tips, bonus codes, and
poker bonuses
,
all within a privacy-conscious environment. Recognized as the
best poker app,
WPT Global's adherence to privacy standards makes it a trusted choice for engaging in
online poker games a
nd
tournaments
.
Play Poker Online
To learn more about the
rules of poker
,
tournament rules
, or a
glossary of poker
terms you can learn more about how to play poker online.
If you are looking to play poker in Canada, play poker in Brazil, play poker in Japan or other countries you can view the poker privacy policy related to your country.