Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains the information services ("Services") that will be collected when downloading, installing, accessing or using this application and our related information, and how such information is used and shared. By using our software, you agree to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of this policy and the information described in this policy. This policy does not apply to information we collect offline, information collected in other applications or websites (including third-party websites that you may access through the application), or information collected by any third party. These third parties may have their own privacy policies and we encourage you to read them before providing or providing information through them. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions set forth herein, please do not use the software and services.
1.
WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to the information and data we collect or receive through the use of the Service. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties or companies, the content of their websites, the use of information or data that you provide them, or any products or services they may provide.
2.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Without some of your information, we may not be able to help you get a great user experience. We may collect information that you generate when you use our app, as well as information from third parties.
The information you provided.
When you use our app, in order to provide you with a better and smoother service, we may need your location, birthday, gender, name and other information. Of course, as an operational service. If you give us feedback on any comments or suggestions, we will also collect information when we interact with you.
Information collected when using our services
When you use our app, we collect information about the features you use, how to use them, how to interact with other users, and the information you use to access our services.
Hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device specific and application settings and features, application crashes with cookie-related identifiers or other technologies that can uniquely identify your device or browser.
It is worth noting that although we will use your facial geometric data to serve you better - to synthesize the face-swap video you need, we will not collect your facial geometric data.
3.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
When you use the app, some information about you, your device, and user behavior may be handled automatically, but this information is usually non-personal and we can only access it in aggregate form. We will improve our app and provide a better experience for our users based on user requests or feedback. Otherwise, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services and features of the application. Of course, our use of your information will not affect your normal activities unless otherwise required by law.
For the facial geometric information we recognize from the photos you upload, we will use it to synthesize your face-swap video.
If we work with a third party, we will share it with third parties and use some of your information or behavior for analysis to provide you with a better service. Of course, when we cancel a partnership with a third party, we will block access to all previously accessible information.
We will comply with local laws and regulations and we will not disclose your information without your permission or non-legal procedures.
4.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We are committed to keeping your information confidential. Except as otherwise provided in this policy and laws, our suppliers or partners share your information. Our suppliers and partners are collectively referred to as
“
third parties
”
. Before working with a third party, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to test third-party security features, assess the legal necessity of collecting information, and sign a confidentiality agreement with a third party to technically monitor their query behavior and comply with this Laws, regulations and conventions in the confidentiality and security measures agreement. If a violation of the agreement is found, effective measures will be taken or even the cooperation will be terminated:
1) With your consent, share your information with third parties.
2) We will use your personal and property safety or legal rights in a reasonable and necessary manner in order to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, safeguard social and public interests, or protect other users of us.
3) If you authorize the third party to inquire and collect your information, we will share your information with third parties within the scope permitted by laws and regulations and within the scope of your authorization to third parties.
4) If you need to provide your personal information, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with the types of personal information and disclosure required by law, regulations, mandatory administrative enforcement or judicial requirements. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive the above disclosure request, we will request the corresponding legal documents, such as a subpoena or investigation letter. We firmly believe that, to the extent permitted by law, we should provide the information we need to provide as transparently as possible. We carefully reviewed all requests to ensure they have a legal basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has legal rights for specific investigation purposes.
Please note that we do not share your face data with third parties and do not store this information.
5.
YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to control your information, so we have the following tools for you:
Device permissions. You can change your settings on your device to agree or disagree with the collection or display of appropriate notifications. Of course, if you do this, some services may lose all functionality.
Uninstall. You can stop all information collection for your application by uninstalling the application using the device's standard uninstall process.
We want you to know your privacy. Here are a few key points to keep in mind:
View your information. Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we hold about you (according to jurisdiction, this may be called access, portability or variations of these terms). You can contact us by email at the end of this Privacy Policy to request a copy of your personal information.
Update your information. If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we no longer have the right to use it and would like to request correction, delete or object to its processing, please contact us at the end of this Privacy Policy.
In order to protect and protect all users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before you can answer the above request.
Please note that we may reject the request for any reason, including whether the request is illegal or may infringe the trade secret or intellectual property or the privacy of other users.
6.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We take precautions - including administrative, technical and physical measures - to protect your personal information from loss, theft and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We use firewalls, encryption and network access to prevent fraud and identity theft. We also seek appropriate contractual protection for partners to process their user data.
However, please note that there is no way to transfer information or store information over the Internet. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information. When you use certain products, services, or comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and is available for them to read, collect, or use. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit under these circumstances. Be careful when using these features.
7.
HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
As long as you are an active user of our application, we will process and retain most of the personal information we provide. When you are not using it, we will begin to remove certain personal information that we no longer have for commercial reasons. However, after you last interacted with us, we typically retain personal information about your contract and business transactions for seven years.
If we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we will process such information until you request that we stop and stop for a short period of time (so that we can implement your request). We will also permanently record that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we will respect your request in the future.
Special note: For your facial data that we use to synthesize your face-swap video, we will delete it immediately after the video synthesis is completed. That is, we do not store your facial data.
8.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we
will
immediately delete the
related information
. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can do necessary actions.
9.
CHANGES
If there is any change to our privacy policy we will not notify you in advance. So you are obliged to check the changes section of the privacy policy regularly.
10.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us e-mail at
supports@nextstyletech.com
.