Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
2
Loading…
{"id": "1XRR4gg5XeivWHxcw8S1Jdh94v--3lRer", "title": "Lock Screen -privacy policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 2
Privacy Policy
information. If you use our Service, you agree to the collection and use of
information in accordance with this policy. We collect Personal Information in
order to provide and improve the Service. Except as described in this Privacy
Policy, we will not use or share your information with anyone.
We respect your privacy, which is why we make every effort to keep it secure and
safe. We recommend you to carefully read the policy so that you can understand
our practices in relation to personal information.
What Information Do We Collect?
While using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information, such as your username, email address, first name, last
name, and birthday. We will keep the information you provide and use it as
described in this privacy statement. The app does make use of third-party
services, which may collect information that can be used to identify you. We use
your information to serve ads based on third-party websites such as AppLovin,
and Google Admob and measure the effectiveness of marketing on platforms.
Why We Collect Your Data
We collect your information for a variety of reasons:
● To better understand your needs.
● To improve our products and services.
● To send you promotional emails with information that we believe you'll find
interesting.
● To modify our website or services according to your browsing behavior and
individual preferences.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. These are sent to your browser by the websites you visit and are
stored in the internal memory of your device.
This privacy policy describes how we, Lock Screen, collect, use, and store your
Page 2 of 2
These "cookies" are not explicitly used by this Service. The app may, however, use
third party code and libraries that employ "cookies" to collect information and
improve its services. You have the option to accept or reject these cookies and to
be notified when a cookie is sent to your device. If you choose to reject our
cookies, you may be unable to use certain features of this Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We retain the right to edit, amend, or change this Privacy Policy at any time and
in any way. If we intend to change how we plan to use previously collected
personal information, we will give you an early notification prior to the change
taking effect, as well as an option to opt-out of such varying uses. We urge that
you visit this page often to get the most up-to-date information on our privacy
practices.
If any user objects to any changes to this policy, the user must cease using our
These Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not
collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we
discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal
information, we immediately remove it from our servers. If you are a parent or
guardian and are aware that your child has provided us with personal
information, please contact us so that we can take the appropriate action.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us at:
Lock Screen application.
Legal information
The laws of New Jersey, United States, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the Application. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Good.
appledev650@posterapplab.com
Lock Screen -privacy policy.pdf
Lock Screen -privacy policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Lock Screen -privacy policy.pdf.