Privacy
Policy
Update date :
December  10
,
2023
Effective date :
December  10
,
2023
Welcome to
use the services provided by
FancyCam
! FancyCam
is an online product provided and operated by ALPHAPLUS GAMES
(HK) LIMITED
. (hereinafter referred to as "we").
We attach great
importance to the protection of your personal information and are committed to
maintaining your trust in us. We promise to take corresponding security
protection measures to protect your personal information in accordance with
security standards generally applicable in the industry. When you download and
install This policy applies to the entire process of opening,
browsing, using and logging out (hereinafter collectively referred to as
"
use
"
)
FancyCam
.
It should be
noted that this policy does not apply to information collected and services
provided to you by other third parties (including other companies or
institutions that provide advertising services in our services, jump links to
third-party entities, etc.), as mentioned above The services provided by the
organization to you are subject to the privacy policy explained to you.
This
"Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as
"
this Policy
"
) is signed and
becomes effective on the day you obtain and use this product and service. The
formulation, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this policy
shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China, excluding the
application of all other conflict of laws.
Before using our products and services, please be sure to read
carefully and fully understand this policy, and pay attention to the italics
and bold fonts. We reserve the right to modify and update this policy from
time to time,
please pay attention to check the latest version of this
policy. If you do not agree or accept the terms of this policy, please
stop using the products and services we provide. If you continue to use
the software after the terms of this agreement are changed, we will treat your
use as acceptance of and compliance with the updated terms.
If you want to know more detailed information, please read the
corresponding chapters according to the following index:
1.
Information we
collect and use
2.
How we share,
transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust your personal information to be
processed
3.
How we store and
protect your personal information
4.
Your rights
5.
Third-party
services
6.
How we process
personal information of minors
7.
How to update
this policy
8.How
to contact us
1. Information we
collect and use
(1) When you use our products and services, we will collect and
use the information you actively provide when using the service or that is
generated by using the service in the following ways:
1.
When you contact our
customer service or use other user response functions (such as making on-sales
and after-sales applications, personal information protection complaints or
suggestions, making complaints or demands), we will collect and use your
contact
information, your contact information with us Communication
/
call records and
content
, and other necessary information related to your needs. We
collect this information to verify your identity, facilitate timely contact
with you later and help solve problems, and to record solutions to related
problems and result.
2. When you use our services, in order to ensure your normal
use and account security, identify abnormal status of your account, understand
product adaptability, ensure the network and operational security of our
services, and improve and optimize our service experience, We will collect and
use your logs and device and software information, including
device
model, operating system, unique device identifier (
iOS
side such
as
IDFA
before
iOS 14.5
), battery,
signal strength, configuration information, login
IP
address and
mobile phone The version used by the device and the unique identification code
of the device
, etc.; information about the mobile applications ( APPs )
and other software
you have used , as well as the information (metadata)
contained in the content you shared through our services, such as the content
you shot or uploaded. The date, time, or location the photo or video was
shared. At the same time, in order to prevent viruses, Trojans or other
malicious programs and websites, we may collect application information
installed on your device, running process information or data stored in the
device memory to prevent the leakage of your personal information.
3. When you choose to experience functions that require
positioning, such as connecting to
WiFi
,
WiFi
acceleration,
optimization services, positioning and obtaining more accurate weather reports
and personalized targeted push services, we will ask you to authorize the
location
permissions
required for this function. , if you do not agree or cancel
the authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but
it will not affect your use of other functions of the product. After
obtaining your authorization, we will collect your geographical location
information through
GPS
or
WiFi
; and real-time information containing your geographical location
provided by you or other users, such as your location contained in the account
information you provide. Regional information, shared information uploaded by
you or others showing your current or past geographical location, geotagged
information contained in photos shared by you or others.
4. When you use our image processing functions such as image
beautification, wallpaper,
AI , and cutout, we will ask you to authorize
the camera,
photo
, and camera permissions
required
for this function . If you do not agree or cancel the authorization, you
will not be able to use it. corresponding functions, but does not affect your
use of other functions of the product. After obtaining your authorization,
we will
read your album image files
so that you can
experience uploading, taking photos
/
pictures
/
videos,
experience image beautification and processing services, and enable you to
publish information and comments, live video or communicate with customer
service Provides certification and other functions. If you need to
experience beautification, beautification, cutout, and
AI
special effects
functions, we will
collect your skin and facial features parameters
(this part of the information is sensitive personal information)
for
facial feature analysis, effect optimization, and mapping, special effects, and
props Function rendering, this type of information is information that must be
collected to provide this service. After collection, we will de-identify it and
will not use it to identify any specific user. If you refuse to provide it, you
will not be able to experience the aforementioned specific functions. However,
it does not affect your experience of other functions of the product.
If you choose to use certain special effects that require facial
information for adjustment or feedback, we may use plug-in auxiliary services
to provide you with comprehensive statistics and feature analysis through
algorithms to provide you with a more optimized experience and effect. It may
be necessary
to collect your facial recognition characteristics
.
When you finish taking pictures and choose to use functions such
as "Ultra-clear Portrait" and "Manga Face", in order to
achieve faster and more accurate image processing and facial effect
optimization,
we need to temporarily upload the pictures to be
processed to the server
. The uploaded pictures will only be
used for image processing and facial effect optimization through specific
special effects props or sticker functions. We will not store the pictures and
any information involved in the pictures in any form, or use them for any other
purpose. , or provided to any third party unrelated to providing this
feature. After completing the relevant image processing and returning the
high-definition image to you, we will immediately delete the relevant image and
all information involved in the image from the server.
Please note that since this part of the
value-added function of image processing is provided by Tencent Cloud, if you
really need to experience it, it will involve sending your facial information
back to the Tencent Cloud server in order to achieve your image processing
effect. Please understand that we will de-identify
/
anonymize the
above information after we collect and use it. The data analysis only
corresponds to specific codes that cannot be directly related to the user's
identity, and we promise to complete the image processing and return the
processing results to you. Afterwards, the face image information is deleted.
5.
When you use the recharge or payment function in our products, we
will use
the API
of the
IOS system
to collect information about your subscription order, such as
purchase items
,
subscription time, order status, and payment time
, for
sharing and Activate the third-party payment function. We do not collect
payment specific information and we are not responsible for the collection and
security of such information. Payment information is processed and
stored by third-party companies
(
such as Apple
)
, which you can contact through their websites :
https://www.apple.com
. Before you enter your personal payment information, we
recommend that you read and become familiar with the privacy policies of these
third-party companies.
6.
Information upload: The content generated by the customer product
name is based on the portrait image you actively upload. Therefore, when you
use this product service, we will process the portrait image you actively
upload. This type of information is necessary to use this service
.
, we will
encrypt, transmit and store your uploaded information in accordance with the
requirements of laws and regulations to ensure the security of your
information. We will not extract identifying information from the images
you upload, nor will we use them for identification purposes. For the
aforementioned uploaded information, we will ask you to authorize camera and
album permissions.
7. Other rules for collecting and using
personal
information: When
you use this service, we will process the portrait you actively upload. If
the information you provide contains the personal information of other users,
you should ensure that you have been legally authorized through the channel
before providing such personal information to us.
8.
Entrusted
processing: We may entrust authorized partners to process your
personal information so that the authorized partners can provide you with
certain services or perform functions on our behalf. We will only entrust
them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific
and clear purposes stated in this policy, and authorized partners can only have
access to the information they need to perform their duties. If an
authorized partner uses your information for purposes not entrusted by us, they
will obtain your consent separately.
(2) Exceptions with authorization and consent
In accordance
with relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may process your
relevant personal information without seeking your authorization and consent in
the following circumstances:
1.
Related to national security
and national defense security;
2.
Relevant to public security,
public health, and major public interests;
3.
Relevant to criminal
investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments ;
4.
To protect the life,
property and other major legitimate rights and interests of the information
subject or other individuals but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
5.
The information collected is
disclosed to the public by you;
6.
Collect information from
legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government
information disclosure and other channels;
7.
Necessary to sign a contract
according to your requirements;
8.
Necessary to maintain the
safe and stable operation of our services, such as discovering and handling
product or service failures;
9.
Necessary for legitimate
news reporting;
10.
When it is necessary for
academic research institutions to carry out statistical or academic research
based on public interests, and when providing externally the results of
academic research or descriptions, the information contained in the results
will be de-identified;
11.
Other situations stipulated
by laws and regulations.
Please understand
that the functions and services we provide you are constantly updated and
developed. If a certain function or service does not inform you of the
processing rules for collecting and using your information in the above
description, we will use page prompts, interactive processes, We will
separately inform you of the scope, purpose and method of information
collection through website announcements and other means to obtain your
consent.
2. How we share, transfer, publicly disclose,
and entrust the processing of your personal information
(1) Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company,
organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1.
Sharing with explicit
consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal
information with other parties.
2.
Sharing under legal
conditions: We may share your personal information externally in accordance
with laws and regulations, litigation and dispute resolution needs, and in
accordance with mandatory requirements imposed by government departments or
judicial authorities in accordance with the law.
3.
To the extent required or
permitted by law, it is necessary to share your personal information with third
parties in order to protect the interests, property or safety of us, our users
or the public from damage;
(2) Sharing personal information with partners
Only to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, some of our
services will be entrusted to be provided by authorized partners (we will sign
relevant processing agreements with authorized partners in accordance with
legal provisions and supervise their personal information processing
activities), For example: payment institutions that provide payment services,
merchants who have settled on our platform, partners that provide data services
(including online advertising monitoring, data statistics, and data analysis),
and third-party logistics companies. For details, see Article 5 of this policy.
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal
information so that the authorized partners can provide you with certain
services or perform functions on our behalf. We will only entrust them to
process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and
clear purposes stated in this policy, and authorized partners can only have
access to the information they need to perform their duties. If an
authorized partner uses your information for purposes not entrusted by us, they
will obtain your consent separately.
(3) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company,
organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1.
We will transfer your
personal information to other parties with your explicit consent;
2.
When it comes to mergers,
acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidations, if personal information is
transferred, we will require new companies, organizations and other entities
that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. If
the personal information agreed in this policy If the collection, processing
methods, purpose of use, etc. change, we will require the company, organization
and other entities to seek your authorization and consent again.
(4) Public disclosure
We will only collect or publicly disclose your personal
information under the following circumstances:
1.
After obtaining your
separate consent;
2.
We may disclose your
personal information based on mandatory requirements of laws, regulations,
judicial authorities or administrative authorities.
(5) Situations in which personal information is
processed without authorization in accordance with the law
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we may process
your personal information without your consent in the following circumstances.
1.
Necessary for the conclusion
and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
2.
Necessary to perform legal
duties or legal obligations;
3.
In order to respond to
public health emergencies, or necessary to protect your life, health and
property safety in emergencies;
4.
Implement news reporting, public
opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and process
personal information within a reasonable scope;
5.
Process personal information
that individuals disclose themselves or that have been legally disclosed by
others within a reasonable scope in accordance with relevant laws and
regulations;
6.
Other situations stipulated
by laws and administrative regulations.
3. How we store and protect your personal
information
(1) Data security protection measures
We have used industry-standard security safeguards to protect the
personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public
disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably
feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, we
will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will
use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks; we
will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel
can access personal information; and we will organize secure and privacy
protection training courses to enhance employees’ awareness of the importance
of protecting personal information; we also require all personnel who may come
into contact with your personal information to fulfill corresponding
confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may
result in legal liability or suspension of our partnership.
(2) Storage period
We will only retain your personal information for the period
necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless laws and
regulations have mandatory retention requirements. For example, the E-Commerce
Law of the People's Republic of China requires that product and service
information and transaction information be retained for a period of No less
than three years from the date of completion of the transaction; for example,
the Cybersecurity Law requires that relevant network logs be retained for no
less than six months in accordance with regulations. We mainly refer to
the following standards when judging the storage period of personal
information, whichever is longer: the necessary retention period to complete
the services related to you; to respond to your possible inquiries or
complaints; to ensure the security and safety of the services we provide you.
Quality; whether you agree to a longer retention period; whether there are
other special agreements or legal and regulatory provisions regarding the
retention period. For personal information that has expired, we will immediately
delete or anonymize it.
(3) Security incident handling
1.
The Internet is not an
absolutely secure environment, and emails, instant messaging, and communication
with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send
personal information through such methods. Please use a complex password
to help us ensure the security of your account.
2.
The Internet environment is
not 100% safe. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any
information you send to us.
3.
After an unfortunate
personal information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you in
accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation
and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken
or will take, and you can prevent and reduce it on your own. Advice on risks,
remedies for you, etc. We will promptly notify you of the incident-related
information through emails, letters, phone calls, push notifications, etc. When
it is difficult to notify the personal information subjects one by one, we will
issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same
time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information
security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory
authorities.
4. Your rights
In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards,
and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can
exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information. If you
have any questions or claims about the exercise of your rights, please contact
us through the contact information in this agreement. connect:
(1) Right of access and correction
Account information:
You
can access or edit the personal information in your account at any time
through
[My
-
Account Page] . If you need
to change your password, perform account association or identity
authentication, etc., you can use [My
-
Account Page
]. Page
-
Edit]
to proceed.
When you find that the personal information we process about you
is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct the incorrect or
incomplete information after your identity has been verified and the correction
does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information. To correct or
supplement the information, you can make corrections or supplements by yourself
through [My
-
Settings
-
Account
Management], or submit your correction or supplement application to us through
feedback and error reporting.
(2) Right to delete
You can make a request to us to delete personal
information under the following circumstances:
1.
If we process your personal
information in violation of laws and regulations or our agreement with you;
2.
If our processing purpose
has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the
processing purpose;
3.
If we stop providing
products or services, or the storage period has expired;
4.
If you withdraw your
consent;
4.
Other situations stipulated
by laws and administrative regulations.
When you delete information from our services, we may not delete
the corresponding information in the backup system immediately, but we will
delete the information when the backup is updated. Please know and
understand that if the retention period stipulated by laws, administrative
regulations or described in this privacy policy has not expired, or it is
technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop storing and
taking necessary security protection measures. deal with.
(3) Withdrawal of consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to
be completed. You can give or withdraw your consent at any time for the
collection and use of additional personal information.
1.
You can unbind your
account from a third-party account by entering
[Settings
-
Privacy
Management] , or turn off some functional options to revoke some
authorizations. You can also use the system's cache clearing function to
delete data stored in your account due to the use of our products. Clear the
local cache information of the device
.
2.
You can directly turn off
system permissions such as address book, photo album, camera, etc. in the
device system, change the scope of consent, or withdraw your authorization.
3.
After you withdraw your
consent, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services
corresponding to your withdrawal of consent, and we will no longer use your
corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw
your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information
based on your consent.
(4) Right of cancellation
You can cancel your previously registered account at any time.
After canceling your account, we will stop providing services to you and delete
your personal information according to your request. Unless otherwise provided
by laws and regulations, you can do it yourself in the following ways:
Path to cancel account: Contact customer
service to cancel and delete your personal information.
(5) Right of reproduction and portability
You have the right to copy the personal information we have
collected about you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and
regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions stipulated
by the national cyberspace department, if technically feasible, you may also
ask us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by
you.
(6) Constraint automated decision-making and
targeted push
If we push information and commercial marketing to you through
automated decision-making, you have the right to choose not to accept options
based on your personal characteristics.
You can cancel at any time by: [Settings
-
Privacy
Management
-
Personalized Advertising] and choose to turn it off
. After
turning it off, we will block personalized push content for you.
You can restrict the automated decisions made by the information
system at any time. In certain business functions, we may only make decisions
based on non-artificial automated decision-making mechanisms including
information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly
affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an
explanation from us and can contact us through the contact information in this
agreement.
(7) Obtain a copy of personal information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information
by contacting us using the contact details set out in this policy. If it
is technically feasible and the data interface is matched, we can also directly
transfer a copy of your personal information to a third party designated by you
at your request.
(8) Protection of personal information of
deceased users
After the death of a user (only natural persons), his or her close
relatives may, for their own legitimate and legitimate interests, exercise the
rights to view, copy, correct, delete, etc. the relevant personal information
of the deceased user through the contact information disclosed in this policy.
However, the deceased user Except if there are other arrangements before death.
Please understand and confirm that in order to fully protect the
personal information rights of deceased users, close relatives of deceased
users who apply to exercise the rights in this article need to submit the
deceased user’s identity documents, death certificate documents, and the
applicant’s personal information in accordance with our designated procedures
or customer service prompts. Identity documents, documents proving the kinship
between the applicant and the deceased user, and provide the type and purpose of
the rights applied for exercise.
(9) How to respond to your rights request
For security reasons, you may be required to
provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity.
We may ask you to
verify your identity before processing your request. Once verified, we
will respond within fifteen working days. If you are not satisfied, you
can also find our customer service staff to make a complaint.
In principle, we do not charge fees for your
reasonable requests,
but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we
will charge a certain cost depending on the circumstances. For those that
are gratuitously repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example,
require the development of new systems or fundamentally change existing
practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are
very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes)
request, we may deny it.
In addition, in the following circumstances, we may not be able to
respond to your request in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements:
1.
Directly related to national
security and national defense security;
2.
Directly related to public
security, public health, and major public interests;
3.
Directly related to criminal
investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
4.
We have sufficient evidence
to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights (for example, your
request will endanger public safety and the legitimate rights and interests of
others, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general
technical means and commercial costs);
5.
Responding to the request of
the personal information subject will cause serious damage to the legitimate
rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
6.
Involving business secrets;
7.
Situations otherwise
provided for by laws and administrative regulations.
5. Third-party services
(1) Our services may be connected or linked to social media or
other services (including websites or other service forms) provided by third
parties. include:
1.
You can use the "Share" button to share some of our
service content to third-party services, or you can share third-party service
content to our service. These functions will collect your information (including
your log information) to operate the above functions normally;
2.
We provide you with links through advertisements or other means of
our services so that you can link to third-party services or websites; and
3.
Other
situations of
accessing third-party services. For example, in order to achieve the
purposes stated in this policy, we may access
the
SDK
or other similar applications provided by third-party service
providers, and share some of your information we collected in accordance with
this policy with such third-party services. suppliers in order to provide
better customer service and user experience. Currently, the third-party
service providers we access mainly include the following types:
(
1
) Used for advertising-related services, including advertising
display, advertising data monitoring
/
statistics, etc.;
(
2
) Used for message push functions, including
push
notifications
from mobile phone manufacturers, specific event reminders, personalized content
recommendations, etc.;
(
3
) Used for payment-related services, including order payment,
transaction behavior verification, income settlement, payment information
summary statistics, etc.;
(
4
) Used to obtain device location permissions, collect device
information and log information, etc. with your consent;
(
5
) Used for third-party authorized services, including third-party
account login, sharing relevant content to third-party products, etc.;
(
6
) Used to support product function modules, including online live
broadcast, video playback, speech recognition,
AR
, intelligent
customer service, barrage playback, content storage, etc.;
(
7
) Used to optimize product performance, including improving
hardware distribution capabilities, reducing server costs, functional hot
repair, etc.;
(
8
) Used for account security and product reinforcement related
services, including network monitoring, domain name resolution (
HTTPDNS
),
anti-hijacking, anti-spam and anti-cheating, encryption and decryption
services, etc.
(2) Some third-party
SDKs or
similar applications
we have access to will collect your
personal information based on the product functions you trigger. If you use
such services provided by third parties in our services
, you agree
that they will Collect and process your information directly. We will
evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of such third-party services
collecting personal information, require such third parties to take protective
measures for your personal information, and strictly abide by relevant laws,
regulations, and regulatory requirements. The specific third-party
SDK
directory is as
follows:
Tencent
Cloud SDK
Company
information: Tencent Cloud Computing ( Beijing ) Co., Ltd.
Obtaining
information and purpose: Obtaining facial information to provide image
beautification, wallpaper, filter functions or dynamic facial special effects
and optimization processing effects (such as "exotic special effects"
and "aging special effects" module functions)
Official website
link:
https://privacy.qq.com/
The above third-party social media or other services are operated
by the relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party social media
services or other services (including any information you provide to such third
parties) is subject to the third party’s own terms of service and information
protection statement (rather than this policy). You need to carefully Read its
terms. This policy only applies to the personal information we collect and
does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the third party's
information use rules. If you find that there are risks in these
third-party social media or other services, it is recommended that you
terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and
interests and contact us in a timely manner.
6. How we process personal information of
minors
(1) Minors under the age of fourteen (the
"
minors
" referred
to in this policy
specifically refer to minors under the age of fourteen) should not
create their own personal profile without the consent of their parents or
guardians. Information Subject Account. If you are under
14
years old, before
using our products and
/
or services, you must be accompanied by a guardian to read this
policy, and ensure that you have obtained the explicit consent of your guardian
before using our services.
(2) For the collection of personal information of minors with the
consent of the guardian to use our products or services, we will only process
this information when permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit
consent of the guardian, or when necessary to protect the minor.
(3) If your guardian does not agree with you using our services or
providing us with personal information in accordance with this policy, please
terminate your use of our services immediately and notify us in a timely
manner.
(4) If you are a parent or
guardian and have any questions about the use of our products / services
by the minors
under your supervision or the user information they provide to us, please
contact us in time.
(5) If we find that we have collected personal information of
minors without the consent of the guardian, we will try to delete the relevant
minors' information as soon as possible.
7. How to update this policy
We may revise this policy from time to time. When there are
major changes to the terms of the policy, we will display the changed policy to
you via push notifications, pop-ups, or other appropriate forms that comply
with legal requirements when you log in and when the version is updated.
If you do not agree to the changes, you can choose to stop using
our services; if you continue to use our services, it means that you have fully
read, understood and agreed to be bound by the revised policy.
8. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or complaints
about the content of this policy, you can contact us in the following ways:
Please send an email to: [ fancycam@yeah.net ] to contact our
personal information protection specialist.
Sub-section Policy: 