WELCOME TO WARHAMMER
Please select your country from the list below. If your country is not shown and you are in the EU, please select “Rest of EU”, otherwise select “Rest of World”.
Americas
en-US flag
US
English
en-CA flag
Canada
English
fr-CA flag
Canada
Français
Asia Pacific
en-AU flag
Australia
English
en-JP flag
Japan
English
en-NZ flag
New Zealand
English
Europe
de-AT flag
Österreich
Deutsch
en-BE flag
Belgium
English
fr-BE flag
Belgique
Français
en-DK flag
Denmark
English
de-DE flag
Deutschland
Deutsch
es-ES flag
España
Espanol
en-FI flag
Finland
English
fr-FR flag
France
Français
en-IE flag
Ireland
English
it-IT flag
Italia
Italiano
en-NL flag
Netherlands
English
en-NO flag
Norway
English
en-PL flag
Poland
English
en-SE flag
Sweden
English
de-CH flag
Switzerland
Deutsch
fr-CH flag
Switzerland
Francais
en-GB flag
UK
English
selected
en-EU flag
Rest of EU
English
Rest of the World
en-WW flag
Rest of the World
English
Legal
Help
Contact Us
Help
Delivery
Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Help
Legal
Help
Promotions
Legal Section Contents
Legal Section Contents
Legal Section Contents
Data and Privacy
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
White Dwarf Privacy Notice
Legal
Intellectual Property Guidelines
Copyright and Legal Information
Taxes and Charges
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush - Safety Recall Instructions
Warhammer - Alliance Packs: Conditions of Sale
Conformity and Safety
My Warhammer Terms and Conditions
Welcome To My Warhammer
General My Warhammer Terms
My Warhammer Terms Of Use
My Warhammer Subscriptions Service Terms
My Warhammer Beta Service Terms
Data and Privacy
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
White Dwarf Privacy Notice
Data and Privacy
Privacy Notice
March  2025
Games Workshop is committed to protecting your privacy. This notice describes how we  collect and use personal information about you.
This notice applies to personal information that we collect in connection with our  websites at www.blacklibrary.com, www.warhammer.com, www.warhammer community.com, www.warhammerdigital.com, warhammerworld.games-workshop.com,  www.mywarhammer.com, other micro-sites operated by us from time to time, and our  various social media accounts (“Websites”).
This notice also applies to personal information that is collected from you by our Customer  Services team.
The data controller of your personal information collected through the Websites is Games  Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom.
The Games Workshop EU Representative for all Data Protection purposes is Games  Workshop Limited - Irish branch, Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland.
Please read this notice carefully to understand how and why we are using your personal  information.
1. The kind of information we may hold about you
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of your personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, email address and telephone  number.
Date of birth.
Country and language.
Bank account, credit/debit card and payment information.
Details of purchases and transactions carried out through the Websites and fulfilled by us. ▪ Information submitted as part of a competition operated through the Websites. ▪ Information submitted as part of a survey operated through the Websites.
Records of correspondence with you whether by telephone, email, social media or  otherwise.
School, Club or Scout group name and club size, scout leader or teacher details including  contact details, ID numbers, address and any other information submitted as part of an  application to the Warhammer alliance.
Telephone call information, including call recordings, phone number and length of call.
Gift List information.
Social media profile information, including profile name and picture.  ▪ Photographs.
Product Interests and preferences.
Details of your visits to the Websites, and information about how your device has  interacted with our Websites, including search and browsing history, the pages accessed  and links clicked.
Outcome of individual third-party risk scoring in relation to fraud prevention activities.
Information collected automatically from your device, including IP address, device type,  operating system, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic  location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
2. How is your personal information collected?
We collect information that you provide voluntarily. Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to  provide personal information voluntarily, to register an account with us, to place an order with us,  to subscribe to a service from us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to  submit enquiries to us. We also collect information that you provide voluntarily to our Customer  Services team, whether in writing or by telephone or email.
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to  provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. 
We also collect some information automatically when you visit the Websites. Collecting this  information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Websites, where they  come from, and what content on our Websites is of interest to them.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology. We use  cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal  information about you, including to serve internet-based advertising. For further information about  the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
We also collect analytical information from third parties as part of our fraud prevention obligations  which may include individual risk scoring information.
3. Why do we collect your personal information?
The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below:
To create an account for you to help us provide a more personalised service suited to meet  your preferences.
To ensure that the Websites are presented in the most effective manner for you and your  device.
To send you newsletters or catalogues or provide you with information, products or services  that you request from us, or which we feel may interest you.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. ▪ To check the authenticity of applications.
To process refunds.
To interact with you and handle and respond to communications with you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Websites and service, when you  choose to do so.
To promote customer interactions, activities and engagement.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To contact you and to update you in respect of any partially complete or incomplete orders  you have made.
To carry out your requests in respect of any Gift List you may create. ▪ To operate competitions on the Websites and communicate with entrants.
To obtain and analyse your feedback and personal submissions as part of customer surveys and to publish them on our websites and social media pages.
To reserve gaming tables.
To analyse customer behaviour and purchases within the Websites and improve the quality  and relevance of our Websites to our visitors.
To facilitate the improvement and optimisation of our services to you.
To store information about your preferences to allow us to customise our site and newsletters  according to your individual interests.
To monitor delivery and viewing of our newsletters to facilitate the improvement and  optimisation of the delivery of the newsletter to you.
To handle any disputes which we may have with you.
To detect and/or prevent illegal or undesirable activities within the Websites, including  adding such activities to the company’s blacklists.
To ensure we do not engage in business with denied or restricted parties.
Training purposes.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on  the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, such as: (i) for  the purpose of performing a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests  and not overridden by your rights, (iii) where we have your consent to do so, or (iv) where we have  a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of  any third party), this interest will normally be for our legitimate commercial interest, to operate the  Websites and make these available to you as necessary to provide our products and services to  you, for interacting with you, responding to your queries and maintaining good customer relations,  for monitoring our communications with you, analysing customer behaviour and purchases,  undertaking and optimising marketing and contacting you in respect of incomplete orders,  operating our Gift List and digital voucher services, obtaining customer feedback, handling  disputes, staff development and for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal or undesirable  activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at  the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we  collect and use your personal information, please contact us (section 13).
4. What if you fail to provide personal information?
If you fail to provide certain information when requested we may not be able to perform any contract  we have entered into with you, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations.
5. What if we want to use your information for a different purpose?
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we  reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with  the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we  will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent  where this is required or permitted by law.
6. How secure is your information?
We have put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent your personal  information from being accidentally lost, used, accessed, altered or disclosed. The measures we  use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal  information and include:
Site access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to premises,  buildings and rooms where your information is being processed.
IT access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to your information  stored electronically within our IT systems.
IT security controls – use of appropriate technology and security measures to ensure secure  storage of your information.
Policies & procedures – comprehensive data protection and IT security policies and  procedures setting out the way in which your information must be handled by staff.
Training – delivery of ongoing data protection and IT security training to all staff handling your information.
7. Who might we share your information with?
We may share your personal information in the situations detailed below:
- Service providers
We share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us. The following  activities all involve the processing of personal information and are carried out by third party service  providers: website hosting, website optimization and analytics, edge caching services, payment  processing, delivery, monitoring and optimisation of checkout reminder emails and marketing  materials, customer survey services, hosting and maintenance of customer services case  management platform, maintenance of call recording system, hosting and maintenance of social  media platforms, document and information collaboration and sharing, IT services. Further details  in respect of our third party service providers are available on request. Please contact us (section  13) for further information.
All service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal  information. We do not allow third-party service providers to use your personal information for their  own purposes. When processing data on our behalf, we only permit them to process your personal  data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
- Games Workshop group
We may share your personal information with other entities in our group of companies as part of  regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of business reorganisation or  group restructuring, or for system maintenance support.
- Sale or restructure
We may share your personal information in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the  business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the  purposes disclosed in this notice.
- Law, legal rights and vital interests
We may also need to share your information with a law enforcement body, regulator, government  agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of  applicable law, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital  interests or those of any person.
- Consent
We may share your personal information where you have specifically consented to such  disclosure. This includes, for example, publication of Gift Lists.
8. Do you transfer my information outside of the UK?
We may transfer your personal information outside the UK. We will only transfer your personal  information outside the UK if adequate protection measures are in place. To ensure that your  personal information does receive an adequate level of protection outside the UK we use the  following protection measures:
Transferring to countries covered by UK adequacy regulations
Using model contractual clauses approved by UK GDPR
Requiring companies we transfer information to in the United States to be certified under  the Data Privacy Framework, or using the UK GDPR model clauses
Further details in respect of protective measures used outside of the UK are available on request.  Please contact us (section 13) for further information.
9. How long do we keep hold of your information?
We only retain your information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above,  including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will  either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal  information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal  information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature,  and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure  of your personal data, the purposes for which it has been processed, and whether we can achieve  those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be  associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
10. What are your rights in connection with your personal information?
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Request correction of any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of information where there is no good reason for continued processing.
Object to processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest to  process your information.
Where we are processing your information for a particular purpose based on your consent,  you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Request restriction to suspend our processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information to another party which you have provided to  us.
Opt out of marketing communications which we send you at any time. If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact us (section 13).
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise any of your rights, however we may charge a reasonable  fee if your request is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the  request in such circumstances.
Please note that we may need to request information from you to confirm your identity and  establish your entitlement to these rights.
If you are not satisfied with our processing of your personal information, you also have the right to  make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority.
Please see here for the relevant contact  details
.
11. What we ask of you?
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please  contact us (section 13) immediately and inform us of any changes to the personal information  which we hold about you.
If you provide us with information about another person (e.g. gift recipient), you confirm that you  have informed them of our identity, the purposes for which their personal data will be processed,  and that you have obtained their permission to such processing by us.
12. Change to this privacy notice
We may update this notice from time to time. When we update this notice, we will take appropriate  measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes. We will obtain your  consent to any material changes if and where this is required by law.
You can see when this notice was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this  notice.
13. Contact us
This notice is overseen by the Data Protection Manager of the Games Workshop group. If you  have any questions, complaints or requests please make contact with our Data Protection  Manager by email:
privacy@gwplc.com
or contact us by telephone on +44 115 900 4000 and  ask for Privacy.
Cookie Notice
November 2023
This Cookie Notice explains how Games Workshop Limited uses cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites at  www.warhammer.com,
www.blacklibrary.com
,
www.warhammer-community.com
,
www.warhammerdigital.com
,
warhammerworld.games-workshop.com
,
www.mywarhammer.com
, and other micro-sites operated by us from time to time   ("Websites").  It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.  Cookies are widely used by website owners to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner are called "first party cookies".  Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described below:
Types of cookie: Essential website cookies:
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Who serves these cookies:
Warhammer.com
Queueit
H.online-metrix.com
Fonts.net
Flex.cybersource.com
OneTrust
How to refuse:
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them.You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading "
How can I control cookies?
"
Types of cookie: Performance and functionality cookies:
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use.  However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may become unavailable.
Who serves these cookies:
Cloudflare (
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-CloudFlare-cfduid-cookie-do
)
How to refuse:
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "
How can I control cookies?
"
Types of cookie: Analytics and customisation cookies:
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our Websites for you.
Who serves these cookies:
Google Analytics (
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/
),
HotJar (
http://inside.hotjar.com/support/solutions/articles/1000132900-what-cookies-does-hotjar-store-on-my-visitors-browsers-
),
YouTube (
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/
)
Selligent (
https://www.selligent.com/privacy-policy
Web Trends Optimize (
https://www.webtrends-optimize.com/privacy/
)
Algolia (
https://www.https://www.algolia.com/policies/privacy
)
How to refuse:
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"
Types of cookie:
Advertising cookies:
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.  They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. They are also useful for calculating conversions from promotional messages.
Who serves these cookies:
Google Advertising (
https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
)
Criteo,
Facebook,
Twitter,
TikTok,
DoubleClick,
postrelease.com
omnitagjs.com
media.net
krxd.net
id5-sync.com
exchange.mediavine.com
How to refuse:
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?" Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
Google Advertising:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website.  We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").  These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them.  This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns.  In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
We also use Google signals session data from sites and apps that Google associates with users who have signed in to their Google accounts, and who have turned on Ads Personalisation. This association of data with these signed-in users is used to enable cross-device reporting, cross-device remarketing, and cross-device conversion export to Google Ads. You can manage your settings for Google Ad Personalisation here Data collected under Google signals is not used or shared for any purpose other than to provide the Google Analytics service unless you enable Data Sharing settings or opt to link with Google products.
Do you serve targeted advertising?
When you visit our website, selected third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to allow relevant adverts to be delivered to you on third party websites. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and exchanges, advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels and cookies, in addition to technology offered by third parties such as Facebook pixel's custom audience feature. The adverts which you see will be based on your previous use of the Games Workshop website. The information collected through this process does not enable us or the third party websites to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.  We will use anonymous information about the ad you saw and how you engaged with it to measure and improve our advertising campaigns in the future.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.  You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.   As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking using a browser plugin at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
. You can specifically opt-out from personalised ads powered by Google across your internet usage at
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.  If you would like to find out more information, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
How often will you update this Cookie Notice?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time.  Please re-visit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@gwplc.com.
Terms of Website Use
Games Workshop Limited
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of this website (our site) whether as a guest or as a registered user.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site.
By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Information about us
This site is operated by Games Workshop Limited (we or our or us or GW).
We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 1467092 and have our registered office at Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England.
Our VAT numbers can be found
here
.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you, or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Your access to our site is dependent on you consenting to our use (and certain third parties) of cookies in connection with your visit to the site. More information can be found in our
Cookie Notice
.
Acceptable use
You may only use our site for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of stalking, harming, harassing or abusing, or attempting to stalk, harm, harass or abuse any person in any way.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
To transmit any material that is defamatory, obscene, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, likely to deceive any person, or which infringes the rights of any third party.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, or copy any part of our site without our express permission.
Not to provide information that is inaccurate, fictional or misleading.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site
- any equipment or network on which our site is stored
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by trademark and copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
The trade marks depicted on our site are owned by us or our licensors.
All materials on this site, including but not limited to images, artwork, text, audio clips, and video clips, are, unless otherwise stated, owned and controlled by GW and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or unauthorized use of the materials for any purpose is a violation of our legal rights. The unauthorized posting of any of our intellectual property, including any images of our products or other artwork on any other website, including, but not limited eBay, Amazon or Craigslist is strictly prohibited.
Downloadable Material Licence
These are the terms and conditions that apply when you receive electronic artwork, wallpapers, game rules, PDF files or other material downloadable from the GW website or through the GW email subscription service(“Downloadable Material”). The parties agree that in consideration of your use of the GW website and/or the GW email subscription service, GW grants you a licence to use the Downloadable Material on the following terms:
This licence is made between: (1) Games Workshop Limited, Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom (“GW”); and (2) the recipient of material downloaded from GW’s website (“You/you/Your/your”) together being “the parties”.
GW grants to you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use the Downloadable Material in the following ways:
1.1 to store the Downloadable Material on any number of electronic devices and/or storage media (including, by way of example only, personal computers, e-book readers, mobile phones, portable hard drives, USB flash drives, CDs or DVDs) which are personally owned by you; and
1.2 to access the Downloadable Material using an appropriate electronic device and/or through any appropriate storage media.
For the avoidance of doubt, you are ONLY licensed to use the Downloadable Material as described in paragraph 1 above. You may NOT use or store the Downloadable Material in any other way. If you do, GW shall be entitled to terminate this license.
Further to the general restriction at paragraph 2, GW shall be entitled to terminate this licence in the event that you use or store the Downloadable Material (or any part of it) in any way not expressly licensed. This includes (but is by no means limited to) the following circumstances:

3.1 you provide the Downloadable Material to any company, individual or other legal person who does not possess a license to use or store it;
3.2 you make the Downloadable Material available on bit-torrent sites, or are otherwise complicit in ‘seeding’ or sharing the Downloadable Material with any company, individual or other legal person who does not possess a license to use or store it;
3.3 you print or reproduce in any physical format and distribute hard copies of the Downloadable Material to any company, individual or other legal person who does not possess a license to use or store it;
3.4 you attempt to reverse engineer, bypass, alter, amend, remove or otherwise make any change to any copy protection technology which may be applied to the Downloadable Material;
3.5 you use, or allow another company, individual or legal person to use, the Downloadable Material commercially or in relation to any business or business activities.
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights in the Downloadable Material are, and shall remain, the sole property of GW.
On termination of this licence, howsoever effected, you shall immediately and permanently delete all copies of the Downloadable Material from your computers and storage media, and shall destroy all hard copies of the Downloadable Material which you have derived from the Downloadable Material.
GW shall be entitled to amend these terms and conditions from time to time by written notice to you.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law, and shall be subject only to the jurisdiction of the Courts in England and Wales.
If any part of this licence is illegal, or becomes illegal as a result of any change in the law, then that part shall be deleted, and replaced with wording that is as close to the original meaning as possible without being illegal.
Any failure by GW to exercise its rights under this licence for whatever reason shall not be in any way deemed to be a waiver of its rights, and in particular, GW reserves the right at all times to terminate this license in the event that you breach paragraph 2 or paragraph 3.
Reliance on information posted
Any materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Site changes
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely.
Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy.
We do not warrant that the site, its content or the server that makes it available are error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this website will be uninterrupted.
To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group companies and any third parties connected to us, hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, loss of goodwill, wasted management or office time and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
If you are a California resident you waive California Civil Code §1542
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. In such cases, our liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Information about you
We collect information about you in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
and
Cookie Notice
. By using our site, you accept these Terms of Website Use and to our collection of information about you in accordance with our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice. You warrant that all data provided by you is accurate, genuine and lawful.
Purchases concluded through our site
Purchases though our site are governed by our
Terms and Conditions of Sale
.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 and other laws. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our website, or any page within it for personal (non-commercial) reasons, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these terms of use.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to us using the contact details set out below.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have not reviewed all of these sites and we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
We do not endorse or make any representation about them and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Suspension and termination
If, in our opinion, these terms of use have been breached, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions.
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your rights to use restricted parts of our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs, liabilities and losses on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. You hereby agree to indemnify us in this respect.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these terms of use. The responses set out above are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Social Media Image Terms
We at Games Workshop love to see pictures of our hobbyists enjoying the hobby. Thank you for your interest in submitting your photo, caption and/or other content (collectively, "Photo Materials") for use on the website and social media pages run by Games Workshop Limited and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("Games Workshop", “GW”, "we", "us", or "our").
This is a legal agreement between you and GW which governs our use of the Photo Materials you submit to us. You should read it carefully. If you do not agree to it, do not submit any Photo Materials to us.
1. Terms of Agreement
The provision of your Photo Materials to GW is subject to the terms below, and the GW Privacy Notice which can be found here (collectively, the "Agreement"). In particular, you agree that we may collect your name, email address, Photo Materials, social media username, social media profile picture thumbnail, and information provided to us by a social media site, to process our use of the Photo Materials and share your information with third parties for their use in providing services to us. If you are not willing to be bound by the terms of the Agreement, please do not submit your Photo Materials.
2. Where will my Photo Materials and Personal Information be Displayed?
Your Photo Materials will be displayed on the GW website with your social media username and profile picture thumbnail (as long as your social media account is not set as private) alongside it, and these will be featured on our home page, on a gallery of the images and also on the relevant product page if the Photo Materials feature a specific product. By submitting your Photo Materials you acknowledge and permit this use of your username, thumbnail and Photo Materials.
3. Grant of License to GW
You hereby represent, warrant and covenant to GW that you own all right, title and interest (including copyright) in the Photo Materials and shall not infringe any third party’s rights whatsoever, including intellectual property rights.
You hereby grant GW a non-exclusive, transferrable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license and right to use, archive, stream, copy, distribute, publish, modify, create derivative works of, and otherwise exploit, in whole or in part, your Photo Materials in any manner or medium now known or hereafter devised. This exploitation may include, without limitation, use of your Photo Materials to endorse GW or third-party products and services. Additionally, you further grant GW a non-exclusive, transferrable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license and right (but not the obligation) to exploit your social media username, social media thumbnail (e.g. a profile picture), and any other materials or information you submit to GW in connection with your Photo Materials.
You hereby irrevocably waive any and all rights to seek or obtain any injunctive or other equitable or compensatory relief against GW for its use or exploitation of the Photo Materials or your social media username, or any other materials you submit in connection with your Photo Materials as licensed herein, as well as any claims for moral rights.
You agree that you will not receive any compensation for GW’s exploitation of the Photo Materials and GW has no obligation to use any of your Photo Materials. GW may remove your Photo Materials from the GW website or social media sites at any time. GW will not return Photo Materials to you.
Other than as provided in this Agreement, you will retain ownership of all rights in your Photo Materials.
4. Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant that: (a) you have the full right, power, and authority to enter into and fully perform the terms of this Agreement; (b) you are the sole human subject depicted in the Photo Materials; (c) no persons under the age of eighteen (18) years of age are depicted in the Photo Materials;(d) you own or are authorized on behalf of all applicable rights holders to submit the Photo Materials and make all the grants of rights in this Agreement; (e) your Photo Materials do not contain or link to any malicious code or content of any kind; (f) you have all the applicable rights and authority to grant GW the rights granted herein; (g) you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and the terms of this Agreement; (h) your Photo Materials do not contain any material that depicts nudity; is sexually explicit, profane, defamatory, or obscene; pertains to violence, discrimination, or illegal activities; or is offensive, harassing, or threatening; (i) your Photo Materials do not infringe or violate the rights of a third party, including without limitation any intellectual property rights, right of privacy, rights of publicity, or moral rights or any applicable laws or regulations; and (j) your Photo Materials do not contain any trademark, logo, brand name or trade name (or variations or parodies of them) of any company or person other than GW .
5. Remember me on this device
The 'Remember Me on this Device' function
When you log in to our website, you will see a 'remember me on this device' checkbox, alongside a brief description of this functionality. Should you tick this checkbox, we will remember part of your account information and what you had in your basket for when you next visit the site on the device and browser you are using when you tick the checkbox. We will still require you to enter your password when accessing sensitive areas of the site, such as your account section, or the checkout process.
We do not recommend, and advise against, using this function when using a shared device or when using a public device, such as you might find at an internet cafe or library. Should you do so, a limited amount of your account information may be accessible to others using that device.
If you do activate the 'remember me on this device' checkbox on a device, and subsequently do not have access to it, your account will remain secure. Other users on that device will not be able to access your detailed account information, or checkout, without entering your password. Please be aware that some browsers and devices may save passwords if you prompt them to, and that if you lose access to a device which you have saved your password on before, we always recommend resetting your password. You can do this in the "My Account" section of the site, after you have logged in, or by using the "Forgotten your password?" functionality on any login page.
6. Data Protection
All personal information submitted by you will be processed by us in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
and
Cookie Notice
.
7. Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify and hold GW , its affiliates, and sublicensees, harmless from and against all third party claims and all liabilities, losses, costs, or damages resulting from or arising out of (a) your breach of this Agreement; (b) your infringement of the rights of a third party, or (c) the content of your Photo Materials.
8. Disclaimer
To the extent permissible under applicable law, GW disclaims responsibility for and will not be liable for: (i) technical problems or malfunctions that affect the GW website, social media sites or viewing of the Photo Materials; (ii) lost, faulty, illegible, distorted, jumbled, garbled, delayed, or intercepted or otherwise un-received, Photo Materials or data transmissions; (iii) unauthorized tampering, interference, hacking activities or viruses, bugs, worms or illicit code; or (iv) any condition beyond GW ’s control.
9. Miscellaneous
The marks of any relevant social media sites are the property of their respective companies and the social media sites are not affiliated with GW. Any submission via these or other social media sites are subject to all rules and regulations of such sites. If you choose to submit your Photo Materials using your mobile phone, standard data fees may apply.
This Agreement, including all claims relating to or arising hereof or breach thereof, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise, will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising from, related to, or connected with this Agreement will be resolved by the Courts of England.
You may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.
This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between you and GW with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations, understandings, or agreements not specifically incorporated herein.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
To the fullest extent permissible;
- the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country; and these terms of use are governed by English law.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact us using the contact details set out
here
.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Games Workshop Limited
This page contains the terms and conditions (Terms) on which we supply the products (Products) listed on our website https://warhammer.com (the Website) to you. Please read these Terms carefully before ordering Products from the Website. By ordering any Products from the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms.
You should print a copy of the Terms for future reference.
1 Information About Us
1.1 The Website is a site operated by Games Workshop Limited (we/us/our).
1.2 We are registered in England and Wales with company number 1467092 and with our registered address as Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England.
1.3 Our VAT numbers can be found in condition 13.
2 Your Status
2.1 By placing an order through the Website you warrant that you are old enough to enter into a contract for the purchase of goods or services in the place that you live, and that you are old enough to buy any age restricted items in your order.
3 Formation of the Contract
3.1 Once you have placed an order you will receive an email from us acknowledging receipt of your order. Please note that this does not mean your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to buy Products from us. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email that confirms that the Products have been despatched (
Despatch Confirmation
). The contract between us (
Contract
) will be formed at the earlier of (i) the point when we send you the Despatch Confirmation, or (ii) the point when we despatch the Products to you.
3.2 The Contract will relate only to those Products whose despatch we have confirmed in the Despatch Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the despatch of such Products has been confirmed in a separate Despatch Confirmation.
3.3 We reserve the right to:
3.3.1 decline any order (or part of any order) where the Products are unavailable for any reason;
3.3.2 decline any order (or part of any order) where the Website has contained obvious errors or inaccuracies in relation to the description of a Product or the pricing of a Product (see condition 5.1);
3.3.3 place restrictions on the volume of any Product ordered where the availability of a Product is limited; and
3.3.4 place restrictions on the volume of any Product ordered in accordance with our standard procedures relating to compliance with the laws and regulations in your territory.
4 Ownership of Products
4.1 You will become the owner of the Products when they have been delivered to you.
4.2 Once Products have been delivered to you they will be held at your risk and we will not be liable for their use, loss or destruction.
5 Price and Payment
5.1 The price of any Product will be as quoted on the Website from time to time, except in the circumstances set forth in condition 5.6 and condition 5.7 below. The price for the Products will be confirmed before you complete your order and in the Despatch Confirmation.
5.2 All prices are displayed in the local currency to you, or Pounds Sterling, Euros or US Dollars depending on the location of the delivery address for your order. You will be charged in the currency of the shipping address, or, where we do not accept payment in the currency local to the shipping address, Pounds Sterling, Euros or US Dollars, as displayed to you at the time of your order.
5.3 Prices of Products may change at any time, but changes will not affect orders which you have placed that have been confirmed by the Despatch Confirmation.
5.4 Prices of Products may be subject to certain sales taxes depending on where in the world the order is to be shipped. The prices stated on the Website at the point of checkout will include a calculation of such sales tax. Further details of sales taxes can be found in the 'Taxes and Charges' page of the Customer Services section on the Website. If you are responsible for paying tax and that tax has not been collected by us, it is your responsibility to pay such tax as applicable.
5.5 Prices of Products exclude delivery costs which will be added (if applicable) to the total amount due prior to the point of checkout of your order. Details of delivery charges can be found in the
Shipping Rates
page in the Customer Services section of the Website.
5.6 The Website contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on the Website may be incorrectly priced. Where a Product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when despatching the Products to you. If a Product's correct price is higher than the price stated on the Website, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before despatching the Products, or reject your order under condition 3.3 and notify you of such rejection.
5.7 We are under no obligation to provide Products to you at an incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a Despatch Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
5.8 Payment for all Products must be made using one of the methods made available at the point of checkout.
5.9 Payments are checked with card providers, payment providers, banks and anti-fraud services and will be declined if they do not pass eligibility checks
6 Virtual Gift Vouchers
6.1 As well as purchasing Products through the Website, you can also purchase gift vouchers for yourself or others (Virtual Gift Vouchers).
6.2 Virtual Gift Vouchers must be redeemed by the recipient (Recipient) on the Website towards the purchase of eligible products listed in our online catalogue and sold by us. The Recipient must have an account on the Website to receive and use the Virtual Gift Vouchers. Virtual Gift Vouchers cannot be used to buy digital download products (such as books or audiobooks- see condition 10) sold by our selected partners.
6.3 To redeem a Virtual Gift Voucher, the Recipient must have an active account (or create one if necessary) associated with the email address provided by you. We are not responsible for incorrect or undeliverable email addresses.
6.4 Virtual Gift Vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash and are not transferable or assignable in any way.
6.5 Any unused balance of Virtual Gift Vouchers after placement of an order by the Recipient will be recorded in the Recipient’s account on the Website.
6.6 If any order placed by the Recipient using the Virtual Gift Vouchers exceeds the value of the Virtual Gift Vouchers held by the Recipient, any balance remaining for a purchase must be paid by the Recipient.
6.7 One or more Virtual Gift Vouchers can be redeemed against a single order.
6.8 Virtual Gift Vouchers and any unused balance remaining in the Recipient’s account expire 24 calendar months after the date of purchase of the Virtual Gift Voucher by you.
6.9 Responsibility for the Virtual Gift Voucher passes to the Recipient upon purchase and we are not responsible for Virtual Gift Vouchers which are lost, destroyed or used without the Recipient’s permission.
6.10 All other provisions of these Terms will apply to all purchases made using Virtual Gift Vouchers, as applicable.
7 Delivery
7.1 The Products will be delivered to the address specified in your order and in accordance with the delivery option selected at the point of checkout.
7.2 Please see the
Delivery page
in the Customer Services section on the Website for specific details of despatch and delivery times.
7.3 Whilst we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your order is despatched and delivered on time, please be aware that despatch and delivery times are estimates only, and that time of despatch or delivery is not of the essence of any Contract. Where any Product is manufactured or produced to order by you, an estimated delivery time will be specified at the point of ordering. A more detailed delivery time will then be specified in the Despatch Confirmation. By placing an order for a Product manufactured or produced to order, you acknowledge that delivery may be subject to substantial lead times.
7.4 We may defer the date of despatch or delivery or cancel any Contract, or remove from your order any Products ordered by you (without liability) if we are prevented or delayed in the carrying on of our business, due to events or circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, governmental actions, war or national emergency, acts of terrorism, protests, riot, civil commotion, fire, explosion, extreme weather conditions, flood, epidemic, pandemic, lock-outs, strikes or other labour disputes, fuel shortages, restraints or delays affecting carriers, or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials.
7.5 We will use reasonable endeavours to ship all of your order together in one shipment., apart from Forge World international orders as set out in condition 7.7. However, we reserve the right to ship your order in instalments should some components of your order be unavailable for delivery, or have delayed availability, when you place your order, or if your order is too big to deliver in one shipment. In these circumstances you will be charged a single delivery fee for the whole of your order.
7.6 We will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website displays the correct availability of Products for ordering. To the extent that we are reasonably able to do so, we will identify any limitations on availability (that we are aware of at that time), such as temporarily out of stock Products, in the relevant Product listing page. The provisions of this condition 7.6 are subject at all times to the provisions of condition 3.3.1.
7.7 Forge World Products ordered by customers in Australia and New Zealand will ship from the UK and therefore take longer to arrive than other Website Products. We will split the Forge World Products into a separate delivery. Delivery options will be selectable at the checkout.
8 Cancellations and Returns
8.1 We hope that you will be happy with all Products purchased from the Website, however, if you are not, subject to condition 8.6, you have the right to change your mind and cancel the Contract at any time and for any reason within 14 days, beginning on the day after you receive the Products (Cooling-Off Period). Should you wish to do this, please follow the instructions set out in conditions 8.3 and 8.4, and you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products together with the costs of return as described in condition 8.5.
8.2 If you are outside the 14-day Cooling-Off Period, we may still allow you to cancel the Contract provided
8.2.1 the Product is still in its original packaging”Saleable Condition”, being:,
8.2.1.1 All components included and still on the sprue;
8.2.1.2 Packaging, Product and all parts/components in very good condition;
8.2.1.3 Product is not excluded as set out in condition 8.6; and
8.2.1.4 We have final say in determining whether a return meets these requirements of being in a saleable condition.
8.2.2 the Product is part of the “Current Product Range” (must be on sale on the Website at the point you return it); and
8.2.3 you have retained, and can provide, proof of your original purchase from us;
however, please contact us in order to confirm what options are available to you.
8.3 To cancel the Contract you must send us written notice, to be received by us during the Cooling-Off Period (unless we agree otherwise in accordance with condition 8.2), by email or by post containing your name, address, and product order details ((including your order number, Products ordered, and date of order). Our contact details can be found here. Please note that email is our preferred form of communication, and we will be able to process your cancellation quicker if you notify us by email. You must keep the Products in your possession and take reasonable care of them until they have been returned to us safely.
8.4 Where you have cancelled the Contract in accordance with condition 8.3, you must return the Products to us as soon as possible at your initial cost and risk, in the same condition in which you received them to the returns address specified in the despatch note. Please do this using a registered delivery service to reduce the risk of the Products not reaching us and so that you can provide us with evidence of delivery, if required. If you fail to take reasonable care of the Products before returning the Products to us, or fail to take reasonable care to ensure that we receive the Products and that they are not damaged in transit, we may take action to recover any damages, costs or other expenses which we incur as a result.
8.5 Where you have cancelled the Contract in accordance with condition 8.3, we will process the refund due to you no later than within 14 days of receipt of the relevant Products back from you. We will refund the price of the Product in full, including the original cost of sending the item to you which you have already paid (if applicable), and any reasonable costs incurred in returning the Products to us (unless you are based in the UK, in which case you should use the free-post address specified). We may require you to send us proof of your original purchase together with proof of returning the Products to us before we are able to process your refund. You understand that any delay in providing us with evidence we have requested may delay the processing of your refund.
8.6 You will not have the right to change your mind or cancel the Contract under conditions 8.1 or 8.2 where:
8.6.1 the Products forming the Contract are Downloads (as defined under condition 10) such as audio books, ebooks, magazines or periodicals (on the basis that the Contract has been performed with your consent); and
8.6.2 the Product forming the Contract is made to order or otherwise tailored to your specification.
8.7 If discover a problem with the Products you have ordered (for example, they are defective for any reason), you must send the defective items back to us to the returns address specified in the despatch note. Products returned by you because of a defect under this condition 8.7 (rather than a cancellation under conditions 8.1 or 8.2) will be examined by us. Where evidence of a defect is found we will notify you of your entitlement to (at your option); (i) a replacement Product, or (ii) a refund for the defective Product. Where a refund is requested, we will process the refund due to you (including a refund of any delivery charges paid for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to us upon receipt of proof of postage) as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you that you were entitled to a refund for the defective Product. Replacement Products will only be provided as an option if the Product is still in the Current Product Range. We may replace the whole Product or just the affected defective part of the Product at our option.
8.8 We will usually refund any money received from you by using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
8.9 Save as precluded by law, we will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) howsoever arising out of, or in connection with, any defect with a Product, and we shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the Product in question.
8.10 Nothing in these conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or fraud.
9 Import Duty
9.1 It is possible that your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the Products reach specified destinations. Unless we expressly state otherwise, you will will be responsible for payment of any applicable import duties and taxes or similar. Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount.
10 Electronic Downloads
10.1 When you download an e-book, audio book or any other electronic download Products from this Website (
Download
), we grant to you a personal and non-exclusive licence to use that Download in accordance with this condition 10.
10.2 You may only store Downloads on devices that you own. You may print one copy of any Download provided you retain it for personal use only and do not facilitate its copying or distribution by, or amongst, third parties.
10.3 For the avoidance of doubt, you must not:
10.3.1 provide or share the Download with any individual, company or partnership;
10.3.2 make the Download available on bit-torrent sites or elsewhere on the internet;
10.3.3 distribute copies of any Download (in any format); or
10.3.4 attempt to reverse engineer, bypass, alter, amend, remove or otherwise make any change to any copy protection technology that may be applied to the Download.
10.4 You acknowledge and accept that all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Download shall remain the sole property of Games Workshop or its trading divisions: Black Library or Forge World. You undertake not to make any use of the intellectual property rights in Downloads, otherwise than in accordance with this condition 10, without our prior written permission.
10.5 Should you breach any of the provisions of conditions 10.2 to 10.4 your license to use or store the Download shall automatically terminate and you must permanently delete the Download from any device upon which you have caused it to be stored. You should be aware that any unauthorised use of a Download in breach of conditions 10.2 to 10.4 shall be treated as an infringement of our intellectual property rights and dealt with accordingly.
10.6 To the extent that there is any conflict or contradiction with this condition 10 and any other condition in these Terms this condition 10 shall prevail to the extent that the conflict or confusion relates to Downloads.
10.7 Some Downloads are available for purchase through this Website, but the Download itself will be available for download (Electronic Delivery) through selected third parties. In this circumstance, we shall direct you to the third party’s website for Electronic Delivery of the Download. We will provide you with appropriate means (a unique code or similar) to the complete the Electronic Delivery of the Download via the third party’s website. Where you receive Electronic Delivery of a Download through a third party website, the terms and conditions of the third party website shall apply to such Electronic Delivery.
11 General
11.1 Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using the Website, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on the Website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
11.2 All notices from you to us must be in writing and sent by email, registered post or airmail. Our contact details can be found
here
. All notices from us to you will be displayed on the Website from time to time or sent by email, registered post or airmail to any address provided by you to us. Notices will be deemed received immediately when posted on the website, 24 hours after an email is sent, 3 business days after the date of posting of any letter by registered post, and 10 business days after the date of posting if sent by airmail.. If a notice is deemed to have been received after 4.00 pm (local time of the recipient) on a business day, or on any day which is not a business day, it shall be deemed to have been received at 9.00 am (local time of the recipient) on the next business day.
11.3 The Contract is binding on you. You may not transfer, assign or otherwise deal with or any of your rights or obligations arising under the Contract.
11.4 If any of these Terms or any provisions of a Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
11.5 These Terms, together with our
Privacy Notice
and
Terms of Website Use
, and any other document expressly referred to in these documents, constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us, relating to the subject matter of any Contract. We each acknowledge that, in entering into a Contract, neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty of any person (whether a party to that Contract or not) other than as expressly set out in these documents. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
11.6 Failure or delay by us in enforcing or partially enforcing any provision of a Contract shall not be construed as a waiver of any of our rights under the Contract. Any waiver by us of any breach of, or default under, any provision of a Contract by you shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default and shall in no way affect the other terms of the Contract.
11.7 We have the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time. The latest version of these Terms will be available on the Website. You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you order Products from us.
11.8 No term of any Contract shall be enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person who is not a party to the Contract.
11.9 To the fullest extent permissible, any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with a Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
11.10 Many of our products have associated rules and points values for using them in playing games. Please note that these associated rules and points values are subject to change.
12 Complaints Policy
12.1 We are committed to providing a quality service to you and value your views, opinions and feedback on any Products which have been supplied to you or the service which we have provided to you. If we have not performed any of our duties to a satisfactory standard please contact us and we shall endeavour to put right any problems.
12.2 If your complaint relates to the quality of a Product please refer to condition 8. For any other complaints, queries, or to provide us with feedback, please contact us
here
. We shall endeavour to contact you within five business days of receiving your email and shall work closely with you in trying to resolve any problems fairly and quickly and to ensure that both our Products and the services which we have provided to you are to your satisfaction.
13 VAT Numbers
Austria: ATU 65067009
Belgium: BE 0897973639
Bulgaria: GB 580 8534 21
Croatia: GB 580 8534 21
Cyprus: GB 580 8534 21
Czech Republic: GB 580 8534 21
Denmark: DK 20341505
Estonia: GB 580 8534 21
Finland: FI 17237135
France: FR 23438863441
Germany: DE 191461167
Greece: GB 580 8534 21
Hungary: GB 580 8534 21
Ireland: IE 6602304E
Italy: IT 00115749996
Latvia: GB 580 8534 21
Lithuania: GB 580 8534 21
Luxembourg: GB 580 8534 21
Malta: GB 580 8534 21
Netherlands: NL 806157495B01
Poland: PL 1080011028
Portugal: GB 580 8534 21
Romania: GB 580 8534 21
Slovakia: GB 580 8534 21
Slovenia: GB 580 8534 21
Spain: ES N00686511
Sweden: SE 502050782701
Switzerland GB 580853421
UK: GB 580 8534 21
VAT Numbers Last updated: 18 November 2024
White Dwarf Privacy Notice
Games Workshop is committed to protecting your privacy. This notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you. This notice applies to personal information that we collect in connection with our White Dwarf magazine.
The data controller of your personal information is Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom.
The Games Workshop EU Representative for all Data Protection purposes is Games
Workshop Limited - Irish branch, Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland.
Please read this notice carefully to understand how and why we are using your personal information.
1 The kind of information we may hold about you
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of your personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, email address and telephone number.
Date of birth.
Subscriber number.
Bank account and payment information.
Information contained within correspondence which you send to us.
Photographs which you send to us.
Information submitted as part of a competition.
- Record of correspondence with you whether in writing or by telephone, email, social media or otherwise.
2 How is your personal information collected?
We collect information that you provide voluntarily. This may be in connection with a subscription for White Dwarf, the submission by you of letters, ideas or other material to us, or to submit enquiries to us.  The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
3 Why do we collect your personal information?
The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below:
To use material submitted by you for the purposes of producing content for publication within White Dwarf, and across our websites and social media channels or newsletters.
To communicate and interact with our readers.
To take subscriptions for White Dwarf, and satisfy our obligations in respect of any magazine subscriptions.
To manage our subscription database.
To handle any customer service queries in respect of subscriptions.
To operate competitions, communicate with entrants, and publish details of winners.
To interact with you and handle and respond to communications with you.
To handle any disputes which we may have with you.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, such as: (i) for the purpose of performing a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or iii) where we have your consent to do so.
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be for our legitimate commercial interest, for maintaining good reader relations, and dispute resolution.  We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us (section 13).
4 What if you fail to provide personal information?
If you fail to provide certain information when requested we may not be able to perform any contract we have entered into with you.
5 What if we want to use your information for a different purpose?
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
6 How secure is your information?
We have put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used, accessed, altered or disclosed. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and include:
- Site access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to premises, buildings and rooms where your information is being processed.
- IT access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to your information stored electronically within our IT systems.
- IT security controls – use of appropriate technology and security measures to ensure secure storage of your information.
- Policies & procedures – comprehensive data protection and IT security policies and procedures setting out the way in which your information must be handled by staff.
- Training – delivery of ongoing data protection and IT security training to all staff handling your information.
7 Who might we share your information with?
We may share your personal information in the situations detailed below:
1. Service providers
We share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us. The following activities all involve the processing of personal information and are carried out by third party service providers: mailing and distribution services, database and mailing list management services,digital publication and distribution services, hosting and maintenance of social media platforms, document and information collaboration and sharing, IT services, printing services, translation services. Further details in respect of our third party service providers are available on request. Please contact us (section 13) for further information.
All service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. We do not allow third party service providers to use your information for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
2. Games Workshop group
We may share your personal information with other entities in our group of companies as part of regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of business reorganisation or group restructuring, or for system maintenance support.
3. Sale or restructure
We may share your personal information in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this notice.
4. Law, legal rights and vital interests
We may also need to share your information with a law enforcement body, regulator, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any person.
5. Consent
We may share your personal information where you have specifically consented to such disclosure.
8 Do you transfer my information outside of the European Union?
We may transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). For example, our IT service providers operate around the world. We will only transfer your personal information outside the EEA if adequate protection measures are in place. To ensure that your personal information does receive an adequate level of protection outside the EEA we use the following protection measures:
Transferring to countries approved by the European Commission
Using model contractual clauses approved by the European Commission
Requiring companies we transfer information to in the United States to be signed up to the EU/US Privacy Shield Framework
Further details in respect of protective measures used outside of the EEA are available on request. Please contact us (section 13) for further information.
9 How long do we keep hold of your information?
We only retain your information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which it has been processed, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
10 What are your rights in connection with your personal information?
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Request correction of any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of information where there is no good reason for continued processing.
Object to processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your information.
Where we are processing your information for a particular purpose based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Request restriction to suspend our processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information to another party which you have provided to us.
Opt out of marketing communications which we send you at any time.
If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact us (section 13).
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise any of your rights, however we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
Please note that we may need to request information from you to confirm your identity and establish your entitlement to these rights.
If you are not satisfied with our processing of your personal information, you also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority. Please see here for the relevant contact details.
11 What we ask of you?
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please contact us (section 13) immediately and inform us of any changes to the personal information which we hold about you.
If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that you have informed them of our identity, the purposes for which their personal data will be processed, and that you have obtained their permission to such processing by us.
12 Change to this privacy notice
We may update this notice from time to time. When we update this notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes. We will obtain your consent to any material changes if and where this is required by law.
You can see when this notice was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this notice.
13 Contact us
This notice is overseen by the Data Protection Manager of the Games Workshop group. If you have any questions, complaints or requests please make contact with our Data Protection Manager by email:
privacy@gwplc.com
.
Legal
Intellectual Property Guidelines
Copyright and Legal Information
Taxes and Charges
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush - Safety Recall Instructions
Warhammer-Alliance Packs: Conditions of Sale
Conformity and Safety
Intellectual Property Guidelines
Warhammer: Beyond the tabletop
Games Workshop has been designing and selling miniatures and games for over 40 years. Our design studios have worked hard to create the unique settings and characters that are enjoyed by our fans all over the world.
We love to see fans enjoying all things Warhammer. We also have a duty to preserve and protect our intellectual property rights – this is the only way we can ensure that Warhammer will be around forever. Our goal is to do this while continuing to support the passion and creativity of our fans. We will level with you – this is a difficult balancing act.
So, whatever exciting Warhammer hobby activities you are working on, we ask that you follow the below guidelines at all times. By doing so, we can all continue to enjoy all things Warhammer for a long time to come.
These guidelines do not constitute formal approval or authorization of any fan content, or a waiver of our legal rights. We reserve the right to change these guidelines at any time.
Fan-fiction, hobby books and magazines
Individuals may write their own stories, hobby books and magazines based on our characters and settings, but these must:
not include text, artwork or imagery copied from any official Games Workshop material
be non-commercial, with no money being received or paid. This includes all forms of fundraising activity, and generation of any advertising revenue
not be publicly distributed, except for no-charge digital distribution
make it clear that they are unofficial, without using any Games Workshop logos, and include the word ‘unofficial’ prominently on the front cover
not be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation or integrity of Games Workshop or its intellectual property
Fan-artwork
Individuals may create their own artwork, drawings and designs, based on our characters and settings, but these must:
not include artwork or imagery copied from any official Games Workshop material
be non-commercial, with no money being received or paid. This includes all forms of fundraising activity, and generation of any advertising revenue
not be publicly distributed, except for no-charge digital distribution
make it clear that they are unofficial, without using any Games Workshop logos
not be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation or integrity of Games Workshop or its intellectual property
Fan-sites
Individuals may create their own fan sites based on our characters and settings, but these must:
not include text, artwork, imagery, footage or animation copied from any official Games Workshop material
make it clear that they are unofficial, without using any Games Workshop logos
not post or display rules or stats copied from from any official Games Workshop material
not be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation or integrity of Games Workshop or its intellectual property
Underlying rights
Please be aware that where fan content is created based on our settings and characters, Games Workshop retains ownership in respect of the underlying intellectual property rights in those worlds, and therefore such fan content cannot be sold or otherwise monetised.
Infringements
We have a zero tolerance policy in respect of infringement of our intellectual property rights.
This includes:
Counterfeit models -
our products must not be reproduced and sold.
Imitation models -
our products must not be imitated. Imitators produce models which copy heavily from Games Workshop’s artwork, books or products.
Recasting and 3D printing
- our products must not be illegally re-cast or scanned, nor should digital designs of our products be illegally produced and distributed.
Illegal downloads -
our publications, audio books, and other material protected by copyright must not be illegally uploaded, shared, or distributed in any format.
Unauthorised use of our trademarks -
unauthorised use or registration of our trademarks in respect of similar products or services is not permitted.
Fan-films and animations –
individuals must not create fan films or animations based on our settings and characters. These are only to be created under licence from Games Workshop.
Games and apps –
individuals must not create computer games or apps based on our characters and settings. These are only to be created under licence from Games Workshop.
Reporting your concerns
There’s a lot of stuff out there in the world. If you see anything that you’re worried about or think that we should know about then drop us an email at
infringements@gwplc.com
. Please provide as much detail as possible and include links to the infringing material. We appreciate your support.
Copyright and Legal Information
The exclusive copyright in the contents of this website (except for the copyrighted property of our licensors) is the property of Games Workshop Limited. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2008-2024.
Any unauthorised copying of the images or other copyrighted material on this website will constitute an infringement of copyright.
GW, Games Workshop, Citadel, Black Library, Forge World, Warhammer, Warhammer 40,000, the ‘Aquila’ Double-headed Eagle logo, Space Marine, 40K, 40,000, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, Warhammer: The Horus Heresy, the 'winged-hammer' Warhammer logo, White Dwarf, Blood Bowl, Necromunda, Space Hulk, Battlefleet Gothic, Mordheim, Inquisitor, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. All Rights Reserved.
The following apply in respect of the property of our licensors featured on this website:
© New Line Productions, Inc. All rights reserved. MIDDLE-EARTH, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE TWO TOWERS, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are trademarks of Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC under license to New Line Productions, Inc. (S24)

© Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved. THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY, THE HOBBIT: THE DESOLATION OF SMAUG, THE HOBBIT: THE BATTLE OF THE FIVE ARMIES, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE WAR OF THE ROHIRRIM and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are trademarks of Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC under license to New Line Productions, Inc. (s24)

Middle-earth, The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings and the names of the characters, places, items and events therein, are trademarks of Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC used under license by Games Workshop. All rights reserved. (S24)

 If you have any queries, please contact the GW legal department at:
Games Workshop Group PLC
Willow Road, Lenton,
Nottingham
NG7 2WS
UK
Taxes and Charges
Taxes that apply to your purchase
Games Workshop is an international business and has to comply with tax legislation in all the territories in which it trades. The taxes that apply to you transaction are determined by the destination to which the goods are being shipped (see also the note below on web store pricing).
US Shipments
If you are shipping your goods to the US then Games Workshop will charge sales and usage tax in the States where it has retail stores and where it is otherwise required. In other States, no sales or usage tax will be charged.
As you proceed through the checkout this will be recalculated in accordance with the relevant State regulations.
Canadian Shipments
The appropriate taxes will be calculated on all goods shipped to Canada dependent on the province to which the goods are shipped. As you proceed through the checkout this will be recalculated in accordance with the Provincial regulations.
EU Shipments
For goods sent to the EU, Value Added Tax (VAT) will be added to the tax exclusive price of the goods in accordance with the rates that apply for each EU country.
Australian Shipments
Australian GST is applied to all goods shipped to Australia.
Norwegian Shipments
Norwegian VAT is applied to all goods shipped to Norway.
Rest of World shipments
No taxes are raised on goods being shipped to the rest of the world. Please note that Games Workshop is not responsible for any import duties or charges that may be levied under local legislation in the destination country.
Digital Sales
Where you have purchased a digital product, in most countries tax will be dealt with in the same manner as physical goods, as described above.
However, if you are based within the EU, if you are purchasing digital products, Games Workshop files a Mini One Stop Shop (MOSS) VAT return. This means that VAT applied on your purchase will be based on the rates due in the place that you are located.
For Rest of World countries that require taxes on digital sales without us having a tax registration for physical goods, taxes charges will not necessarily be visible but we do declare those sales to ensure taxes are paid.
Web Store Prices
Games Workshop prices are quoted on its web stores in accordance with the requirements in the country of the web store. These are as follows:
US and Canadian Web Stores
All prices are quoted exclusive of any taxes. If any sales taxes apply to an order these will be an additional charge. These are determined by the destination to which the goods are sent (see taxes that apply to your purchase).
European, Norwegian and Australian Web Stores
All prices are quoted inclusive of the VAT or GST that applies in the country of the web store (e.g. the French web store prices include French TVA).
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush - Safety Recall Instructions
To download a copy of the recall notice please click on the relevant link below:

-
English
-
Français
-
Deutsch
-
Italiano
-
Español
-
Nederlands
-
Dansk
-
Svenska
-
Norsk
-
Polskie
-
日本
If you purchased
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush
, and it matches the item shown above, it is subject to recall in the UK, Europe, Japan, Australia and Canada. In cooperation with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, it has also been recalled in the U.S. as of February 2, 2022.
All
KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
with the code
“
PRODUCTION 0721D BATCH #001
” on the sewn in label are affected.
Pom-poms may become detached from the toy and present a choking hazard to young children.
We recommend that you:
Stop using the product immediately
Keep the product away from children.
You should then:
Return the item to any Games Workshop or Warhammer store for a full refund; or
Follow the steps below to destroy the product and request a refund. You must destroy and dispose of the product to remove any risk of the product presenting a hazard in future.
Distance Refund for KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
Please follow the instructions below, provide the requested information, and we’ll make sure you receive a refund for the full retail value of the product.
If you choose to be refunded using a virtual voucher, the refund will be rounded up to the nearest whole number.
1. Cut off all product labels. There are two labels on the product – a card label with the barcode and a fabric label sewn onto the squig’s tail. Don’t worry if you have already disposed of the card label.
2. Cut off the tail of the squig using scissors as per the example below.
3. Place the labels, and product next to a piece of paper with your post code / zip code.
4. Take a photograph clearly showing the labels, product and your post code / zip code.
5. Complete
this recall form
.
Alternatively,
click here to download a printable version of the form
, include a printed copy of the photography and post it to:
UK/Europe/ROW Customers: Customer Services (RECALL), Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS
How to destroy and dispose of KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
For added safety it’s best to make sure
KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
is destroyed in such a way that a child won’t pick it up and play with it.
We recommend:
1. Cutting off the tail of the squig using scissors as per the example below.
2. Disposing of it in accordance with local waste disposal standards.
Please contact customer services in your local area if you have any questions regarding the recall process:
UK: 0115 9140000
Austria: +49 211 38769276
Brussels/Antwerp: 02 223 06 61 / 03 485 86 27
Copenhagen: 33 12 22 17
Helsinki: 09 7515 4525
France: 04 88 80 71 99
Germany: 211 38769276
Ireland: 01 872 5791
Italy: 0699313110
Netherlands: 020 623 28 00
Norway: 22 33 29 90
Spain: 93 524 07 62
Sweden: 031 13 39 58
US: 1800 394 4263
Canada: 1800 394 4263
Australia: 03 9870 2239
New Zealand: 644 471 0987
Japan: 03 4520 8031
Poland: 22 222 0133
Warhammer-Alliance Packs: Conditions of Sale
1. This page contains the terms and conditions (
Terms
) under which Games Workshop Limited (
GW
) will supply you with a Warhammer-Alliance Pack (
Products
). By submitting an application to receive the Products (
Application
), you agree to be bound by these Terms and you warrant that you are applying on behalf of a qualifying institution.
2. Once submitted, GW will review your Application and contact you to confirm the details provided. Please note that Applications are not automatically accepted, and GW will not despatch any Products until it has confirmed your Application has been accepted. GW reserves the right to reject your Application for any reason.
3. If your Application is accepted, GW will despatch the Products to the address specified in the Application. Whilst GW will take reasonable steps to ensure all Products are despatched and delivered within any timeframes provided, any despatch and delivery times are estimates only. GW may defer the date of despatch or delivery for any reason, and will not be liable for any delays in despatch or delivery.
4. GW provides no warranties in relation to the Products (including, without limitation, warranties relating to the quality or fitness for purpose of the Products). However, if for any reason, you are unhappy with the Products, please contact GW using the contact details set out in
clause 12
.
5. Subject to
clause 6
, you will become the owner of the Products once they have been delivered to you. Once the Products have been delivered to you, they will be held at your risk and GW will not be liable for their use, loss or destruction.
6. The Products are not for resale and you warrant that:
6.1. you will not alter, divide nor breakdown the Products into their component parts;
6.2. you will not sell, distribute, give-away or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any third party (whether a person or entity) in whole or in part.
7. In the event that you, your employees, subcontractors or agents are in breach, or GW reasonably suspects that you, your employees, subcontractors or agents are in breach, of the warranties contained in
clause 6 (Breach)
:
7.1. you will not alter, divide nor breakdown the Products into their component parts;
7.2. you will not sell, distribute, give-away or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any third party (whether a person or entity) in whole or in part.
7.3. you will not sell, distribute, give-away or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any third party (whether a person or entity) in whole or in part.
8. Subject to
clause 9
, GW will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential losses, damages or expenses (including, without limitation, loss of profit, loss of goodwill or loss of reputation) arising from or in connection with the Products or these Terms, and GW shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation except as required by law.
9. Nothing in these Terms is intended to limit any rights you might have under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded, nor in any way to exclude or limit GW’s liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from GW’s negligence or fraud.
10. These Terms, together with GW’s
privacy notice
, constitute the whole agreement between you and GW relating to the Products and the Warhammer-Alliance program, and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between you and GW relating to the Products and the Warhammer-Alliance program. Both you and GW acknowledge that, in entering into these Terms, neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty other than as expressly set out in these Terms.
11. GW has the right to amend and revise these Terms from time to time. The latest version of these Terms will be available on the Warhammer-Alliance website.
12. Notices from you to GW must be in writing and sent by email or registered post. Contact details for GW can be found
here
. Notices from GW to you will be sent to the email or postal address provided with your Application. Notices sent by email will be deemed received upon at 9:00AM GMT on the next working day following transmission, and notices sent by registered post will be deemed received on the third working day from and excluding the day of posting.
13. These Terms are binding on you, and you cannot transfer, assign or otherwise deal with any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without the prior consent of GW.
14. Any dispute or claim arising from or in connection with these Terms or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Conformity and Safety
Warhammer products are manufactured by Games Workshop Limited, Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, UK, Represented by
Games Workshop Limited - Irish branch, Unit 3, Lower Liffey  Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
.
My Warhammer Terms and Conditions
Welcome to My Warhammer
General My Warhammer Terms
My Warhammer Terms of Use
My Warhammer Subscriptions Service Terms
My Warhammer Beta Service Terms
Welcome to My Warhammer
This page contains the terms and conditions on which we make available the My Warhammer service (Service) to you, as available on
our website
(
the Website
), and such other websites, applications or other platforms that we choose to make available from time to time, including the 'Warhammer 40,000: The App’ software application owned by us and licensed to you (
the App
) (collectively, the
Platforms
and each a
Platform
).
Please read the following documents (collectively,
the Terms
) carefully before you start using the Service:
1.
General My Warhammer Terms
, which set out the terms which apply generally to your use of the Service and the opening of a user account;
2.
Terms of Use
, which set out specific terms which apply to your use of the Website and the App; and
3.
Subscription Service Terms
, which apply if you sign up for a paid subscription through the Service in order to access additional content and functionality (
Subscription Service
) (which, together with the above terms, form the contract between you and us for your paid subscription).
4.
Beta Service Terms
, which set out the additional terms which apply if you are accessing the Subscription Service through the free-trial Beta Service.
If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Service. You should save a copy of these Terms for future reference. By using the Service, you confirm that you have read and accept these Terms, and agree to be bound by them.
Please also read our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Notice
to learn more about how we handle your personal data and the way in which we use cookies.
General My Warhammer Terms
General My Warhammer Terms
1. About us
1.1. The Service is operated by Games Workshop Limited (we/us/our). We are registered in England and Wales with company number 1467092, and our registered address at Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England.
2. User Accounts
2.1. In order to use the Service (references to which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subscription Service), you must first create a My Warhammer user account (Account) on our Website by following the online instructions.
2.2. To access and view content through the Service, you must have internet access and be at least 13 years old (or older if you live in certain places). If you are under 13 years old (or are not old enough to give your legal consent to use online services in the place that you live), you must have first obtained the consent of your parent or legal guardian to sign up for an Account and use the Service. Please note that we are unable to provide access to the Service in particular countries due to legal restrictions. For more information about our Service availability or minimum age requirements, please
contact us
.
2.3. We require your date of birth and the email address of your parent or legal guardian if you are under the digital age of consent in the place that you live in order to verify that you have met our minimum age requirements.
3. Changes to the Service
3.1. We reserve the right to update or change these Terms or any element of the Service from time to time. The circumstances in which we make changes may include, for example and without limitation, to comply with applicable laws, to provide you with additional information about the Service, to improve or update the content available on the Service, or for safety or security reasons.
3.2. We reserve the right to suspend your access to the Service temporarily to deal with any technical problems, make minor technical changes or upgrade the Service.
4. You must keep your Account details safe
4.1. If you have a My Warhammer Account with us, this should belong to and only be accessible by you. This means that you must ensure that no-one else, including for example other members of your household, has your permission to access or use your Account and that you exercise reasonable care to ensure that any unauthorised access or use does not take place.
4.2. Each Account is available to one natural person only and must not under any circumstances be registered or operated automatically by a computer program or otherwise.
4.3. If you choose, or you are provided with, a password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
4.4. We have the right to disable any Account or user password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms or any of our policies.
4.5. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account and must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your Account as soon as you become aware of it.
5. Your use of the Service
5.1. You agree not to use or provide any false, incomplete or misleading information in the registration process. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us. We shall not be under any obligation to open an Account and reserve the right to refuse to provide the Service to any person at any time.
5.2. You must not use the Service in a way that violates any applicable laws or regulations, these Terms, or any other policy or terms that we communicate on our Website, through the App or on any other Platform from time to time. We reserve the right to refuse to make the Service available to any person, terminate the Account of any user, or change the eligibility requirements at any time, with or without notice.
6. Limitations to the Service
6.1. The Service is provided for general information and entertainment purposes only and is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Nothing contained on our Website, on the App or on any other Platform constitutes advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of information obtained from the Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information provided, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that such information is accurate, complete or up to date.
7. Proprietary rights
7.1. You acknowledge that, as between you and us, all intellectual property rights (meaning copyright, design rights, trade marks, patents, rights in any inventions and any and all other rights of a similar kind) and rights of ownership in the Website, the App, the Documentation (as defined herein) and the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, throughout the world shall belong to us, and that you shall not acquire any rights in, or to, the Website, the App, the Documentation or the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us (or any element thereof), other than the right to use the Service in accordance with these Terms.
7.2. You must not use any part of the content on the Website, the App or any other Platform through which the Service is available (except any content that you have generated) for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from the owner of that content.
7.3. You acknowledge that your use of the Service is subject always to your complying with any instructions of use issued by us from time to time.
8. Complaints policy
8.1. We are committed to providing a quality service to you and value your views, opinions and feedback on any products which have been supplied to you or the Service which we have provided to you.
8.2. If you believe that we have not performed any of our duties to a satisfactory standard please
contact us
and we shall endeavour to put right any problems. We shall endeavour to contact you within five working days of receiving your email and shall work closely with you in trying to resolve any problems fairly and quickly and to ensure that both our products and the Service which we have provided to you are to your satisfaction.
9. Our liability
9.1. We will not be liable for any delays or failure in the performance of any part of the Service due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you assume full responsibility for any loss that results from your use of the Website, the App, any other Platform, and the Service. We are not responsible for the behaviour of any advertisers, linked websites or other users. We exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms implied by law that may apply to our Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service, or any content on it.
9.2. Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for any other liability which may not be limited or excluded by law. For the avoidance of doubt, any rights you have as a consumer under applicable local law or other legal rights to which you may be entitled as a consumer are unaffected.
9.3. We only supply the Service for domestic and private use. If you use the Service for any other purpose (including commercial, business or re-sale) we will have no liability to you for any indirect or consequential loss, loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity or goodwill. In any event, our total liability for any claims made under these Terms in any given month will be no more than what you paid us for the Service (if any) in the month prior to any such claim being made.
9.4. We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, however it arises and, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
your use of, or inability to use, the Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service;
your use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service;
any use of the Service which is not authorised by us;
incompatibility of the Service with any other software or hardware (including any of your devices);
any act or omission of any third party platform, service provider, supplier, device manufacturer or provider of a device operating system which is beyond our reasonable control; or
errors, viruses or bugs present in or arising from your use of the Service.
9.5. The exclusions of liability in this section apply to the fullest extent permissible by law.
9.6. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542.
9.7. In addition, please note that disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the
European Commission Online Dispute Resolution
platform.
10. General
10.1. Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using the Service, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on the Website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. The expression ‘writing’ or ‘written’ includes emails.
10.2. All notices from you to us must be in writing and sent by email, registered post or airmail. Our contact details can be found
here
. All notices from us to you will be displayed on the Website from time to time or sent by email, registered post or airmail to any address provided by you to us. Notices will be deemed received immediately when posted on the Website, 24 hours after an email is sent, 3 working days (a working day being any day on which banks in London are normally open for business) after the date of posting of any letter by registered post, and 10 working days after the date of posting if sent by airmail. If a notice is deemed to have been received after 4.00pm on any working day, or on any day which is not a working day, it shall be deemed to have been received at 9.00am on the next working day.
10.3. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another person or organisation and will let you know by email if we plan to do this. You may not transfer any of your rights under these Terms or your Account (including, for the avoidance of doubt, your right to use the App or the Service, or any other Platform on which the Service is made available) to any other user or entity unless we agree in writing.
10.4. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any section of these Terms is not enforceable, then that section will be removed or edited as little as necessary and the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
10.5. These Terms, and any other document expressly referred to in these documents, constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us, relating to its subject matter. We each acknowledge that, in our provision of and your use of the Service, neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty of any person other than as expressly set out in these documents. Nothing in this section shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
10.6. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of any breach by you of these Terms, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
10.7. We have the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time. The latest version of these Terms will be available on the Website. You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you use the Service.
10.8. The Contract is between you and us and no other person shall have rights to enforce any of its terms.
10.9. These Terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Service in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Service in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Service in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
My Warhammer Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1. These Terms of Use
1.1. By using our Website or downloading the App, or by using or downloading any other Platform, you accept and agree to abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the Website, the App or any other Platform or means to access the Service.
1.2. If you sign up for an Account or purchase a Subscription Service, our
General My Warhammer Terms
and
Subscription Service Terms
will also apply. Where you have purchased a Subscription Service, any reference to the ‘Service’ in these Terms of Use shall also be a reference to the Subscription Service.
1.3. You must be at least 13 years old (or older, if the place that you live requires this by law) to accept these Terms of Use and download the App or otherwise use the Service through any other Platform. For more information about our minimum age requirements, please
contact us
.
2. Our right to make changes
2.1. We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Use and any of our other Terms from time to time. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make. Some of the provisions contained within our Terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our Website or as otherwise notified to you. Your continued use of the Website, the App or other relevant Platform (as the case may be) constitutes your acceptance of any changes.
2.2. From time to time we may automatically update the Website, the App or relevant Platform, and change the Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system or address security issues. We may also ask you to update the App for these reasons. If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using the App or the Service.
3. Availability and back-ups
3.1. We do not guarantee that our Website, the App or any other Platform we make available, or any content on it, will always be available or that your ability to use it will be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw, update or make changes, or restrict the availability of or access to all or any part of our Website, the App or any other Platform we make available for business or operational reasons. We will not be liable if for any reason our Website, the App or any other Platform is unavailable at any time or for any period.
3.2. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Service.
3.3. You must back up any content and data used in connection with the Service (in particular, the App), to protect yourself in case of problems. If you delete the App, this will automatically delete all content and data stored by you within the App.
4. Licence to use the App
4.1. If you download the App, we, Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, license you to use:
the ‘Warhammer 40,000: The App' mobile application software, the related documentation (Documentation), the data supplied with the software, and any updates or supplements to it; and
the service you connect to via the App and the content we provide to you through it.
4.2. In return for you agreeing to comply with these Terms of Use and subject to any restrictions contained within these Terms of Use or otherwise communicated to you, you may:
download a copy of the App and view, use and display the App and the Service on such devices for your personal purposes only;
use the Documentation to support your permitted use of the App and the Service; and
receive and use any free supplementary software code or update of the App incorporating ‘patches’ and corrections of errors as we may provide to you.
4.3. In using the App, you expressly acknowledge and agree that you will:
except in the course of permitted sharing, not rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide, or otherwise make available, the App, the Documentation or the Service in any form, in whole or in part to any person without prior written consent from us;
not copy the App, Documentation or Service, except as part of the normal use of the App or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
not translate, merge, adapt, vary, alter or modify, the whole or any part of the App, Documentation or Service nor permit the App or the Service or any part of them to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs, except as necessary to use the App and the Service on such devices as permitted in these terms;
not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the App or the Service nor attempt to do any such things; and
comply with all applicable technology control or export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the App or any Service.
5. Acceptable use
5.1. You may use the App, the Website, and the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, for lawful purposes only. You must not use the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
for the purpose of stalking, harming, harassing or abusing, or attempting to stalk, harm, harass or abuse any person in any way;
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation;
knowingly to transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed adversely to affect the operation of any computer software or hardware; or
in any way which is defamatory, obscene, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, likely to deceive any person, or which infringes the rights of any third party.
5.2. In particular, you must not:
use the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us in any manner inconsistent with these Terms, or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, or any operating system;
infringe our intellectual property rights or those of any third party in relation to your use of the App, the Website, any Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us (to the extent that such use is not licensed by these Terms);
use the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users, for instance through a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; or
collect or harvest any information or data from the Service or our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service.
5.3. You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, or copy any part of our Website, the Documentation, the App, the relevant Platform, or the Service without our express permission.
Not to provide information that is inaccurate, fictional or misleading.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of the Service;
any equipment or network on which the Service is hosted or stored;
any software used in the provision of the Service; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
5.4. If you download or stream the App, or access the Website on any phone or other device or Platform not owned by you, you must have the owner's permission to do so. You will be responsible for complying with these Terms, whether or not you own the phone or other device or Platform.
6. We may collect technical data about your device
6.1. By using the App, the Website or the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, you agree to us collecting and using technical information about the devices you use and related software, hardware and peripherals to improve our products and to provide any Service to you. Please also read our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Notice
to learn more about how we handle your personal data and the way in which we use cookies.
7. We may end your rights to use the Service if you break these terms
7.1. If, in our opinion, any of these Terms have been breached, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, which may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your rights to use restricted parts of our Website, the App or relevant Platform, which we may do so at any time by contacting you.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs, liabilities and losses on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. You hereby agree to indemnify us in this respect.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
7.2. If we end your rights to use the App:
You must stop all activities authorised by these Terms, including your use of the App and the Service.
You must delete or remove the App from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the Documentation which you have and confirm to us that you have done this.
We may remotely access your devices and remove the App from them and cease providing you with access to the Service.
7.3. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we exclude liability for any actions taken in response to actual or potential breaches of these Terms. The responses set out above are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
8. Additional terms may also apply
8.1. The ways in which you can use the App and Documentation may also be controlled by the relevant app-store’s rules and policies through which you have downloaded or purchased the App. Please ensure that you have read, understood and accepted any applicable rules and policies before downloading and using the App and any Documentation.
8.2. If you have downloaded the App from the Apple iTunes App Store, the following additional terms apply:
i. You acknowledge that the licence we grant you to use the App in accordance with these Terms of Use (Licence Agreement) is between you and us only, and not with Apple.
ii. Your use of the App is limited to a non-transferable licence to use the App on any Apple-branded products that you own or control and as permitted by the usage rules set out in the App Store Terms of Service.
iii. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
iv. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund you the purchase price for the App. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty set out in this Licence Agreement will be our responsibility.
v. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any of your claims (or any third party claims) relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) any third party claims of intellectual property right infringement, (ii) product liability claims, (iii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (iv) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy or similar legislation.
vi. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, we, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
vii. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that you have been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country (i.e. on Title 15, Part 740 Supplement 1 Country Group E of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations); and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
viii. You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App, e.g., if you have a VoIP application, then you must not be in violation of their wireless data service agreement when using the App.
ix. You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Licence Agreement with respect to the App, and that Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Licence Agreement against you in respect of the App as a third party beneficiary thereof.
9. Intellectual property rights
9.1. Unless otherwise stated, we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Website, the App, the Documentation and the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, and in the material published and content available on it. Those works are protected by trademark and copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You have no intellectual property rights in, or to, the App, the Documentation or the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, other than the right to use them in accordance with these Terms.
9.2. The trade marks depicted on our Website and the App (and any other Platform) are owned by us or our licensors.
9.3. All materials made available, including but not limited to images, artwork, text, audio clips, and video clips, are, unless otherwise stated, owned and controlled by us and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or unauthorised use of the materials for any purpose is a violation of our legal rights. The unauthorised posting of any of our intellectual property, including any images of our products or other artwork on any other website is strictly prohibited.
10. Rules about linking to our Website
10.1. You may link to our Website, or any page within it for personal (non-commercial) reasons, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
10.2. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Use.
10.3. If you wish to make any use of material on our Website other than as set out above, please address your request to us using the contact details set out
here
.
11. Links from our Website
11.1. Where our Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have not reviewed all of these sites and we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. We do not endorse or make any representation about them and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
12. Disclaimer
12.1. We do not warrant that the Website or the App, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, it’s content, or the server that makes it available are or will be error or virus free, or that the Service will be fit for a particular purpose or meet your requirements. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
12.2. Nothing in these Terms of Use affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. In such cases, our liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
13. Developer Name and Address
13.1. The developer of the App is Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England. If you have any questions or complaints relating to the App, please visit the
contact us
section of our webpage.
My Warhammer Subscriptions Service Terms
Subscription Service Terms
1. Your subscription
1.1. Once you have registered your Account, you will be able to purchase a subscription to access the Subscription Service by following the instructions set out in the ‘Subscriptions’ section of the Website.
1.2. When we first make the Subscription Service available to you following your completion of the online process or send you an email confirming that your subscription is active (whichever is the earlier), this is when the contact between you and us for the provision of the Subscription Service (Contract) shall come into force (Commencement Date). Your access to the Subscription Service will continue until we or you cancel the Subscription Service in accordance with these Terms.
1.3. We shall not be under any obligation to accept any request for a paid subscription and reserve the right to refuse to provide the Subscription Service to any person at any time.
1.4. For the avoidance of doubt, the Contract between you and us includes the
General My Warhammer Terms
, the
Terms of Use
and these Subscription Terms, and the provision of the Subscription Service is subject to you agreeing to and complying with such Terms at all times.
1.5. If you wish to cancel your access to the Subscription Service, you must notify us of your intention to do so by emailing us or by selecting the relevant option in the ‘Subscriptions’ area of the Website (Cancellation Notice). Upon receipt of your Cancellation Notice, we will contact you by email to confirm the cancellation of your Subscription Service. Your access to the Subscription Service and the Contract will automatically come to an end at the end of the billing period in which your Cancellation Notice was received and the cancellation was confirmed by us. If you wish to cancel part way through your current billing period, please contact us
here
to discuss your options.
2. Your status
2.1. By subscribing to the Subscription Service, you warrant and represent that you have either reached the age of legal capacity where you live (in England, this is age 18), or have the valid consent of your parent or legal guardian to be bound by the terms of the Contract on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of legal capacity where you live, or do not understand this section, please do not subscribe to the Subscription Service before you have asked your parent or legal guardian for help and their consent.
2.2. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who subscribes to the Subscription Service, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by the terms of the Contract and you are responsible for supervising the minor in the purchase and use of the Subscription Service.
3. Changes to your subscription
3.1. We will endeavour to notify you at least 30 days before making any material changes to the terms of the Contract or the Subscription Service, unless the changes need to be implemented sooner than this for security, legal or regulatory reasons. If any change to the terms of the Contract or the Subscription Service is likely to have a significant adverse effect on your use or enjoyment of the Subscription Service, we will provide you with at least 30 days' notice before the changes are due to come into effect and you can choose to cancel your subscription before the changes become effective.
3.2. If you continue to use the Subscription Service following notification of any change to the terms of the Contract or the Subscription Service, this constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms of the Contract or Subscription Service as varied. The most up to date version of these Terms will always be available on our Website or otherwise available upon request.
4. If you change your mind
4.1. You have a legal right to change your mind within 14 days from the Commencement Date. In order to exercise this right, you must send us a Cancellation Notice notifying us of your intention to do so and, once we have confirmed the cancellation of your Subscription Service, we will refund you any amounts already paid to us under the Contract. However, we reserve the right to retain from you, or require you to pay us, a reasonable sum which reflects the proportionate amount of time you have had access to the Subscription Service until the time at which you tell us that you have changed your mind. We will usually refund any money received from you by using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
5. Price and payment
5.1. The charges for the Subscription Service will be as quoted on our Website from time to time (Charges). The Charges will be confirmed during the online subscription sign-up process and in the email confirmation we send you following confirmation of your purchase.
5.2. Your purchase of the Subscription Service may be subject to certain sales taxes depending on where in the world you are. Further details of sales taxes can be found in the
'Taxes and Charges'
page of the Customer Services section on the Website. If you are responsible for paying tax and that tax has not been collected by us, it is your responsibility to pay such tax as applicable. Our VAT numbers can be found at the end of these Subscription Service Terms.
5.3. Payment of the Charges must be made using one of the methods made available on our Website. Without affecting anything else set out in these conditions, by providing us with a payment method, you:
i. represent that you are authorised to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is complete and accurate and will be kept up to date by you;
ii. authorise us to charge you for the Subscription Service using your chosen payment method;
iii. authorise us to charge you on a recurring basis in line with the Subscription Service you have purchased until the Contract is cancelled by either you or us in accordance with these Terms; and
iv. authorise us or our third-party payment processors to store your payment account details, and take payment from or charge your designated account through your chosen payment method.
5.4. We will notify you in advance of any intended change in the Charges and provide you with the opportunity to cancel the Subscription Service before any such price change takes effect. Please refer to section 1.5. above for more details on how you can cancel your subscription.
5.5. If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, we or our service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and process any such payment as a payment for the Subscription Service. We may charge you at the same time for more than one billing period for any amounts that have not previously been processed successfully. We reserve the right to suspend your Account and access to the Subscription Service until you have paid us any outstanding amounts or cancel the Contract in accordance with section 6 at our discretion.
6. Our rights to cancel or suspend access
6.1. We reserve the right to suspend your access to the Service or end the Contract immediately by giving you notice if:
i. you have or we reasonably believe that you have committed a serious breach of these Terms (or any of our other policies which appear on our Website from time to time) which either cannot be remedied, or you fail to remedy the breach after we give you notice to do so; or
ii. you do not make any payment to us when it is due.
6.2. Upon cancellation of the Contract for any reason, you will lose access to the Service and need to purchase a new subscription in order to regain access.
7. Your obligations
7.1. In return for our making available of the Subscription Service to you, you agree to:
pay the Charges;
comply at all times with the
General My Warhammer Terms
, the
Terms of Use
and these Subscription Terms;
use the Service for your own personal and non-commercial use, and not for any commercial or business purpose;
ensure all information you give us is correct at all times, and notify us immediately of any changes to your contact or payment details;
only use the Service in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations; and
be responsible for configuring your own information technology and devices in order to access the Service. You should use your own anti-virus software.
8. VAT Numbers
Austria: ATU 65067009
Belgium: BE 0897973639
Bulgaria: GB 580 8534 21
Croatia: GB 580 8534 21
Cyprus: GB 580 8534 21
Czech Republic: GB 580 8534 21
Denmark: DK 20341505
Estonia: GB 580 8534 21
Finland: FI 17237135
France: FR 23438863441
Germany: DE 191461167
Greece: GB 580 8534 21
Hungary: GB 580 8534 21
Ireland: IE 6602304E
Italy: IT 00115749996
Latvia: GB 580 8534 21
Lithuania: GB 580 8534 21
Luxembourg: GB 580 8534 21
Malta: GB 580 8534 21
Netherlands: NL 806157495B01
Poland: PL 1080011028
Portugal: GB 580 8534 21
Romania: GB 580 8534 21
Slovakia: GB 580 8534 21
Slovenia: GB 580 8534 21
Spain: ES N00686511
Sweden: SE 502050782701
UK: GB 580 8534 21
VAT Numbers Last updated: 9 December 2020
My Warhammer Beta Service Terms
Beta Service Terms
1. Beta Service
1.1. For a limited period of time, we will be offering all users who have signed up for a My Warhammer Account free access to the Subscription Service via the App for a period of one calendar month (Beta Service).
1.2. The Beta Service will be available to all users who have an existing Account or who sign up for a new Account from 9th December 2020 to 9th January 2021 (inclusive) (Promotional Period).
1.3. You may only use the Beta Service once. We shall not be under any obligation to accept any request for access to the Beta Service and reserve the right to refuse to provide the Beta Service to any person at any time or withdraw or modify this offer without prior notice.
2. New accounts
2.1. If you do not already have a My Warhammer Account, you will need to first create a My Warhammer user account (Account) on our Website by following the online instructions. You must also agree to comply with the General My Warhammer Terms and Terms of Use.
2.2. Once you have registered your Account, you will be able to activate the Beta Service by following the instructions set out in the ‘Subscriptions’ area of the Website.
2.3. When activating the Beta Service, you will be asked to provide payment card details, which will be handled at all times in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
. You will not be charged for access to the Beta Service, but must unsubscribe or cancel before the end of your one-month free access period in order to avoid automatically being charged (see ‘End of the free access period’ below).
2.4. Your one-month free access period will begin from the date on which we first make the Beta Service available to you following your completion of the online process or send you an email confirming that your Beta Service subscription is active (whichever is the earlier).
3. Existing accounts
3.1. If you have already signed up for a paid subscription, your one-month free access to the Beta Service will automatically begin the day after the end of your current billing period (during the Promotional Period) and when we notify you confirming that the Beta Service has been activated on your Account. If you discover that this has not happened automatically, please
contact us
.
4. End of the free access period
4.1. Your access to the Beta Service will continue until the end of the one-month free access period, or until we or you cancel the Beta Service in accordance with these Terms (whichever occurs first).
4.2. You will not be charged for access to the Beta Service. However, if you have not cancelled before midnight on the last day of your one-month free access period, you acknowledge and agree that your Account will automatically convert to an ongoing paid subscription, and you will automatically be charged using the payment card details you originally provided (see ‘Cancellation’ below) in accordance with the Subscription Service Terms.
5. Cancellation
5.1. You have the right to cancel your access to the Beta Service at any time by emailing us at
uk.custserv@gwplc.com
or by selecting the relevant option in the 'Subscriptions’ area of the Website.
5.2. We reserve the right to change or withdraw the Beta Service (in whole or in part) at any time, with our without notice.
PLEASE REMEMBER TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION BEFORE THE END OF THE ONE-MONTH FREE ACCESS PERIOD TO AVOID BEING CHARGED.
Talk To Our Experts
If you’re stuck and can’t find what you need, our team is here to help.
Talk now
We use cookies to give you personalised content and adverts, provide you social media content you’ll want to see and to analyse our traffic. We may share information about how you use the site with social media, advertising, and analytics partners.
Accept Cookies
Reject Cookies
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
You probably already know about cookies – they’re little nuggets of information that websites store on your browser to personalise your experience. They record information about your device and preferences that help make the site work the way you expect.
You have the right to choose what types of cookies you allow. Click on the category headings to find out more about the different kinds and change the settings to suit you. Remember that some cookies are necessary to the experience and features of the site, so blocking some might change the way the site works for you.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.warhammer.com/legal#Privacy%20Notice:
Legal
Help
Contact Us
Help
Delivery
Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Help
Legal
Help
Promotions
Legal Section Contents
Legal Section Contents
Legal Section Contents
Data and Privacy
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
White Dwarf Privacy Notice
Legal
Intellectual Property Guidelines
Copyright and Legal Information
Taxes and Charges
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush - Safety Recall Instructions
Warhammer - Alliance Packs: Conditions of Sale
Conformity and Safety
My Warhammer Terms and Conditions
Welcome To My Warhammer
General My Warhammer Terms
My Warhammer Terms Of Use
My Warhammer Subscriptions Service Terms
My Warhammer Beta Service Terms
Data and Privacy
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
White Dwarf Privacy Notice
Data and Privacy
Privacy Notice
March  2025
Games Workshop is committed to protecting your privacy. This notice describes how we  collect and use personal information about you.
This notice applies to personal information that we collect in connection with our  websites at www.blacklibrary.com, www.warhammer.com, www.warhammer community.com, www.warhammerdigital.com, warhammerworld.games-workshop.com,  www.mywarhammer.com, other micro-sites operated by us from time to time, and our  various social media accounts (“Websites”).
This notice also applies to personal information that is collected from you by our Customer  Services team.
The data controller of your personal information collected through the Websites is Games  Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom.
The Games Workshop EU Representative for all Data Protection purposes is Games  Workshop Limited - Irish branch, Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland.
Please read this notice carefully to understand how and why we are using your personal  information.
1. The kind of information we may hold about you
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of your personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, email address and telephone  number.
Date of birth.
Country and language.
Bank account, credit/debit card and payment information.
Details of purchases and transactions carried out through the Websites and fulfilled by us. ▪ Information submitted as part of a competition operated through the Websites. ▪ Information submitted as part of a survey operated through the Websites.
Records of correspondence with you whether by telephone, email, social media or  otherwise.
School, Club or Scout group name and club size, scout leader or teacher details including  contact details, ID numbers, address and any other information submitted as part of an  application to the Warhammer alliance.
Telephone call information, including call recordings, phone number and length of call.
Gift List information.
Social media profile information, including profile name and picture.  ▪ Photographs.
Product Interests and preferences.
Details of your visits to the Websites, and information about how your device has  interacted with our Websites, including search and browsing history, the pages accessed  and links clicked.
Outcome of individual third-party risk scoring in relation to fraud prevention activities.
Information collected automatically from your device, including IP address, device type,  operating system, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic  location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
2. How is your personal information collected?
We collect information that you provide voluntarily. Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to  provide personal information voluntarily, to register an account with us, to place an order with us,  to subscribe to a service from us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to  submit enquiries to us. We also collect information that you provide voluntarily to our Customer  Services team, whether in writing or by telephone or email.
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to  provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. 
We also collect some information automatically when you visit the Websites. Collecting this  information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Websites, where they  come from, and what content on our Websites is of interest to them.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology. We use  cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal  information about you, including to serve internet-based advertising. For further information about  the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
We also collect analytical information from third parties as part of our fraud prevention obligations  which may include individual risk scoring information.
3. Why do we collect your personal information?
The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below:
To create an account for you to help us provide a more personalised service suited to meet  your preferences.
To ensure that the Websites are presented in the most effective manner for you and your  device.
To send you newsletters or catalogues or provide you with information, products or services  that you request from us, or which we feel may interest you.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. ▪ To check the authenticity of applications.
To process refunds.
To interact with you and handle and respond to communications with you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Websites and service, when you  choose to do so.
To promote customer interactions, activities and engagement.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To contact you and to update you in respect of any partially complete or incomplete orders  you have made.
To carry out your requests in respect of any Gift List you may create. ▪ To operate competitions on the Websites and communicate with entrants.
To obtain and analyse your feedback and personal submissions as part of customer surveys and to publish them on our websites and social media pages.
To reserve gaming tables.
To analyse customer behaviour and purchases within the Websites and improve the quality  and relevance of our Websites to our visitors.
To facilitate the improvement and optimisation of our services to you.
To store information about your preferences to allow us to customise our site and newsletters  according to your individual interests.
To monitor delivery and viewing of our newsletters to facilitate the improvement and  optimisation of the delivery of the newsletter to you.
To handle any disputes which we may have with you.
To detect and/or prevent illegal or undesirable activities within the Websites, including  adding such activities to the company’s blacklists.
To ensure we do not engage in business with denied or restricted parties.
Training purposes.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on  the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, such as: (i) for  the purpose of performing a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests  and not overridden by your rights, (iii) where we have your consent to do so, or (iv) where we have  a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of  any third party), this interest will normally be for our legitimate commercial interest, to operate the  Websites and make these available to you as necessary to provide our products and services to  you, for interacting with you, responding to your queries and maintaining good customer relations,  for monitoring our communications with you, analysing customer behaviour and purchases,  undertaking and optimising marketing and contacting you in respect of incomplete orders,  operating our Gift List and digital voucher services, obtaining customer feedback, handling  disputes, staff development and for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal or undesirable  activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at  the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we  collect and use your personal information, please contact us (section 13).
4. What if you fail to provide personal information?
If you fail to provide certain information when requested we may not be able to perform any contract  we have entered into with you, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations.
5. What if we want to use your information for a different purpose?
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we  reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with  the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we  will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent  where this is required or permitted by law.
6. How secure is your information?
We have put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent your personal  information from being accidentally lost, used, accessed, altered or disclosed. The measures we  use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal  information and include:
Site access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to premises,  buildings and rooms where your information is being processed.
IT access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to your information  stored electronically within our IT systems.
IT security controls – use of appropriate technology and security measures to ensure secure  storage of your information.
Policies & procedures – comprehensive data protection and IT security policies and  procedures setting out the way in which your information must be handled by staff.
Training – delivery of ongoing data protection and IT security training to all staff handling your information.
7. Who might we share your information with?
We may share your personal information in the situations detailed below:
- Service providers
We share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us. The following  activities all involve the processing of personal information and are carried out by third party service  providers: website hosting, website optimization and analytics, edge caching services, payment  processing, delivery, monitoring and optimisation of checkout reminder emails and marketing  materials, customer survey services, hosting and maintenance of customer services case  management platform, maintenance of call recording system, hosting and maintenance of social  media platforms, document and information collaboration and sharing, IT services. Further details  in respect of our third party service providers are available on request. Please contact us (section  13) for further information.
All service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal  information. We do not allow third-party service providers to use your personal information for their  own purposes. When processing data on our behalf, we only permit them to process your personal  data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
- Games Workshop group
We may share your personal information with other entities in our group of companies as part of  regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of business reorganisation or  group restructuring, or for system maintenance support.
- Sale or restructure
We may share your personal information in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the  business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the  purposes disclosed in this notice.
- Law, legal rights and vital interests
We may also need to share your information with a law enforcement body, regulator, government  agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of  applicable law, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital  interests or those of any person.
- Consent
We may share your personal information where you have specifically consented to such  disclosure. This includes, for example, publication of Gift Lists.
8. Do you transfer my information outside of the UK?
We may transfer your personal information outside the UK. We will only transfer your personal  information outside the UK if adequate protection measures are in place. To ensure that your  personal information does receive an adequate level of protection outside the UK we use the  following protection measures:
Transferring to countries covered by UK adequacy regulations
Using model contractual clauses approved by UK GDPR
Requiring companies we transfer information to in the United States to be certified under  the Data Privacy Framework, or using the UK GDPR model clauses
Further details in respect of protective measures used outside of the UK are available on request.  Please contact us (section 13) for further information.
9. How long do we keep hold of your information?
We only retain your information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above,  including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will  either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal  information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal  information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature,  and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure  of your personal data, the purposes for which it has been processed, and whether we can achieve  those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be  associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
10. What are your rights in connection with your personal information?
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Request correction of any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of information where there is no good reason for continued processing.
Object to processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest to  process your information.
Where we are processing your information for a particular purpose based on your consent,  you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Request restriction to suspend our processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information to another party which you have provided to  us.
Opt out of marketing communications which we send you at any time. If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact us (section 13).
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise any of your rights, however we may charge a reasonable  fee if your request is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the  request in such circumstances.
Please note that we may need to request information from you to confirm your identity and  establish your entitlement to these rights.
If you are not satisfied with our processing of your personal information, you also have the right to  make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority.
Please see here for the relevant contact  details
.
11. What we ask of you?
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please  contact us (section 13) immediately and inform us of any changes to the personal information  which we hold about you.
If you provide us with information about another person (e.g. gift recipient), you confirm that you  have informed them of our identity, the purposes for which their personal data will be processed,  and that you have obtained their permission to such processing by us.
12. Change to this privacy notice
We may update this notice from time to time. When we update this notice, we will take appropriate  measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes. We will obtain your  consent to any material changes if and where this is required by law.
You can see when this notice was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this  notice.
13. Contact us
This notice is overseen by the Data Protection Manager of the Games Workshop group. If you  have any questions, complaints or requests please make contact with our Data Protection  Manager by email:
privacy@gwplc.com
or contact us by telephone on +44 115 900 4000 and  ask for Privacy.
Cookie Notice
November 2023
This Cookie Notice explains how Games Workshop Limited uses cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites at  www.warhammer.com,
www.blacklibrary.com
,
www.warhammer-community.com
,
www.warhammerdigital.com
,
warhammerworld.games-workshop.com
,
www.mywarhammer.com
, and other micro-sites operated by us from time to time   ("Websites").  It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.  Cookies are widely used by website owners to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner are called "first party cookies".  Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described below:
Types of cookie: Essential website cookies:
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Who serves these cookies:
Warhammer.com
Queueit
H.online-metrix.com
Fonts.net
Flex.cybersource.com
OneTrust
How to refuse:
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them.You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading "
How can I control cookies?
"
Types of cookie: Performance and functionality cookies:
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use.  However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may become unavailable.
Who serves these cookies:
Cloudflare (
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-CloudFlare-cfduid-cookie-do
)
How to refuse:
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "
How can I control cookies?
"
Types of cookie: Analytics and customisation cookies:
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our Websites for you.
Who serves these cookies:
Google Analytics (
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/
),
HotJar (
http://inside.hotjar.com/support/solutions/articles/1000132900-what-cookies-does-hotjar-store-on-my-visitors-browsers-
),
YouTube (
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/
)
Selligent (
https://www.selligent.com/privacy-policy
Web Trends Optimize (
https://www.webtrends-optimize.com/privacy/
)
Algolia (
https://www.https://www.algolia.com/policies/privacy
)
How to refuse:
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"
Types of cookie:
Advertising cookies:
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.  They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. They are also useful for calculating conversions from promotional messages.
Who serves these cookies:
Google Advertising (
https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
)
Criteo,
Facebook,
Twitter,
TikTok,
DoubleClick,
postrelease.com
omnitagjs.com
media.net
krxd.net
id5-sync.com
exchange.mediavine.com
How to refuse:
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?" Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
Google Advertising:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website.  We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").  These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them.  This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns.  In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
We also use Google signals session data from sites and apps that Google associates with users who have signed in to their Google accounts, and who have turned on Ads Personalisation. This association of data with these signed-in users is used to enable cross-device reporting, cross-device remarketing, and cross-device conversion export to Google Ads. You can manage your settings for Google Ad Personalisation here Data collected under Google signals is not used or shared for any purpose other than to provide the Google Analytics service unless you enable Data Sharing settings or opt to link with Google products.
Do you serve targeted advertising?
When you visit our website, selected third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to allow relevant adverts to be delivered to you on third party websites. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and exchanges, advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels and cookies, in addition to technology offered by third parties such as Facebook pixel's custom audience feature. The adverts which you see will be based on your previous use of the Games Workshop website. The information collected through this process does not enable us or the third party websites to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.  We will use anonymous information about the ad you saw and how you engaged with it to measure and improve our advertising campaigns in the future.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.  You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.   As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking using a browser plugin at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
. You can specifically opt-out from personalised ads powered by Google across your internet usage at
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.  If you would like to find out more information, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
How often will you update this Cookie Notice?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time.  Please re-visit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@gwplc.com.
Terms of Website Use
Games Workshop Limited
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of this website (our site) whether as a guest or as a registered user.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site.
By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Information about us
This site is operated by Games Workshop Limited (we or our or us or GW).
We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 1467092 and have our registered office at Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England.
Our VAT numbers can be found
here
.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you, or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Your access to our site is dependent on you consenting to our use (and certain third parties) of cookies in connection with your visit to the site. More information can be found in our
Cookie Notice
.
Acceptable use
You may only use our site for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of stalking, harming, harassing or abusing, or attempting to stalk, harm, harass or abuse any person in any way.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
To transmit any material that is defamatory, obscene, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, likely to deceive any person, or which infringes the rights of any third party.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, or copy any part of our site without our express permission.
Not to provide information that is inaccurate, fictional or misleading.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site
- any equipment or network on which our site is stored
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by trademark and copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
The trade marks depicted on our site are owned by us or our licensors.
All materials on this site, including but not limited to images, artwork, text, audio clips, and video clips, are, unless otherwise stated, owned and controlled by GW and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or unauthorized use of the materials for any purpose is a violation of our legal rights. The unauthorized posting of any of our intellectual property, including any images of our products or other artwork on any other website, including, but not limited eBay, Amazon or Craigslist is strictly prohibited.
Downloadable Material Licence
These are the terms and conditions that apply when you receive electronic artwork, wallpapers, game rules, PDF files or other material downloadable from the GW website or through the GW email subscription service(“Downloadable Material”). The parties agree that in consideration of your use of the GW website and/or the GW email subscription service, GW grants you a licence to use the Downloadable Material on the following terms:
This licence is made between: (1) Games Workshop Limited, Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom (“GW”); and (2) the recipient of material downloaded from GW’s website (“You/you/Your/your”) together being “the parties”.
GW grants to you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use the Downloadable Material in the following ways:
1.1 to store the Downloadable Material on any number of electronic devices and/or storage media (including, by way of example only, personal computers, e-book readers, mobile phones, portable hard drives, USB flash drives, CDs or DVDs) which are personally owned by you; and
1.2 to access the Downloadable Material using an appropriate electronic device and/or through any appropriate storage media.
For the avoidance of doubt, you are ONLY licensed to use the Downloadable Material as described in paragraph 1 above. You may NOT use or store the Downloadable Material in any other way. If you do, GW shall be entitled to terminate this license.
Further to the general restriction at paragraph 2, GW shall be entitled to terminate this licence in the event that you use or store the Downloadable Material (or any part of it) in any way not expressly licensed. This includes (but is by no means limited to) the following circumstances:

3.1 you provide the Downloadable Material to any company, individual or other legal person who does not possess a license to use or store it;
3.2 you make the Downloadable Material available on bit-torrent sites, or are otherwise complicit in ‘seeding’ or sharing the Downloadable Material with any company, individual or other legal person who does not possess a license to use or store it;
3.3 you print or reproduce in any physical format and distribute hard copies of the Downloadable Material to any company, individual or other legal person who does not possess a license to use or store it;
3.4 you attempt to reverse engineer, bypass, alter, amend, remove or otherwise make any change to any copy protection technology which may be applied to the Downloadable Material;
3.5 you use, or allow another company, individual or legal person to use, the Downloadable Material commercially or in relation to any business or business activities.
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights in the Downloadable Material are, and shall remain, the sole property of GW.
On termination of this licence, howsoever effected, you shall immediately and permanently delete all copies of the Downloadable Material from your computers and storage media, and shall destroy all hard copies of the Downloadable Material which you have derived from the Downloadable Material.
GW shall be entitled to amend these terms and conditions from time to time by written notice to you.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law, and shall be subject only to the jurisdiction of the Courts in England and Wales.
If any part of this licence is illegal, or becomes illegal as a result of any change in the law, then that part shall be deleted, and replaced with wording that is as close to the original meaning as possible without being illegal.
Any failure by GW to exercise its rights under this licence for whatever reason shall not be in any way deemed to be a waiver of its rights, and in particular, GW reserves the right at all times to terminate this license in the event that you breach paragraph 2 or paragraph 3.
Reliance on information posted
Any materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Site changes
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely.
Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy.
We do not warrant that the site, its content or the server that makes it available are error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this website will be uninterrupted.
To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group companies and any third parties connected to us, hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, loss of goodwill, wasted management or office time and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
If you are a California resident you waive California Civil Code §1542
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. In such cases, our liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Information about you
We collect information about you in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
and
Cookie Notice
. By using our site, you accept these Terms of Website Use and to our collection of information about you in accordance with our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice. You warrant that all data provided by you is accurate, genuine and lawful.
Purchases concluded through our site
Purchases though our site are governed by our
Terms and Conditions of Sale
.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 and other laws. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our website, or any page within it for personal (non-commercial) reasons, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these terms of use.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to us using the contact details set out below.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have not reviewed all of these sites and we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
We do not endorse or make any representation about them and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Suspension and termination
If, in our opinion, these terms of use have been breached, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions.
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your rights to use restricted parts of our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs, liabilities and losses on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. You hereby agree to indemnify us in this respect.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these terms of use. The responses set out above are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Social Media Image Terms
We at Games Workshop love to see pictures of our hobbyists enjoying the hobby. Thank you for your interest in submitting your photo, caption and/or other content (collectively, "Photo Materials") for use on the website and social media pages run by Games Workshop Limited and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("Games Workshop", “GW”, "we", "us", or "our").
This is a legal agreement between you and GW which governs our use of the Photo Materials you submit to us. You should read it carefully. If you do not agree to it, do not submit any Photo Materials to us.
1. Terms of Agreement
The provision of your Photo Materials to GW is subject to the terms below, and the GW Privacy Notice which can be found here (collectively, the "Agreement"). In particular, you agree that we may collect your name, email address, Photo Materials, social media username, social media profile picture thumbnail, and information provided to us by a social media site, to process our use of the Photo Materials and share your information with third parties for their use in providing services to us. If you are not willing to be bound by the terms of the Agreement, please do not submit your Photo Materials.
2. Where will my Photo Materials and Personal Information be Displayed?
Your Photo Materials will be displayed on the GW website with your social media username and profile picture thumbnail (as long as your social media account is not set as private) alongside it, and these will be featured on our home page, on a gallery of the images and also on the relevant product page if the Photo Materials feature a specific product. By submitting your Photo Materials you acknowledge and permit this use of your username, thumbnail and Photo Materials.
3. Grant of License to GW
You hereby represent, warrant and covenant to GW that you own all right, title and interest (including copyright) in the Photo Materials and shall not infringe any third party’s rights whatsoever, including intellectual property rights.
You hereby grant GW a non-exclusive, transferrable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license and right to use, archive, stream, copy, distribute, publish, modify, create derivative works of, and otherwise exploit, in whole or in part, your Photo Materials in any manner or medium now known or hereafter devised. This exploitation may include, without limitation, use of your Photo Materials to endorse GW or third-party products and services. Additionally, you further grant GW a non-exclusive, transferrable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license and right (but not the obligation) to exploit your social media username, social media thumbnail (e.g. a profile picture), and any other materials or information you submit to GW in connection with your Photo Materials.
You hereby irrevocably waive any and all rights to seek or obtain any injunctive or other equitable or compensatory relief against GW for its use or exploitation of the Photo Materials or your social media username, or any other materials you submit in connection with your Photo Materials as licensed herein, as well as any claims for moral rights.
You agree that you will not receive any compensation for GW’s exploitation of the Photo Materials and GW has no obligation to use any of your Photo Materials. GW may remove your Photo Materials from the GW website or social media sites at any time. GW will not return Photo Materials to you.
Other than as provided in this Agreement, you will retain ownership of all rights in your Photo Materials.
4. Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant that: (a) you have the full right, power, and authority to enter into and fully perform the terms of this Agreement; (b) you are the sole human subject depicted in the Photo Materials; (c) no persons under the age of eighteen (18) years of age are depicted in the Photo Materials;(d) you own or are authorized on behalf of all applicable rights holders to submit the Photo Materials and make all the grants of rights in this Agreement; (e) your Photo Materials do not contain or link to any malicious code or content of any kind; (f) you have all the applicable rights and authority to grant GW the rights granted herein; (g) you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and the terms of this Agreement; (h) your Photo Materials do not contain any material that depicts nudity; is sexually explicit, profane, defamatory, or obscene; pertains to violence, discrimination, or illegal activities; or is offensive, harassing, or threatening; (i) your Photo Materials do not infringe or violate the rights of a third party, including without limitation any intellectual property rights, right of privacy, rights of publicity, or moral rights or any applicable laws or regulations; and (j) your Photo Materials do not contain any trademark, logo, brand name or trade name (or variations or parodies of them) of any company or person other than GW .
5. Remember me on this device
The 'Remember Me on this Device' function
When you log in to our website, you will see a 'remember me on this device' checkbox, alongside a brief description of this functionality. Should you tick this checkbox, we will remember part of your account information and what you had in your basket for when you next visit the site on the device and browser you are using when you tick the checkbox. We will still require you to enter your password when accessing sensitive areas of the site, such as your account section, or the checkout process.
We do not recommend, and advise against, using this function when using a shared device or when using a public device, such as you might find at an internet cafe or library. Should you do so, a limited amount of your account information may be accessible to others using that device.
If you do activate the 'remember me on this device' checkbox on a device, and subsequently do not have access to it, your account will remain secure. Other users on that device will not be able to access your detailed account information, or checkout, without entering your password. Please be aware that some browsers and devices may save passwords if you prompt them to, and that if you lose access to a device which you have saved your password on before, we always recommend resetting your password. You can do this in the "My Account" section of the site, after you have logged in, or by using the "Forgotten your password?" functionality on any login page.
6. Data Protection
All personal information submitted by you will be processed by us in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
and
Cookie Notice
.
7. Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify and hold GW , its affiliates, and sublicensees, harmless from and against all third party claims and all liabilities, losses, costs, or damages resulting from or arising out of (a) your breach of this Agreement; (b) your infringement of the rights of a third party, or (c) the content of your Photo Materials.
8. Disclaimer
To the extent permissible under applicable law, GW disclaims responsibility for and will not be liable for: (i) technical problems or malfunctions that affect the GW website, social media sites or viewing of the Photo Materials; (ii) lost, faulty, illegible, distorted, jumbled, garbled, delayed, or intercepted or otherwise un-received, Photo Materials or data transmissions; (iii) unauthorized tampering, interference, hacking activities or viruses, bugs, worms or illicit code; or (iv) any condition beyond GW ’s control.
9. Miscellaneous
The marks of any relevant social media sites are the property of their respective companies and the social media sites are not affiliated with GW. Any submission via these or other social media sites are subject to all rules and regulations of such sites. If you choose to submit your Photo Materials using your mobile phone, standard data fees may apply.
This Agreement, including all claims relating to or arising hereof or breach thereof, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise, will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising from, related to, or connected with this Agreement will be resolved by the Courts of England.
You may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.
This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between you and GW with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations, understandings, or agreements not specifically incorporated herein.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
To the fullest extent permissible;
- the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country; and these terms of use are governed by English law.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact us using the contact details set out
here
.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Games Workshop Limited
This page contains the terms and conditions (Terms) on which we supply the products (Products) listed on our website https://warhammer.com (the Website) to you. Please read these Terms carefully before ordering Products from the Website. By ordering any Products from the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms.
You should print a copy of the Terms for future reference.
1 Information About Us
1.1 The Website is a site operated by Games Workshop Limited (we/us/our).
1.2 We are registered in England and Wales with company number 1467092 and with our registered address as Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England.
1.3 Our VAT numbers can be found in condition 13.
2 Your Status
2.1 By placing an order through the Website you warrant that you are old enough to enter into a contract for the purchase of goods or services in the place that you live, and that you are old enough to buy any age restricted items in your order.
3 Formation of the Contract
3.1 Once you have placed an order you will receive an email from us acknowledging receipt of your order. Please note that this does not mean your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to buy Products from us. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email that confirms that the Products have been despatched (
Despatch Confirmation
). The contract between us (
Contract
) will be formed at the earlier of (i) the point when we send you the Despatch Confirmation, or (ii) the point when we despatch the Products to you.
3.2 The Contract will relate only to those Products whose despatch we have confirmed in the Despatch Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the despatch of such Products has been confirmed in a separate Despatch Confirmation.
3.3 We reserve the right to:
3.3.1 decline any order (or part of any order) where the Products are unavailable for any reason;
3.3.2 decline any order (or part of any order) where the Website has contained obvious errors or inaccuracies in relation to the description of a Product or the pricing of a Product (see condition 5.1);
3.3.3 place restrictions on the volume of any Product ordered where the availability of a Product is limited; and
3.3.4 place restrictions on the volume of any Product ordered in accordance with our standard procedures relating to compliance with the laws and regulations in your territory.
4 Ownership of Products
4.1 You will become the owner of the Products when they have been delivered to you.
4.2 Once Products have been delivered to you they will be held at your risk and we will not be liable for their use, loss or destruction.
5 Price and Payment
5.1 The price of any Product will be as quoted on the Website from time to time, except in the circumstances set forth in condition 5.6 and condition 5.7 below. The price for the Products will be confirmed before you complete your order and in the Despatch Confirmation.
5.2 All prices are displayed in the local currency to you, or Pounds Sterling, Euros or US Dollars depending on the location of the delivery address for your order. You will be charged in the currency of the shipping address, or, where we do not accept payment in the currency local to the shipping address, Pounds Sterling, Euros or US Dollars, as displayed to you at the time of your order.
5.3 Prices of Products may change at any time, but changes will not affect orders which you have placed that have been confirmed by the Despatch Confirmation.
5.4 Prices of Products may be subject to certain sales taxes depending on where in the world the order is to be shipped. The prices stated on the Website at the point of checkout will include a calculation of such sales tax. Further details of sales taxes can be found in the 'Taxes and Charges' page of the Customer Services section on the Website. If you are responsible for paying tax and that tax has not been collected by us, it is your responsibility to pay such tax as applicable.
5.5 Prices of Products exclude delivery costs which will be added (if applicable) to the total amount due prior to the point of checkout of your order. Details of delivery charges can be found in the
Shipping Rates
page in the Customer Services section of the Website.
5.6 The Website contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on the Website may be incorrectly priced. Where a Product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when despatching the Products to you. If a Product's correct price is higher than the price stated on the Website, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before despatching the Products, or reject your order under condition 3.3 and notify you of such rejection.
5.7 We are under no obligation to provide Products to you at an incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a Despatch Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
5.8 Payment for all Products must be made using one of the methods made available at the point of checkout.
5.9 Payments are checked with card providers, payment providers, banks and anti-fraud services and will be declined if they do not pass eligibility checks
6 Virtual Gift Vouchers
6.1 As well as purchasing Products through the Website, you can also purchase gift vouchers for yourself or others (Virtual Gift Vouchers).
6.2 Virtual Gift Vouchers must be redeemed by the recipient (Recipient) on the Website towards the purchase of eligible products listed in our online catalogue and sold by us. The Recipient must have an account on the Website to receive and use the Virtual Gift Vouchers. Virtual Gift Vouchers cannot be used to buy digital download products (such as books or audiobooks- see condition 10) sold by our selected partners.
6.3 To redeem a Virtual Gift Voucher, the Recipient must have an active account (or create one if necessary) associated with the email address provided by you. We are not responsible for incorrect or undeliverable email addresses.
6.4 Virtual Gift Vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash and are not transferable or assignable in any way.
6.5 Any unused balance of Virtual Gift Vouchers after placement of an order by the Recipient will be recorded in the Recipient’s account on the Website.
6.6 If any order placed by the Recipient using the Virtual Gift Vouchers exceeds the value of the Virtual Gift Vouchers held by the Recipient, any balance remaining for a purchase must be paid by the Recipient.
6.7 One or more Virtual Gift Vouchers can be redeemed against a single order.
6.8 Virtual Gift Vouchers and any unused balance remaining in the Recipient’s account expire 24 calendar months after the date of purchase of the Virtual Gift Voucher by you.
6.9 Responsibility for the Virtual Gift Voucher passes to the Recipient upon purchase and we are not responsible for Virtual Gift Vouchers which are lost, destroyed or used without the Recipient’s permission.
6.10 All other provisions of these Terms will apply to all purchases made using Virtual Gift Vouchers, as applicable.
7 Delivery
7.1 The Products will be delivered to the address specified in your order and in accordance with the delivery option selected at the point of checkout.
7.2 Please see the
Delivery page
in the Customer Services section on the Website for specific details of despatch and delivery times.
7.3 Whilst we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your order is despatched and delivered on time, please be aware that despatch and delivery times are estimates only, and that time of despatch or delivery is not of the essence of any Contract. Where any Product is manufactured or produced to order by you, an estimated delivery time will be specified at the point of ordering. A more detailed delivery time will then be specified in the Despatch Confirmation. By placing an order for a Product manufactured or produced to order, you acknowledge that delivery may be subject to substantial lead times.
7.4 We may defer the date of despatch or delivery or cancel any Contract, or remove from your order any Products ordered by you (without liability) if we are prevented or delayed in the carrying on of our business, due to events or circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, governmental actions, war or national emergency, acts of terrorism, protests, riot, civil commotion, fire, explosion, extreme weather conditions, flood, epidemic, pandemic, lock-outs, strikes or other labour disputes, fuel shortages, restraints or delays affecting carriers, or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials.
7.5 We will use reasonable endeavours to ship all of your order together in one shipment., apart from Forge World international orders as set out in condition 7.7. However, we reserve the right to ship your order in instalments should some components of your order be unavailable for delivery, or have delayed availability, when you place your order, or if your order is too big to deliver in one shipment. In these circumstances you will be charged a single delivery fee for the whole of your order.
7.6 We will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website displays the correct availability of Products for ordering. To the extent that we are reasonably able to do so, we will identify any limitations on availability (that we are aware of at that time), such as temporarily out of stock Products, in the relevant Product listing page. The provisions of this condition 7.6 are subject at all times to the provisions of condition 3.3.1.
7.7 Forge World Products ordered by customers in Australia and New Zealand will ship from the UK and therefore take longer to arrive than other Website Products. We will split the Forge World Products into a separate delivery. Delivery options will be selectable at the checkout.
8 Cancellations and Returns
8.1 We hope that you will be happy with all Products purchased from the Website, however, if you are not, subject to condition 8.6, you have the right to change your mind and cancel the Contract at any time and for any reason within 14 days, beginning on the day after you receive the Products (Cooling-Off Period). Should you wish to do this, please follow the instructions set out in conditions 8.3 and 8.4, and you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products together with the costs of return as described in condition 8.5.
8.2 If you are outside the 14-day Cooling-Off Period, we may still allow you to cancel the Contract provided
8.2.1 the Product is still in its original packaging”Saleable Condition”, being:,
8.2.1.1 All components included and still on the sprue;
8.2.1.2 Packaging, Product and all parts/components in very good condition;
8.2.1.3 Product is not excluded as set out in condition 8.6; and
8.2.1.4 We have final say in determining whether a return meets these requirements of being in a saleable condition.
8.2.2 the Product is part of the “Current Product Range” (must be on sale on the Website at the point you return it); and
8.2.3 you have retained, and can provide, proof of your original purchase from us;
however, please contact us in order to confirm what options are available to you.
8.3 To cancel the Contract you must send us written notice, to be received by us during the Cooling-Off Period (unless we agree otherwise in accordance with condition 8.2), by email or by post containing your name, address, and product order details ((including your order number, Products ordered, and date of order). Our contact details can be found here. Please note that email is our preferred form of communication, and we will be able to process your cancellation quicker if you notify us by email. You must keep the Products in your possession and take reasonable care of them until they have been returned to us safely.
8.4 Where you have cancelled the Contract in accordance with condition 8.3, you must return the Products to us as soon as possible at your initial cost and risk, in the same condition in which you received them to the returns address specified in the despatch note. Please do this using a registered delivery service to reduce the risk of the Products not reaching us and so that you can provide us with evidence of delivery, if required. If you fail to take reasonable care of the Products before returning the Products to us, or fail to take reasonable care to ensure that we receive the Products and that they are not damaged in transit, we may take action to recover any damages, costs or other expenses which we incur as a result.
8.5 Where you have cancelled the Contract in accordance with condition 8.3, we will process the refund due to you no later than within 14 days of receipt of the relevant Products back from you. We will refund the price of the Product in full, including the original cost of sending the item to you which you have already paid (if applicable), and any reasonable costs incurred in returning the Products to us (unless you are based in the UK, in which case you should use the free-post address specified). We may require you to send us proof of your original purchase together with proof of returning the Products to us before we are able to process your refund. You understand that any delay in providing us with evidence we have requested may delay the processing of your refund.
8.6 You will not have the right to change your mind or cancel the Contract under conditions 8.1 or 8.2 where:
8.6.1 the Products forming the Contract are Downloads (as defined under condition 10) such as audio books, ebooks, magazines or periodicals (on the basis that the Contract has been performed with your consent); and
8.6.2 the Product forming the Contract is made to order or otherwise tailored to your specification.
8.7 If discover a problem with the Products you have ordered (for example, they are defective for any reason), you must send the defective items back to us to the returns address specified in the despatch note. Products returned by you because of a defect under this condition 8.7 (rather than a cancellation under conditions 8.1 or 8.2) will be examined by us. Where evidence of a defect is found we will notify you of your entitlement to (at your option); (i) a replacement Product, or (ii) a refund for the defective Product. Where a refund is requested, we will process the refund due to you (including a refund of any delivery charges paid for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to us upon receipt of proof of postage) as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you that you were entitled to a refund for the defective Product. Replacement Products will only be provided as an option if the Product is still in the Current Product Range. We may replace the whole Product or just the affected defective part of the Product at our option.
8.8 We will usually refund any money received from you by using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
8.9 Save as precluded by law, we will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) howsoever arising out of, or in connection with, any defect with a Product, and we shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the Product in question.
8.10 Nothing in these conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or fraud.
9 Import Duty
9.1 It is possible that your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the Products reach specified destinations. Unless we expressly state otherwise, you will will be responsible for payment of any applicable import duties and taxes or similar. Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount.
10 Electronic Downloads
10.1 When you download an e-book, audio book or any other electronic download Products from this Website (
Download
), we grant to you a personal and non-exclusive licence to use that Download in accordance with this condition 10.
10.2 You may only store Downloads on devices that you own. You may print one copy of any Download provided you retain it for personal use only and do not facilitate its copying or distribution by, or amongst, third parties.
10.3 For the avoidance of doubt, you must not:
10.3.1 provide or share the Download with any individual, company or partnership;
10.3.2 make the Download available on bit-torrent sites or elsewhere on the internet;
10.3.3 distribute copies of any Download (in any format); or
10.3.4 attempt to reverse engineer, bypass, alter, amend, remove or otherwise make any change to any copy protection technology that may be applied to the Download.
10.4 You acknowledge and accept that all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Download shall remain the sole property of Games Workshop or its trading divisions: Black Library or Forge World. You undertake not to make any use of the intellectual property rights in Downloads, otherwise than in accordance with this condition 10, without our prior written permission.
10.5 Should you breach any of the provisions of conditions 10.2 to 10.4 your license to use or store the Download shall automatically terminate and you must permanently delete the Download from any device upon which you have caused it to be stored. You should be aware that any unauthorised use of a Download in breach of conditions 10.2 to 10.4 shall be treated as an infringement of our intellectual property rights and dealt with accordingly.
10.6 To the extent that there is any conflict or contradiction with this condition 10 and any other condition in these Terms this condition 10 shall prevail to the extent that the conflict or confusion relates to Downloads.
10.7 Some Downloads are available for purchase through this Website, but the Download itself will be available for download (Electronic Delivery) through selected third parties. In this circumstance, we shall direct you to the third party’s website for Electronic Delivery of the Download. We will provide you with appropriate means (a unique code or similar) to the complete the Electronic Delivery of the Download via the third party’s website. Where you receive Electronic Delivery of a Download through a third party website, the terms and conditions of the third party website shall apply to such Electronic Delivery.
11 General
11.1 Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using the Website, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on the Website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
11.2 All notices from you to us must be in writing and sent by email, registered post or airmail. Our contact details can be found
here
. All notices from us to you will be displayed on the Website from time to time or sent by email, registered post or airmail to any address provided by you to us. Notices will be deemed received immediately when posted on the website, 24 hours after an email is sent, 3 business days after the date of posting of any letter by registered post, and 10 business days after the date of posting if sent by airmail.. If a notice is deemed to have been received after 4.00 pm (local time of the recipient) on a business day, or on any day which is not a business day, it shall be deemed to have been received at 9.00 am (local time of the recipient) on the next business day.
11.3 The Contract is binding on you. You may not transfer, assign or otherwise deal with or any of your rights or obligations arising under the Contract.
11.4 If any of these Terms or any provisions of a Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
11.5 These Terms, together with our
Privacy Notice
and
Terms of Website Use
, and any other document expressly referred to in these documents, constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us, relating to the subject matter of any Contract. We each acknowledge that, in entering into a Contract, neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty of any person (whether a party to that Contract or not) other than as expressly set out in these documents. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
11.6 Failure or delay by us in enforcing or partially enforcing any provision of a Contract shall not be construed as a waiver of any of our rights under the Contract. Any waiver by us of any breach of, or default under, any provision of a Contract by you shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default and shall in no way affect the other terms of the Contract.
11.7 We have the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time. The latest version of these Terms will be available on the Website. You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you order Products from us.
11.8 No term of any Contract shall be enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person who is not a party to the Contract.
11.9 To the fullest extent permissible, any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with a Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
11.10 Many of our products have associated rules and points values for using them in playing games. Please note that these associated rules and points values are subject to change.
12 Complaints Policy
12.1 We are committed to providing a quality service to you and value your views, opinions and feedback on any Products which have been supplied to you or the service which we have provided to you. If we have not performed any of our duties to a satisfactory standard please contact us and we shall endeavour to put right any problems.
12.2 If your complaint relates to the quality of a Product please refer to condition 8. For any other complaints, queries, or to provide us with feedback, please contact us
here
. We shall endeavour to contact you within five business days of receiving your email and shall work closely with you in trying to resolve any problems fairly and quickly and to ensure that both our Products and the services which we have provided to you are to your satisfaction.
13 VAT Numbers
Austria: ATU 65067009
Belgium: BE 0897973639
Bulgaria: GB 580 8534 21
Croatia: GB 580 8534 21
Cyprus: GB 580 8534 21
Czech Republic: GB 580 8534 21
Denmark: DK 20341505
Estonia: GB 580 8534 21
Finland: FI 17237135
France: FR 23438863441
Germany: DE 191461167
Greece: GB 580 8534 21
Hungary: GB 580 8534 21
Ireland: IE 6602304E
Italy: IT 00115749996
Latvia: GB 580 8534 21
Lithuania: GB 580 8534 21
Luxembourg: GB 580 8534 21
Malta: GB 580 8534 21
Netherlands: NL 806157495B01
Poland: PL 1080011028
Portugal: GB 580 8534 21
Romania: GB 580 8534 21
Slovakia: GB 580 8534 21
Slovenia: GB 580 8534 21
Spain: ES N00686511
Sweden: SE 502050782701
Switzerland GB 580853421
UK: GB 580 8534 21
VAT Numbers Last updated: 18 November 2024
White Dwarf Privacy Notice
Games Workshop is committed to protecting your privacy. This notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you. This notice applies to personal information that we collect in connection with our White Dwarf magazine.
The data controller of your personal information is Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom.
The Games Workshop EU Representative for all Data Protection purposes is Games
Workshop Limited - Irish branch, Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland.
Please read this notice carefully to understand how and why we are using your personal information.
1 The kind of information we may hold about you
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of your personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, email address and telephone number.
Date of birth.
Subscriber number.
Bank account and payment information.
Information contained within correspondence which you send to us.
Photographs which you send to us.
Information submitted as part of a competition.
- Record of correspondence with you whether in writing or by telephone, email, social media or otherwise.
2 How is your personal information collected?
We collect information that you provide voluntarily. This may be in connection with a subscription for White Dwarf, the submission by you of letters, ideas or other material to us, or to submit enquiries to us.  The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
3 Why do we collect your personal information?
The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below:
To use material submitted by you for the purposes of producing content for publication within White Dwarf, and across our websites and social media channels or newsletters.
To communicate and interact with our readers.
To take subscriptions for White Dwarf, and satisfy our obligations in respect of any magazine subscriptions.
To manage our subscription database.
To handle any customer service queries in respect of subscriptions.
To operate competitions, communicate with entrants, and publish details of winners.
To interact with you and handle and respond to communications with you.
To handle any disputes which we may have with you.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, such as: (i) for the purpose of performing a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or iii) where we have your consent to do so.
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be for our legitimate commercial interest, for maintaining good reader relations, and dispute resolution.  We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us (section 13).
4 What if you fail to provide personal information?
If you fail to provide certain information when requested we may not be able to perform any contract we have entered into with you.
5 What if we want to use your information for a different purpose?
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
6 How secure is your information?
We have put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used, accessed, altered or disclosed. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and include:
- Site access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to premises, buildings and rooms where your information is being processed.
- IT access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to your information stored electronically within our IT systems.
- IT security controls – use of appropriate technology and security measures to ensure secure storage of your information.
- Policies & procedures – comprehensive data protection and IT security policies and procedures setting out the way in which your information must be handled by staff.
- Training – delivery of ongoing data protection and IT security training to all staff handling your information.
7 Who might we share your information with?
We may share your personal information in the situations detailed below:
1. Service providers
We share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us. The following activities all involve the processing of personal information and are carried out by third party service providers: mailing and distribution services, database and mailing list management services,digital publication and distribution services, hosting and maintenance of social media platforms, document and information collaboration and sharing, IT services, printing services, translation services. Further details in respect of our third party service providers are available on request. Please contact us (section 13) for further information.
All service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. We do not allow third party service providers to use your information for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
2. Games Workshop group
We may share your personal information with other entities in our group of companies as part of regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of business reorganisation or group restructuring, or for system maintenance support.
3. Sale or restructure
We may share your personal information in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this notice.
4. Law, legal rights and vital interests
We may also need to share your information with a law enforcement body, regulator, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any person.
5. Consent
We may share your personal information where you have specifically consented to such disclosure.
8 Do you transfer my information outside of the European Union?
We may transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). For example, our IT service providers operate around the world. We will only transfer your personal information outside the EEA if adequate protection measures are in place. To ensure that your personal information does receive an adequate level of protection outside the EEA we use the following protection measures:
Transferring to countries approved by the European Commission
Using model contractual clauses approved by the European Commission
Requiring companies we transfer information to in the United States to be signed up to the EU/US Privacy Shield Framework
Further details in respect of protective measures used outside of the EEA are available on request. Please contact us (section 13) for further information.
9 How long do we keep hold of your information?
We only retain your information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which it has been processed, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
10 What are your rights in connection with your personal information?
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Request correction of any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of information where there is no good reason for continued processing.
Object to processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your information.
Where we are processing your information for a particular purpose based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Request restriction to suspend our processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information to another party which you have provided to us.
Opt out of marketing communications which we send you at any time.
If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact us (section 13).
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise any of your rights, however we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
Please note that we may need to request information from you to confirm your identity and establish your entitlement to these rights.
If you are not satisfied with our processing of your personal information, you also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority. Please see here for the relevant contact details.
11 What we ask of you?
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please contact us (section 13) immediately and inform us of any changes to the personal information which we hold about you.
If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that you have informed them of our identity, the purposes for which their personal data will be processed, and that you have obtained their permission to such processing by us.
12 Change to this privacy notice
We may update this notice from time to time. When we update this notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes. We will obtain your consent to any material changes if and where this is required by law.
You can see when this notice was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this notice.
13 Contact us
This notice is overseen by the Data Protection Manager of the Games Workshop group. If you have any questions, complaints or requests please make contact with our Data Protection Manager by email:
privacy@gwplc.com
.
Legal
Intellectual Property Guidelines
Copyright and Legal Information
Taxes and Charges
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush - Safety Recall Instructions
Warhammer-Alliance Packs: Conditions of Sale
Conformity and Safety
Intellectual Property Guidelines
Warhammer: Beyond the tabletop
Games Workshop has been designing and selling miniatures and games for over 40 years. Our design studios have worked hard to create the unique settings and characters that are enjoyed by our fans all over the world.
We love to see fans enjoying all things Warhammer. We also have a duty to preserve and protect our intellectual property rights – this is the only way we can ensure that Warhammer will be around forever. Our goal is to do this while continuing to support the passion and creativity of our fans. We will level with you – this is a difficult balancing act.
So, whatever exciting Warhammer hobby activities you are working on, we ask that you follow the below guidelines at all times. By doing so, we can all continue to enjoy all things Warhammer for a long time to come.
These guidelines do not constitute formal approval or authorization of any fan content, or a waiver of our legal rights. We reserve the right to change these guidelines at any time.
Fan-fiction, hobby books and magazines
Individuals may write their own stories, hobby books and magazines based on our characters and settings, but these must:
not include text, artwork or imagery copied from any official Games Workshop material
be non-commercial, with no money being received or paid. This includes all forms of fundraising activity, and generation of any advertising revenue
not be publicly distributed, except for no-charge digital distribution
make it clear that they are unofficial, without using any Games Workshop logos, and include the word ‘unofficial’ prominently on the front cover
not be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation or integrity of Games Workshop or its intellectual property
Fan-artwork
Individuals may create their own artwork, drawings and designs, based on our characters and settings, but these must:
not include artwork or imagery copied from any official Games Workshop material
be non-commercial, with no money being received or paid. This includes all forms of fundraising activity, and generation of any advertising revenue
not be publicly distributed, except for no-charge digital distribution
make it clear that they are unofficial, without using any Games Workshop logos
not be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation or integrity of Games Workshop or its intellectual property
Fan-sites
Individuals may create their own fan sites based on our characters and settings, but these must:
not include text, artwork, imagery, footage or animation copied from any official Games Workshop material
make it clear that they are unofficial, without using any Games Workshop logos
not post or display rules or stats copied from from any official Games Workshop material
not be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation or integrity of Games Workshop or its intellectual property
Underlying rights
Please be aware that where fan content is created based on our settings and characters, Games Workshop retains ownership in respect of the underlying intellectual property rights in those worlds, and therefore such fan content cannot be sold or otherwise monetised.
Infringements
We have a zero tolerance policy in respect of infringement of our intellectual property rights.
This includes:
Counterfeit models -
our products must not be reproduced and sold.
Imitation models -
our products must not be imitated. Imitators produce models which copy heavily from Games Workshop’s artwork, books or products.
Recasting and 3D printing
- our products must not be illegally re-cast or scanned, nor should digital designs of our products be illegally produced and distributed.
Illegal downloads -
our publications, audio books, and other material protected by copyright must not be illegally uploaded, shared, or distributed in any format.
Unauthorised use of our trademarks -
unauthorised use or registration of our trademarks in respect of similar products or services is not permitted.
Fan-films and animations –
individuals must not create fan films or animations based on our settings and characters. These are only to be created under licence from Games Workshop.
Games and apps –
individuals must not create computer games or apps based on our characters and settings. These are only to be created under licence from Games Workshop.
Reporting your concerns
There’s a lot of stuff out there in the world. If you see anything that you’re worried about or think that we should know about then drop us an email at
infringements@gwplc.com
. Please provide as much detail as possible and include links to the infringing material. We appreciate your support.
Copyright and Legal Information
The exclusive copyright in the contents of this website (except for the copyrighted property of our licensors) is the property of Games Workshop Limited. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2008-2024.
Any unauthorised copying of the images or other copyrighted material on this website will constitute an infringement of copyright.
GW, Games Workshop, Citadel, Black Library, Forge World, Warhammer, Warhammer 40,000, the ‘Aquila’ Double-headed Eagle logo, Space Marine, 40K, 40,000, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, Warhammer: The Horus Heresy, the 'winged-hammer' Warhammer logo, White Dwarf, Blood Bowl, Necromunda, Space Hulk, Battlefleet Gothic, Mordheim, Inquisitor, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. All Rights Reserved.
The following apply in respect of the property of our licensors featured on this website:
© New Line Productions, Inc. All rights reserved. MIDDLE-EARTH, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE TWO TOWERS, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are trademarks of Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC under license to New Line Productions, Inc. (S24)

© Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved. THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY, THE HOBBIT: THE DESOLATION OF SMAUG, THE HOBBIT: THE BATTLE OF THE FIVE ARMIES, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE WAR OF THE ROHIRRIM and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are trademarks of Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC under license to New Line Productions, Inc. (s24)

Middle-earth, The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings and the names of the characters, places, items and events therein, are trademarks of Middle-earth Enterprises, LLC used under license by Games Workshop. All rights reserved. (S24)

 If you have any queries, please contact the GW legal department at:
Games Workshop Group PLC
Willow Road, Lenton,
Nottingham
NG7 2WS
UK
Taxes and Charges
Taxes that apply to your purchase
Games Workshop is an international business and has to comply with tax legislation in all the territories in which it trades. The taxes that apply to you transaction are determined by the destination to which the goods are being shipped (see also the note below on web store pricing).
US Shipments
If you are shipping your goods to the US then Games Workshop will charge sales and usage tax in the States where it has retail stores and where it is otherwise required. In other States, no sales or usage tax will be charged.
As you proceed through the checkout this will be recalculated in accordance with the relevant State regulations.
Canadian Shipments
The appropriate taxes will be calculated on all goods shipped to Canada dependent on the province to which the goods are shipped. As you proceed through the checkout this will be recalculated in accordance with the Provincial regulations.
EU Shipments
For goods sent to the EU, Value Added Tax (VAT) will be added to the tax exclusive price of the goods in accordance with the rates that apply for each EU country.
Australian Shipments
Australian GST is applied to all goods shipped to Australia.
Norwegian Shipments
Norwegian VAT is applied to all goods shipped to Norway.
Rest of World shipments
No taxes are raised on goods being shipped to the rest of the world. Please note that Games Workshop is not responsible for any import duties or charges that may be levied under local legislation in the destination country.
Digital Sales
Where you have purchased a digital product, in most countries tax will be dealt with in the same manner as physical goods, as described above.
However, if you are based within the EU, if you are purchasing digital products, Games Workshop files a Mini One Stop Shop (MOSS) VAT return. This means that VAT applied on your purchase will be based on the rates due in the place that you are located.
For Rest of World countries that require taxes on digital sales without us having a tax registration for physical goods, taxes charges will not necessarily be visible but we do declare those sales to ensure taxes are paid.
Web Store Prices
Games Workshop prices are quoted on its web stores in accordance with the requirements in the country of the web store. These are as follows:
US and Canadian Web Stores
All prices are quoted exclusive of any taxes. If any sales taxes apply to an order these will be an additional charge. These are determined by the destination to which the goods are sent (see taxes that apply to your purchase).
European, Norwegian and Australian Web Stores
All prices are quoted inclusive of the VAT or GST that applies in the country of the web store (e.g. the French web store prices include French TVA).
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush - Safety Recall Instructions
To download a copy of the recall notice please click on the relevant link below:

-
English
-
Français
-
Deutsch
-
Italiano
-
Español
-
Nederlands
-
Dansk
-
Svenska
-
Norsk
-
Polskie
-
日本
If you purchased
KOYO: Bounca The Squig Limited Edition Plush
, and it matches the item shown above, it is subject to recall in the UK, Europe, Japan, Australia and Canada. In cooperation with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, it has also been recalled in the U.S. as of February 2, 2022.
All
KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
with the code
“
PRODUCTION 0721D BATCH #001
” on the sewn in label are affected.
Pom-poms may become detached from the toy and present a choking hazard to young children.
We recommend that you:
Stop using the product immediately
Keep the product away from children.
You should then:
Return the item to any Games Workshop or Warhammer store for a full refund; or
Follow the steps below to destroy the product and request a refund. You must destroy and dispose of the product to remove any risk of the product presenting a hazard in future.
Distance Refund for KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
Please follow the instructions below, provide the requested information, and we’ll make sure you receive a refund for the full retail value of the product.
If you choose to be refunded using a virtual voucher, the refund will be rounded up to the nearest whole number.
1. Cut off all product labels. There are two labels on the product – a card label with the barcode and a fabric label sewn onto the squig’s tail. Don’t worry if you have already disposed of the card label.
2. Cut off the tail of the squig using scissors as per the example below.
3. Place the labels, and product next to a piece of paper with your post code / zip code.
4. Take a photograph clearly showing the labels, product and your post code / zip code.
5. Complete
this recall form
.
Alternatively,
click here to download a printable version of the form
, include a printed copy of the photography and post it to:
UK/Europe/ROW Customers: Customer Services (RECALL), Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS
How to destroy and dispose of KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
For added safety it’s best to make sure
KOYO: Bounca the Squig Limited Edition Plush
is destroyed in such a way that a child won’t pick it up and play with it.
We recommend:
1. Cutting off the tail of the squig using scissors as per the example below.
2. Disposing of it in accordance with local waste disposal standards.
Please contact customer services in your local area if you have any questions regarding the recall process:
UK: 0115 9140000
Austria: +49 211 38769276
Brussels/Antwerp: 02 223 06 61 / 03 485 86 27
Copenhagen: 33 12 22 17
Helsinki: 09 7515 4525
France: 04 88 80 71 99
Germany: 211 38769276
Ireland: 01 872 5791
Italy: 0699313110
Netherlands: 020 623 28 00
Norway: 22 33 29 90
Spain: 93 524 07 62
Sweden: 031 13 39 58
US: 1800 394 4263
Canada: 1800 394 4263
Australia: 03 9870 2239
New Zealand: 644 471 0987
Japan: 03 4520 8031
Poland: 22 222 0133
Warhammer-Alliance Packs: Conditions of Sale
1. This page contains the terms and conditions (
Terms
) under which Games Workshop Limited (
GW
) will supply you with a Warhammer-Alliance Pack (
Products
). By submitting an application to receive the Products (
Application
), you agree to be bound by these Terms and you warrant that you are applying on behalf of a qualifying institution.
2. Once submitted, GW will review your Application and contact you to confirm the details provided. Please note that Applications are not automatically accepted, and GW will not despatch any Products until it has confirmed your Application has been accepted. GW reserves the right to reject your Application for any reason.
3. If your Application is accepted, GW will despatch the Products to the address specified in the Application. Whilst GW will take reasonable steps to ensure all Products are despatched and delivered within any timeframes provided, any despatch and delivery times are estimates only. GW may defer the date of despatch or delivery for any reason, and will not be liable for any delays in despatch or delivery.
4. GW provides no warranties in relation to the Products (including, without limitation, warranties relating to the quality or fitness for purpose of the Products). However, if for any reason, you are unhappy with the Products, please contact GW using the contact details set out in
clause 12
.
5. Subject to
clause 6
, you will become the owner of the Products once they have been delivered to you. Once the Products have been delivered to you, they will be held at your risk and GW will not be liable for their use, loss or destruction.
6. The Products are not for resale and you warrant that:
6.1. you will not alter, divide nor breakdown the Products into their component parts;
6.2. you will not sell, distribute, give-away or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any third party (whether a person or entity) in whole or in part.
7. In the event that you, your employees, subcontractors or agents are in breach, or GW reasonably suspects that you, your employees, subcontractors or agents are in breach, of the warranties contained in
clause 6 (Breach)
:
7.1. you will not alter, divide nor breakdown the Products into their component parts;
7.2. you will not sell, distribute, give-away or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any third party (whether a person or entity) in whole or in part.
7.3. you will not sell, distribute, give-away or otherwise transfer any of the Products to any third party (whether a person or entity) in whole or in part.
8. Subject to
clause 9
, GW will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential losses, damages or expenses (including, without limitation, loss of profit, loss of goodwill or loss of reputation) arising from or in connection with the Products or these Terms, and GW shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation except as required by law.
9. Nothing in these Terms is intended to limit any rights you might have under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded, nor in any way to exclude or limit GW’s liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from GW’s negligence or fraud.
10. These Terms, together with GW’s
privacy notice
, constitute the whole agreement between you and GW relating to the Products and the Warhammer-Alliance program, and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between you and GW relating to the Products and the Warhammer-Alliance program. Both you and GW acknowledge that, in entering into these Terms, neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty other than as expressly set out in these Terms.
11. GW has the right to amend and revise these Terms from time to time. The latest version of these Terms will be available on the Warhammer-Alliance website.
12. Notices from you to GW must be in writing and sent by email or registered post. Contact details for GW can be found
here
. Notices from GW to you will be sent to the email or postal address provided with your Application. Notices sent by email will be deemed received upon at 9:00AM GMT on the next working day following transmission, and notices sent by registered post will be deemed received on the third working day from and excluding the day of posting.
13. These Terms are binding on you, and you cannot transfer, assign or otherwise deal with any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without the prior consent of GW.
14. Any dispute or claim arising from or in connection with these Terms or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Conformity and Safety
Warhammer products are manufactured by Games Workshop Limited, Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, UK, Represented by
Games Workshop Limited - Irish branch, Unit 3, Lower Liffey  Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland
.
My Warhammer Terms and Conditions
Welcome to My Warhammer
General My Warhammer Terms
My Warhammer Terms of Use
My Warhammer Subscriptions Service Terms
My Warhammer Beta Service Terms
Welcome to My Warhammer
This page contains the terms and conditions on which we make available the My Warhammer service (Service) to you, as available on
our website
(
the Website
), and such other websites, applications or other platforms that we choose to make available from time to time, including the 'Warhammer 40,000: The App’ software application owned by us and licensed to you (
the App
) (collectively, the
Platforms
and each a
Platform
).
Please read the following documents (collectively,
the Terms
) carefully before you start using the Service:
1.
General My Warhammer Terms
, which set out the terms which apply generally to your use of the Service and the opening of a user account;
2.
Terms of Use
, which set out specific terms which apply to your use of the Website and the App; and
3.
Subscription Service Terms
, which apply if you sign up for a paid subscription through the Service in order to access additional content and functionality (
Subscription Service
) (which, together with the above terms, form the contract between you and us for your paid subscription).
4.
Beta Service Terms
, which set out the additional terms which apply if you are accessing the Subscription Service through the free-trial Beta Service.
If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Service. You should save a copy of these Terms for future reference. By using the Service, you confirm that you have read and accept these Terms, and agree to be bound by them.
Please also read our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Notice
to learn more about how we handle your personal data and the way in which we use cookies.
General My Warhammer Terms
General My Warhammer Terms
1. About us
1.1. The Service is operated by Games Workshop Limited (we/us/our). We are registered in England and Wales with company number 1467092, and our registered address at Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England.
2. User Accounts
2.1. In order to use the Service (references to which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subscription Service), you must first create a My Warhammer user account (Account) on our Website by following the online instructions.
2.2. To access and view content through the Service, you must have internet access and be at least 13 years old (or older if you live in certain places). If you are under 13 years old (or are not old enough to give your legal consent to use online services in the place that you live), you must have first obtained the consent of your parent or legal guardian to sign up for an Account and use the Service. Please note that we are unable to provide access to the Service in particular countries due to legal restrictions. For more information about our Service availability or minimum age requirements, please
contact us
.
2.3. We require your date of birth and the email address of your parent or legal guardian if you are under the digital age of consent in the place that you live in order to verify that you have met our minimum age requirements.
3. Changes to the Service
3.1. We reserve the right to update or change these Terms or any element of the Service from time to time. The circumstances in which we make changes may include, for example and without limitation, to comply with applicable laws, to provide you with additional information about the Service, to improve or update the content available on the Service, or for safety or security reasons.
3.2. We reserve the right to suspend your access to the Service temporarily to deal with any technical problems, make minor technical changes or upgrade the Service.
4. You must keep your Account details safe
4.1. If you have a My Warhammer Account with us, this should belong to and only be accessible by you. This means that you must ensure that no-one else, including for example other members of your household, has your permission to access or use your Account and that you exercise reasonable care to ensure that any unauthorised access or use does not take place.
4.2. Each Account is available to one natural person only and must not under any circumstances be registered or operated automatically by a computer program or otherwise.
4.3. If you choose, or you are provided with, a password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
4.4. We have the right to disable any Account or user password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms or any of our policies.
4.5. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account and must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your Account as soon as you become aware of it.
5. Your use of the Service
5.1. You agree not to use or provide any false, incomplete or misleading information in the registration process. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us. We shall not be under any obligation to open an Account and reserve the right to refuse to provide the Service to any person at any time.
5.2. You must not use the Service in a way that violates any applicable laws or regulations, these Terms, or any other policy or terms that we communicate on our Website, through the App or on any other Platform from time to time. We reserve the right to refuse to make the Service available to any person, terminate the Account of any user, or change the eligibility requirements at any time, with or without notice.
6. Limitations to the Service
6.1. The Service is provided for general information and entertainment purposes only and is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Nothing contained on our Website, on the App or on any other Platform constitutes advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of information obtained from the Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information provided, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that such information is accurate, complete or up to date.
7. Proprietary rights
7.1. You acknowledge that, as between you and us, all intellectual property rights (meaning copyright, design rights, trade marks, patents, rights in any inventions and any and all other rights of a similar kind) and rights of ownership in the Website, the App, the Documentation (as defined herein) and the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, throughout the world shall belong to us, and that you shall not acquire any rights in, or to, the Website, the App, the Documentation or the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us (or any element thereof), other than the right to use the Service in accordance with these Terms.
7.2. You must not use any part of the content on the Website, the App or any other Platform through which the Service is available (except any content that you have generated) for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from the owner of that content.
7.3. You acknowledge that your use of the Service is subject always to your complying with any instructions of use issued by us from time to time.
8. Complaints policy
8.1. We are committed to providing a quality service to you and value your views, opinions and feedback on any products which have been supplied to you or the Service which we have provided to you.
8.2. If you believe that we have not performed any of our duties to a satisfactory standard please
contact us
and we shall endeavour to put right any problems. We shall endeavour to contact you within five working days of receiving your email and shall work closely with you in trying to resolve any problems fairly and quickly and to ensure that both our products and the Service which we have provided to you are to your satisfaction.
9. Our liability
9.1. We will not be liable for any delays or failure in the performance of any part of the Service due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you assume full responsibility for any loss that results from your use of the Website, the App, any other Platform, and the Service. We are not responsible for the behaviour of any advertisers, linked websites or other users. We exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms implied by law that may apply to our Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service, or any content on it.
9.2. Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for any other liability which may not be limited or excluded by law. For the avoidance of doubt, any rights you have as a consumer under applicable local law or other legal rights to which you may be entitled as a consumer are unaffected.
9.3. We only supply the Service for domestic and private use. If you use the Service for any other purpose (including commercial, business or re-sale) we will have no liability to you for any indirect or consequential loss, loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity or goodwill. In any event, our total liability for any claims made under these Terms in any given month will be no more than what you paid us for the Service (if any) in the month prior to any such claim being made.
9.4. We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, however it arises and, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
your use of, or inability to use, the Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service;
your use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Website, the App, any other Platform or the Service;
any use of the Service which is not authorised by us;
incompatibility of the Service with any other software or hardware (including any of your devices);
any act or omission of any third party platform, service provider, supplier, device manufacturer or provider of a device operating system which is beyond our reasonable control; or
errors, viruses or bugs present in or arising from your use of the Service.
9.5. The exclusions of liability in this section apply to the fullest extent permissible by law.
9.6. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542.
9.7. In addition, please note that disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the
European Commission Online Dispute Resolution
platform.
10. General
10.1. Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using the Service, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on the Website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. The expression ‘writing’ or ‘written’ includes emails.
10.2. All notices from you to us must be in writing and sent by email, registered post or airmail. Our contact details can be found
here
. All notices from us to you will be displayed on the Website from time to time or sent by email, registered post or airmail to any address provided by you to us. Notices will be deemed received immediately when posted on the Website, 24 hours after an email is sent, 3 working days (a working day being any day on which banks in London are normally open for business) after the date of posting of any letter by registered post, and 10 working days after the date of posting if sent by airmail. If a notice is deemed to have been received after 4.00pm on any working day, or on any day which is not a working day, it shall be deemed to have been received at 9.00am on the next working day.
10.3. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another person or organisation and will let you know by email if we plan to do this. You may not transfer any of your rights under these Terms or your Account (including, for the avoidance of doubt, your right to use the App or the Service, or any other Platform on which the Service is made available) to any other user or entity unless we agree in writing.
10.4. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any section of these Terms is not enforceable, then that section will be removed or edited as little as necessary and the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
10.5. These Terms, and any other document expressly referred to in these documents, constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us, relating to its subject matter. We each acknowledge that, in our provision of and your use of the Service, neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty of any person other than as expressly set out in these documents. Nothing in this section shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
10.6. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of any breach by you of these Terms, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
10.7. We have the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time. The latest version of these Terms will be available on the Website. You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you use the Service.
10.8. The Contract is between you and us and no other person shall have rights to enforce any of its terms.
10.9. These Terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Service in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Service in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Service in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
My Warhammer Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1. These Terms of Use
1.1. By using our Website or downloading the App, or by using or downloading any other Platform, you accept and agree to abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the Website, the App or any other Platform or means to access the Service.
1.2. If you sign up for an Account or purchase a Subscription Service, our
General My Warhammer Terms
and
Subscription Service Terms
will also apply. Where you have purchased a Subscription Service, any reference to the ‘Service’ in these Terms of Use shall also be a reference to the Subscription Service.
1.3. You must be at least 13 years old (or older, if the place that you live requires this by law) to accept these Terms of Use and download the App or otherwise use the Service through any other Platform. For more information about our minimum age requirements, please
contact us
.
2. Our right to make changes
2.1. We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Use and any of our other Terms from time to time. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make. Some of the provisions contained within our Terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our Website or as otherwise notified to you. Your continued use of the Website, the App or other relevant Platform (as the case may be) constitutes your acceptance of any changes.
2.2. From time to time we may automatically update the Website, the App or relevant Platform, and change the Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system or address security issues. We may also ask you to update the App for these reasons. If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using the App or the Service.
3. Availability and back-ups
3.1. We do not guarantee that our Website, the App or any other Platform we make available, or any content on it, will always be available or that your ability to use it will be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw, update or make changes, or restrict the availability of or access to all or any part of our Website, the App or any other Platform we make available for business or operational reasons. We will not be liable if for any reason our Website, the App or any other Platform is unavailable at any time or for any period.
3.2. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Service.
3.3. You must back up any content and data used in connection with the Service (in particular, the App), to protect yourself in case of problems. If you delete the App, this will automatically delete all content and data stored by you within the App.
4. Licence to use the App
4.1. If you download the App, we, Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, license you to use:
the ‘Warhammer 40,000: The App' mobile application software, the related documentation (Documentation), the data supplied with the software, and any updates or supplements to it; and
the service you connect to via the App and the content we provide to you through it.
4.2. In return for you agreeing to comply with these Terms of Use and subject to any restrictions contained within these Terms of Use or otherwise communicated to you, you may:
download a copy of the App and view, use and display the App and the Service on such devices for your personal purposes only;
use the Documentation to support your permitted use of the App and the Service; and
receive and use any free supplementary software code or update of the App incorporating ‘patches’ and corrections of errors as we may provide to you.
4.3. In using the App, you expressly acknowledge and agree that you will:
except in the course of permitted sharing, not rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide, or otherwise make available, the App, the Documentation or the Service in any form, in whole or in part to any person without prior written consent from us;
not copy the App, Documentation or Service, except as part of the normal use of the App or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
not translate, merge, adapt, vary, alter or modify, the whole or any part of the App, Documentation or Service nor permit the App or the Service or any part of them to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs, except as necessary to use the App and the Service on such devices as permitted in these terms;
not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the App or the Service nor attempt to do any such things; and
comply with all applicable technology control or export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the App or any Service.
5. Acceptable use
5.1. You may use the App, the Website, and the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, for lawful purposes only. You must not use the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
for the purpose of stalking, harming, harassing or abusing, or attempting to stalk, harm, harass or abuse any person in any way;
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation;
knowingly to transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed adversely to affect the operation of any computer software or hardware; or
in any way which is defamatory, obscene, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, likely to deceive any person, or which infringes the rights of any third party.
5.2. In particular, you must not:
use the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us in any manner inconsistent with these Terms, or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, or any operating system;
infringe our intellectual property rights or those of any third party in relation to your use of the App, the Website, any Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us (to the extent that such use is not licensed by these Terms);
use the App, the Website, the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users, for instance through a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; or
collect or harvest any information or data from the Service or our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service.
5.3. You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, or copy any part of our Website, the Documentation, the App, the relevant Platform, or the Service without our express permission.
Not to provide information that is inaccurate, fictional or misleading.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of the Service;
any equipment or network on which the Service is hosted or stored;
any software used in the provision of the Service; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
5.4. If you download or stream the App, or access the Website on any phone or other device or Platform not owned by you, you must have the owner's permission to do so. You will be responsible for complying with these Terms, whether or not you own the phone or other device or Platform.
6. We may collect technical data about your device
6.1. By using the App, the Website or the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, you agree to us collecting and using technical information about the devices you use and related software, hardware and peripherals to improve our products and to provide any Service to you. Please also read our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Notice
to learn more about how we handle your personal data and the way in which we use cookies.
7. We may end your rights to use the Service if you break these terms
7.1. If, in our opinion, any of these Terms have been breached, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, which may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your rights to use restricted parts of our Website, the App or relevant Platform, which we may do so at any time by contacting you.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs, liabilities and losses on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. You hereby agree to indemnify us in this respect.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
7.2. If we end your rights to use the App:
You must stop all activities authorised by these Terms, including your use of the App and the Service.
You must delete or remove the App from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the Documentation which you have and confirm to us that you have done this.
We may remotely access your devices and remove the App from them and cease providing you with access to the Service.
7.3. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we exclude liability for any actions taken in response to actual or potential breaches of these Terms. The responses set out above are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
8. Additional terms may also apply
8.1. The ways in which you can use the App and Documentation may also be controlled by the relevant app-store’s rules and policies through which you have downloaded or purchased the App. Please ensure that you have read, understood and accepted any applicable rules and policies before downloading and using the App and any Documentation.
8.2. If you have downloaded the App from the Apple iTunes App Store, the following additional terms apply:
i. You acknowledge that the licence we grant you to use the App in accordance with these Terms of Use (Licence Agreement) is between you and us only, and not with Apple.
ii. Your use of the App is limited to a non-transferable licence to use the App on any Apple-branded products that you own or control and as permitted by the usage rules set out in the App Store Terms of Service.
iii. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
iv. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund you the purchase price for the App. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty set out in this Licence Agreement will be our responsibility.
v. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any of your claims (or any third party claims) relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) any third party claims of intellectual property right infringement, (ii) product liability claims, (iii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (iv) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy or similar legislation.
vi. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, we, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
vii. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that you have been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country (i.e. on Title 15, Part 740 Supplement 1 Country Group E of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations); and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
viii. You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App, e.g., if you have a VoIP application, then you must not be in violation of their wireless data service agreement when using the App.
ix. You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Licence Agreement with respect to the App, and that Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Licence Agreement against you in respect of the App as a third party beneficiary thereof.
9. Intellectual property rights
9.1. Unless otherwise stated, we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Website, the App, the Documentation and the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, and in the material published and content available on it. Those works are protected by trademark and copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You have no intellectual property rights in, or to, the App, the Documentation or the Service, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, other than the right to use them in accordance with these Terms.
9.2. The trade marks depicted on our Website and the App (and any other Platform) are owned by us or our licensors.
9.3. All materials made available, including but not limited to images, artwork, text, audio clips, and video clips, are, unless otherwise stated, owned and controlled by us and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or unauthorised use of the materials for any purpose is a violation of our legal rights. The unauthorised posting of any of our intellectual property, including any images of our products or other artwork on any other website is strictly prohibited.
10. Rules about linking to our Website
10.1. You may link to our Website, or any page within it for personal (non-commercial) reasons, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
10.2. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Use.
10.3. If you wish to make any use of material on our Website other than as set out above, please address your request to us using the contact details set out
here
.
11. Links from our Website
11.1. Where our Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have not reviewed all of these sites and we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. We do not endorse or make any representation about them and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
12. Disclaimer
12.1. We do not warrant that the Website or the App, or any other Platform through which the Service is made available by us, it’s content, or the server that makes it available are or will be error or virus free, or that the Service will be fit for a particular purpose or meet your requirements. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
12.2. Nothing in these Terms of Use affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. In such cases, our liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
13. Developer Name and Address
13.1. The developer of the App is Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG7 2WS, England. If you have any questions or complaints relating to the App, please visit the
contact us
section of our webpage.
My Warhammer Subscriptions Service Terms
Subscription Service Terms
1. Your subscription
1.1. Once you have registered your Account, you will be able to purchase a subscription to access the Subscription Service by following the instructions set out in the ‘Subscriptions’ section of the Website.
1.2. When we first make the Subscription Service available to you following your completion of the online process or send you an email confirming that your subscription is active (whichever is the earlier), this is when the contact between you and us for the provision of the Subscription Service (Contract) shall come into force (Commencement Date). Your access to the Subscription Service will continue until we or you cancel the Subscription Service in accordance with these Terms.
1.3. We shall not be under any obligation to accept any request for a paid subscription and reserve the right to refuse to provide the Subscription Service to any person at any time.
1.4. For the avoidance of doubt, the Contract between you and us includes the
General My Warhammer Terms
, the
Terms of Use
and these Subscription Terms, and the provision of the Subscription Service is subject to you agreeing to and complying with such Terms at all times.
1.5. If you wish to cancel your access to the Subscription Service, you must notify us of your intention to do so by emailing us or by selecting the relevant option in the ‘Subscriptions’ area of the Website (Cancellation Notice). Upon receipt of your Cancellation Notice, we will contact you by email to confirm the cancellation of your Subscription Service. Your access to the Subscription Service and the Contract will automatically come to an end at the end of the billing period in which your Cancellation Notice was received and the cancellation was confirmed by us. If you wish to cancel part way through your current billing period, please contact us
here
to discuss your options.
2. Your status
2.1. By subscribing to the Subscription Service, you warrant and represent that you have either reached the age of legal capacity where you live (in England, this is age 18), or have the valid consent of your parent or legal guardian to be bound by the terms of the Contract on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of legal capacity where you live, or do not understand this section, please do not subscribe to the Subscription Service before you have asked your parent or legal guardian for help and their consent.
2.2. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who subscribes to the Subscription Service, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by the terms of the Contract and you are responsible for supervising the minor in the purchase and use of the Subscription Service.
3. Changes to your subscription
3.1. We will endeavour to notify you at least 30 days before making any material changes to the terms of the Contract or the Subscription Service, unless the changes need to be implemented sooner than this for security, legal or regulatory reasons. If any change to the terms of the Contract or the Subscription Service is likely to have a significant adverse effect on your use or enjoyment of the Subscription Service, we will provide you with at least 30 days' notice before the changes are due to come into effect and you can choose to cancel your subscription before the changes become effective.
3.2. If you continue to use the Subscription Service following notification of any change to the terms of the Contract or the Subscription Service, this constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms of the Contract or Subscription Service as varied. The most up to date version of these Terms will always be available on our Website or otherwise available upon request.
4. If you change your mind
4.1. You have a legal right to change your mind within 14 days from the Commencement Date. In order to exercise this right, you must send us a Cancellation Notice notifying us of your intention to do so and, once we have confirmed the cancellation of your Subscription Service, we will refund you any amounts already paid to us under the Contract. However, we reserve the right to retain from you, or require you to pay us, a reasonable sum which reflects the proportionate amount of time you have had access to the Subscription Service until the time at which you tell us that you have changed your mind. We will usually refund any money received from you by using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
5. Price and payment
5.1. The charges for the Subscription Service will be as quoted on our Website from time to time (Charges). The Charges will be confirmed during the online subscription sign-up process and in the email confirmation we send you following confirmation of your purchase.
5.2. Your purchase of the Subscription Service may be subject to certain sales taxes depending on where in the world you are. Further details of sales taxes can be found in the
'Taxes and Charges'
page of the Customer Services section on the Website. If you are responsible for paying tax and that tax has not been collected by us, it is your responsibility to pay such tax as applicable. Our VAT numbers can be found at the end of these Subscription Service Terms.
5.3. Payment of the Charges must be made using one of the methods made available on our Website. Without affecting anything else set out in these conditions, by providing us with a payment method, you:
i. represent that you are authorised to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is complete and accurate and will be kept up to date by you;
ii. authorise us to charge you for the Subscription Service using your chosen payment method;
iii. authorise us to charge you on a recurring basis in line with the Subscription Service you have purchased until the Contract is cancelled by either you or us in accordance with these Terms; and
iv. authorise us or our third-party payment processors to store your payment account details, and take payment from or charge your designated account through your chosen payment method.
5.4. We will notify you in advance of any intended change in the Charges and provide you with the opportunity to cancel the Subscription Service before any such price change takes effect. Please refer to section 1.5. above for more details on how you can cancel your subscription.
5.5. If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, we or our service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and process any such payment as a payment for the Subscription Service. We may charge you at the same time for more than one billing period for any amounts that have not previously been processed successfully. We reserve the right to suspend your Account and access to the Subscription Service until you have paid us any outstanding amounts or cancel the Contract in accordance with section 6 at our discretion.
6. Our rights to cancel or suspend access
6.1. We reserve the right to suspend your access to the Service or end the Contract immediately by giving you notice if:
i. you have or we reasonably believe that you have committed a serious breach of these Terms (or any of our other policies which appear on our Website from time to time) which either cannot be remedied, or you fail to remedy the breach after we give you notice to do so; or
ii. you do not make any payment to us when it is due.
6.2. Upon cancellation of the Contract for any reason, you will lose access to the Service and need to purchase a new subscription in order to regain access.
7. Your obligations
7.1. In return for our making available of the Subscription Service to you, you agree to:
pay the Charges;
comply at all times with the
General My Warhammer Terms
, the
Terms of Use
and these Subscription Terms;
use the Service for your own personal and non-commercial use, and not for any commercial or business purpose;
ensure all information you give us is correct at all times, and notify us immediately of any changes to your contact or payment details;
only use the Service in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations; and
be responsible for configuring your own information technology and devices in order to access the Service. You should use your own anti-virus software.
8. VAT Numbers
Austria: ATU 65067009
Belgium: BE 0897973639
Bulgaria: GB 580 8534 21
Croatia: GB 580 8534 21
Cyprus: GB 580 8534 21
Czech Republic: GB 580 8534 21
Denmark: DK 20341505
Estonia: GB 580 8534 21
Finland: FI 17237135
France: FR 23438863441
Germany: DE 191461167
Greece: GB 580 8534 21
Hungary: GB 580 8534 21
Ireland: IE 6602304E
Italy: IT 00115749996
Latvia: GB 580 8534 21
Lithuania: GB 580 8534 21
Luxembourg: GB 580 8534 21
Malta: GB 580 8534 21
Netherlands: NL 806157495B01
Poland: PL 1080011028
Portugal: GB 580 8534 21
Romania: GB 580 8534 21
Slovakia: GB 580 8534 21
Slovenia: GB 580 8534 21
Spain: ES N00686511
Sweden: SE 502050782701
UK: GB 580 8534 21
VAT Numbers Last updated: 9 December 2020
My Warhammer Beta Service Terms
Beta Service Terms
1. Beta Service
1.1. For a limited period of time, we will be offering all users who have signed up for a My Warhammer Account free access to the Subscription Service via the App for a period of one calendar month (Beta Service).
1.2. The Beta Service will be available to all users who have an existing Account or who sign up for a new Account from 9th December 2020 to 9th January 2021 (inclusive) (Promotional Period).
1.3. You may only use the Beta Service once. We shall not be under any obligation to accept any request for access to the Beta Service and reserve the right to refuse to provide the Beta Service to any person at any time or withdraw or modify this offer without prior notice.
2. New accounts
2.1. If you do not already have a My Warhammer Account, you will need to first create a My Warhammer user account (Account) on our Website by following the online instructions. You must also agree to comply with the General My Warhammer Terms and Terms of Use.
2.2. Once you have registered your Account, you will be able to activate the Beta Service by following the instructions set out in the ‘Subscriptions’ area of the Website.
2.3. When activating the Beta Service, you will be asked to provide payment card details, which will be handled at all times in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
. You will not be charged for access to the Beta Service, but must unsubscribe or cancel before the end of your one-month free access period in order to avoid automatically being charged (see ‘End of the free access period’ below).
2.4. Your one-month free access period will begin from the date on which we first make the Beta Service available to you following your completion of the online process or send you an email confirming that your Beta Service subscription is active (whichever is the earlier).
3. Existing accounts
3.1. If you have already signed up for a paid subscription, your one-month free access to the Beta Service will automatically begin the day after the end of your current billing period (during the Promotional Period) and when we notify you confirming that the Beta Service has been activated on your Account. If you discover that this has not happened automatically, please
contact us
.
4. End of the free access period
4.1. Your access to the Beta Service will continue until the end of the one-month free access period, or until we or you cancel the Beta Service in accordance with these Terms (whichever occurs first).
4.2. You will not be charged for access to the Beta Service. However, if you have not cancelled before midnight on the last day of your one-month free access period, you acknowledge and agree that your Account will automatically convert to an ongoing paid subscription, and you will automatically be charged using the payment card details you originally provided (see ‘Cancellation’ below) in accordance with the Subscription Service Terms.
5. Cancellation
5.1. You have the right to cancel your access to the Beta Service at any time by emailing us at
uk.custserv@gwplc.com
or by selecting the relevant option in the 'Subscriptions’ area of the Website.
5.2. We reserve the right to change or withdraw the Beta Service (in whole or in part) at any time, with our without notice.
PLEASE REMEMBER TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION BEFORE THE END OF THE ONE-MONTH FREE ACCESS PERIOD TO AVOID BEING CHARGED.
Talk To Our Experts
If you’re stuck and can’t find what you need, our team is here to help.
Talk now
We use cookies to give you personalised content and adverts, provide you social media content you’ll want to see and to analyse our traffic. We may share information about how you use the site with social media, advertising, and analytics partners.
Accept Cookies
Reject Cookies
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
You probably already know about cookies – they’re little nuggets of information that websites store on your browser to personalise your experience. They record information about your device and preferences that help make the site work the way you expect.
You have the right to choose what types of cookies you allow. Click on the category headings to find out more about the different kinds and change the settings to suit you. Remember that some cookies are necessary to the experience and features of the site, so blocking some might change the way the site works for you.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.selligent.com/privacy-policy:
This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our
privacy policy
, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.
Manage Settings
Accept
Decline All
SELLIGENT PRIVACY POLICY
As of January 19, 2023, Selligent’s privacy notice, including information about our use of cookies, has moved to
https://meetmarigold.com/privacy-notices/
. Please note that, for the
https://selligent.com
website, there have been no changes to the nature, scope, or duration of the processing of personal data. Under the new Marigold website, we have created two unique privacy notices:
The Site Privacy Notice
. This notice continues to provide information regarding Marigold and Marigold entities’ processing of your personal data as a prospect, customer, applicant, or otherwise where we are a data controller.
The Services Privacy Notice
. This notice generally provides information on how our Services, as defined in the Services Agreement, process personal data, both where Marigold and Marigold entities are a data processor and a data controller.
To find information about the cookies we use or manage your cookie preferences, please go to the TrustArc Cookie Preferences page found in the footer of this site. If you have any questions about either notice, or anything else related to the privacy of personal data processed by Marigold and its affiliates, please contact us at
privacy@meetmarigold.com
Marigold
: where relationships take root.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.webtrends-optimize.com/privacy/:
Solutions
Website Optimisation
Market-leading Platform
Discovery (New!)
Detailed Feature List
Flexible Services & Support
Worldwide Partnerships
Testing & Personalisation Tools
AB Testing
Personalisation
Multivariate Testing
Social Proof
Server-side Testing
Product Recommendations
Split Testing
Exit Intent
Baseline Analysis
Hello Bars
Site Search Optimisation
Onsite Retargeting
Urgency Messaging
Funnel Optimisation
Form Optimisation
Product Scraping
Onsite Surveys
No Code Widgets
Pricing
Resources
Case Studies
Testimonials
Blog
Webinars
Podcasts
Optimize Glossary
AB Testing Calculator
Optimize Help
About Us
About Us
Social Conscience
Careers
Contact Us
News
Login
Call us on: 0333 444 5502
Get in touch
Free Trial
Get in touch
Free Trial
Privacy & GDPR
Privacy & GDPR
Webtrends Optimize, and Accelerate Group Limited are each referred to herein as “
Webtrends
Optimize
”.
Last Updated: 2nd May, 2024
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement applies to
https://www.webtrends-optimize.com
and other subdomains
comprising Webtrends Optimize’s corporate web presence (together our “Corporate Websites”); as well as to
our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platforms owned and operated by Webtrends Optimize (our “SaaS Solutions”).
This privacy statement (“Statement”) explains how your personal information is collected, used, and
disclosed by Webtrends Optimize and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Webtrends Optimize” or
“We”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to
update and correct your personal information. It applies to all business clients of our products and
services and visitors to our websites. This Statement does not apply to household consumers, visitors to
Webtrends Optimize’s clients’ sites, and services, or employees. This Statement does not cover the practices
of any third parties or their services, including any social networking platforms you choose to use to
connect with Webtrends Optimize Corporate Websites or SaaS Solutions, or to business clients who use
Webtrends Optimize services to collect information from their customers. For information about third party
privacy practices, please consult their privacy policies.
Data Controller
The data controller for all personal data collected from European data subjects is Webtrends Optimize.
We can be contacted at:
Webtrends Optimize
Lawrence House,
45 High St,
Egham TW20 9DP
United Kingdom
Or via email at:
legal@webtrends-optimize.com
Purpose of Data Collection and Processing
With respect to its Corporate Websites, Webtrends Optimize collects various data as described further in this
document for the purpose of responding to your requests, for first party marketing, as well as to better
understand our clients and their interests.
With respect to its SaaS Solutions, Webtrends Optimize is a data processor for all personal data collected on
behalf of clients (“Client Data”) – clients, as data controller, determine the purpose and legal basis of
all data processing activities – and Webtrends Optimize is a data controller for all personal data of
client’s employees (“SaaS Solutions Users”) collected and processed during access to these solutions.
Recipients of Personal Data Collected
With respect to Webtrends Optimize Corporate Websites, all data collected is stored in secure applications
with access limited to business needs. No personal data is shared with third parties other than services
providers acting as Webtrends Optimize’s agents.
With respect to its SaaS Solutions, Webtrends Optimize does not provide any third party with access to Client
Data. Webtrends Optimize may share personal data of SaaS Solutions Users with service providers acting as
Webtrends Optimize’s agents (such as for email notifications).
Personal Information Requests by Public Authorities
In certain situations, Webtrends Optimize may be required to disclose personal data; a) in response to lawful
requests, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, by public authorities including national
security and law enforcement; b) in the event that Webtrends Optimize files for bankruptcy; c) to protect
our rights; d) to protect your safety or that of others; e) to investigate fraud, or f) to respond to a
government request.
WEBTRENDS OPTIMIZE NOTICE ON THE EUROPEAN UNION DATA PROTECTION REGULATION
(GDPR)
This notice applies to the Webtrends Optimize (“Companies”). It is relevant to Customers using Webtrends
Optimize software (“System”) who conduct business with End Users that are citizens of the European Union
(“EU”), and are thereby governed by the EU GDPR in effect as of May 25, 2018.
SECURITY
Webtrends Optimize have a comprehensive and mature Information Security program and are committed to the
privacy and security of its Customers’ data. Any information processed through the System is securely
handled, solely accessed by authorized personnel, and treated as confidential. The Companies implement and
maintain appropriate technical, security, and organisational controls to protect all personal data against
unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or
disclosure.
END USER ABILITY TO OPT-OUT OR WITHDRAW CONSENT
It is each Customer’s obligation to obtain End User consents. The Companies do not operate the web site or
digital property that its Customers’ End Users interact with, and therefore do not display any consent
notices.
END USER ABILITY TO REQUEST DATA DELETION
End Users have the right to request that you delete any historical data you have stored about them. To delete
End User data, please submit a request to
support@webtrends-optimize.com
. Your request
will be processed within fifteen (15) calendar days and you will receive a confirmation response when it’s
complete.
DATA COLLECTION
In its default configuration, the System is configured to prevent the capture of any personally identifiable
information. However, to perform its intended function, the System has the capability to read specific End
User information. The Companies will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for
which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
INFORMATION WE
COLLECT
Here are a few ways we collect your information and the types of information we collect. We may also obtain
information from other sources. Information we collect may be in the form of personal information or
anonymised data. Anonymised data may be in the form of aggregate data. Aggregate data is information we
collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been
removed. In other words, no personal information is included in aggregate data. Aggregate data helps us
understand trends in our users’ needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our
products and services. This Policy does not restrict or limit our collection and use of aggregate data.
Information You Provide To Us
We collect personal information you give us. These are the general types of information we may collect from
you:
Registration and Profile Information
– When you register to use our service, to receive
information, to participate in our events, and create or update your forum profile, we may collect various
kinds of information about you. For example, we may collect: your name; postal address; phone numbers; fax
numbers and email address; your log-in ID and password; your title; company; and other profile information
you provide; demographic information; and information linked with your profile such as comments you may
post.
Submissions and Customer Service
– From time to time we may use surveys, contests, or
sweepstakes requesting personal information. Information we collect may include demographic information,
information about your personal interests, and your feedback as a valued client.
Information We Automatically Collect
When you visit our site or use our services, some information such as your computer’s operating system,
Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website you visited before
our Corporate Websites is logged automatically and stored in log files. We also collect information about
your usage and activity on our Corporate Websites. We may tie your IP address to information we
automatically collect on our Corporate Websites. We may also tie information we automatically collect with
personal information, such as your login ID and information you give us at registration. We use our own
products, and products of third parties acting on our behalf, to analyse, optimise, and improve our site. To
opt-out of online behavioural advertising, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
.
We will also collect information on your usage of the SaaS Solutions to ensure the security of the data we
collect on behalf of our clients. You cannot opt-out of this collection and processing as it is necessary to
ensure the security of the service we provide to our clients. The information is below
The End User’s browser agent-string (also known as the User Agent)
which experiment they are exposed to.
metrics we have decided to capture that are important to us.
IP address, if the feature is enabled.
Optimize user ID, an anonymous, randomised identifier.
The Court of Justice of the European Union ruled, under Case 582/14, Patrick Breyer v Germany, that IP
addresses are “personal data” in certain circumstances and stated IP addresses would only qualify as
personal data if the relevant individual provides additional details to the website operator (e.g., name,
email address, etc.) in the course of using the website. The System does not store such additional user
details.
Webtrends Optimize and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics providers, and leads management
providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies to analyse trends, administer the site, track users’
movements around the site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive
reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated
basis.
Cookie Policy
– We use cookies for analytics, user experience and session tracking, as well
as ad and video tracking. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you
reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may
be limited.
Click
here
to find out more about the types of cookies Webtrends Optimize uses.
Webtrends Optimize may also use device-recognition technologies combined with other identifiers to create
cross-browsers and cross-devices identities to provide you with better services.
Behavioural targeting/Re-targeting
– We partner with third parties to either display
advertising on our Corporate Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners
may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other
sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to
not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by
clicking
here
). Please note this does not opt you out
of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Information We Obtain from Other Sources
Webtrends Optimize may collect information about you from third party sources and services. We may buy or
lease contact, marketing, and demographic data from brokers. Webtrends Optimize may also access certain
profile information such as friends, profile picture, etc. from social networking platforms and services
that you use to interact with Webtrends Optimize Corporate Websites and SaaS Solutions. We may combine that
third party information with information we collect directly from you.
USE OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION
We use personal information collected through our Corporate Websites and SaaS Solutions in the ways we tell
you in this Statement. For example, we may use your information to:
operate and improve our sites, products and services;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards (Corporate Websites only);
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
contact you to request feedback about your experience with our products and services or learn about your
demographics, preferences and interests;
provide and deliver our products and services you use;
send you information related to our products and services you use, including confirmations, invoices,
technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about new contests, promotions and rewards, upcoming events and webinars, and other
news about products and services offered by Webtrends Optimize and our selected partners (Corporate
Websites only);
anonymise and aggregate personal information for different purposes. This could include market analysis,
traffic flow analysis and reporting, and to deliver relevant advertising and information based on click
stream data (Corporate Websites only);
customise or personalise your online experience, for example to pre-populate forms and display relevant
content;
customise or personalise advertising and communications to bring you relevant information about products
and services that may interest you (Corporate Websites only); and
protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorised or illegal activity. We may also link,
combine or supplement your personal information with other personal information we get from third
parties such as a business directory. We do this to help understand your needs and provide you with
better products and services. We may also use your personal information in other ways than as listed
here, in which case, we will inform you.
Webtrends Optimize may store and process personal information in the U.S., EU member countries, and other
countries.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information You Share
We may engage third parties to provide forums that allow you to connect and share your profile, actions,
comments, content, and information publicly and with others. We are not responsible for the personal
information you choose to submit in these forums. To learn how the third party applications use your
information, please review their privacy policies. To request removal of your personal information from our
blog or community forum, follow the instructions in the section titled Your Information Choices and Changes
below. We may also allow you to connect and share on third party sites and services. For example, we use a
single sign-on service that allows you to sign into Webtrends Optimize forums using certain third-party
social networking login credentials. This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your
Webtrends Optimize account. Once connected, you will be able to share and post content on and with the
third-party site from Webtrends Optimize and share and interact with your friends.
Please be mindful of your own privacy needs as you choose with which third party services to connect, with
whom you connect, and what to share and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of
information you choose to make public or share with others. If you share information about others, we
suggest you get consent for any information you may share about them.
Information We Share
Corporate Websites only – We do not sell and share your personal information with third parties other than as
follows:
in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you;
with your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties
for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers such as email service providers,
marketing service providers, blog service providers and forum service providers who are working on our
behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us, these service providers are
authorised to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us;
when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving sale or transfer of all or a part of
our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy
transaction or proceeding. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Corporate
Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may
have regarding your personal information.
RETENTION AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as
log in credentials), we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure transport layer security
(TLS). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us,
both during transmission and once we receive it, including encryption in transit, strict access controls,
firewalls and intrusion detection systems, hardening and patching procedures, and malware protection. No
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Webtrends Optimize retains personal information it collects as a data controller consistent with its data
retention policy. Retention of Client Data (defined below) is documented in Webtrends Optimize Data
Retention Policy.
LINKS TO 3RD PARTY SITES
Our Corporate Websites includes links to other websites, mobile sites, and/or mobile applications whose
privacy practices may differ from those of Webtrends Optimize. If you submit personal information to any of
those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the
privacy policy of any site you visit.
Social Media Widgets
Our Corporate Websites includes certain social media features, such as the Facebook button. These features
may collect your IP address, may collect which page you are visiting on our Corporate Websites, and may set
a cookie to enable such feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third
party or hosted directly on our Corporate Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by
the privacy policy of the company providing it.
TESTIMONIALS
We display personal testimonials of satisfied clients on our site in addition to other endorsements. With
your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your
testimonial, you can contact us at
legal@webtrends-optimize.com
YOUR
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from Webtrends Optimize by following the instructions in
those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as emails about
your accounts, product notices, user forum notices or our ongoing business relations.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if
we are unable to do so and why.
We will retain your information collected for a commercially reasonable period of time for us to provide
services to you and to use it as stated in this Statement. In addition, we will retain your information for
as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Upon request Webtrends Optimize will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal
information. You may email
legal@webtrends-optimize.com
to:
request Webtrends Optimize to provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf
of a third party, any of your personal information;
request changes to your contact preferences,
request access and changes to your personal information. If you would like this information edited or
deleted, we will respond to your request within 30 days,
opt-out of our sharing your information with independent third parties.
As a user of Webtrends Optimize’s SaaS Solutions, you may not opt out of personal data collection, because
such data collection is required to ensure the security and integrity of the data we collect on behalf of
our clients. If you object to such data collection, please contact the client for whom you work.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON BEHALF OF OUR CLIENTS
Webtrends Optimize acts as a service provider for each of our clients, in that we provide our services for
the benefit of the client. Each of our clients uses Webtrends Optimize products and services to gather
information about their own customers and visitors to their sites and digital properties (Client Data). Each
client instructs us as to what types of Client Data it would like us to collect on its behalf.
Webtrends Optimize will retain personal data we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to
provide services to our clients, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
and enforce our agreements. Webtrends Optimize retains Client Data, including any personal data, we process
on behalf of our clients in accordance with the Webtrends Optimize Data Retention Policy (Exhibit B of
Webtrends Optimize
Subscription Service Agreement
).
If you are a customer of one of our clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our clients
that uses our service, please contact the client that you interact with directly.
Webtrends Optimize may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers
to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our clients.
Webtrends Optimize acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Webtrends
Optimize has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who
seeks access, who seeks to correct, amend, delete inaccurate data, or who seeks to withdraw consent to
further contact should direct his/her query to the applicable Webtrends Optimize client. If the client
requests Webtrends Optimize to remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 days.
We treat Client Data as the property and confidential information of the applicable Webtrends Optimize
client. We reserve a limited right to disclose any collected data as required by law, a valid court order,
or other request from a governmental authority. Other than under such a limited right, we do not share
information collected for one client with our other clients or with any third party.
Webtrends Optimize follows our clients’ instructions on cookie placement. To control the placement of cookies
set while visiting our clients’ web sites, please consult these clients’ privacy statement and cookie
settings.
END USERS CONTACTING WEBTRENDS OPTIMIZE FOR PRIVACY INQUIRIES
Under GDPR, End Users have the right to contact the Companies directly. Contact information and instructions
can be found on our website below.
Changes to this Statement
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make
material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to
the change becoming effective.
If you have any questions about this Statement, please contact us at:
Webtrends Optimize
Lawrence House
45 High Street
Egham
Surrey TW20 9DP
United Kingdom
Or via email at:
legal@webtrends-optimize.com
GDPR FAQs
What is the GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is a comprehensive EU
data protection law, which goes into effect on May 25, 2018. The GDPR expands the privacy rights of EU
individuals, and places heightened obligations on companies that process EU personal data in the context of
providing goods or services to those individuals.
For more details, check out this Guide to the GDPR published by the
UK Information Commissioner’s Office
.
As a Webtrends Optimize client, does the GDPR apply to me?
Companies within the EU, or
who process the personal data of EU residents in the context of providing goods or services, will need to
comply with GDPR. As a Webtrends Optimize client collecting data via our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)
solutions, you are likely a data controller under the GDPR.
Clients will need to evaluate their obligations under the GDPR, in part, based on: (1) the type of client
data that you collect via Webtrends Optimize SaaS solutions, and (2) the legal basis on which you rely for
the collection of this client data.
What about Webtrends Optimize?
Webtrends Optimize serves as the data processor for the
data you collect via our SaaS solutions, as further described in this GDPR FAQ. For some limited data types
(e.g. your login data), Webtrends Optimize is the data controller.
What personal data is collected and processed via Webtrends Optimize’s
solutions?
Webtrends Optimize’s SaaS solutions collect a limited amount of personal data by
default – (1) IP address; and (2) randomly generated GUID. Clients have control over, and are responsible
for, any additional collection and use of personal data.
Clients should be aware that combining multiple data elements, even if not considered personal data when
taken alone, may result in them being considered personal data when combined.
Can I avoid collecting personal data when using Webtrends Optimize’s solutions?
Webtrends
Optimize provides functionality to allow clients to truncate IP addresses. In addition, clients may contact
Webtrends Optimize’s Technical Support team to discuss other options for minimizing the collection of
personal data.
Are there certain types of data that cannot be collected and processed via Webtrends Optimize’s
solutions?
Yes. Webtrends Optimize’s SaaS solutions are not intended for processing data
that could be legally considered sensitive in any applicable jurisdiction (e.g. government-issued
identification or credit card numbers). Webtrends Optimize calls this “Prohibited Data”, and the default
configurations of Webtrends Optimize’s tagging methods do not collect Prohibited Data. Webtrends Optimize
prohibits clients from using its solutions to collect, store, process, or analyse Prohibited Data, and does
not accept liability for Prohibited Data.
When does Webtrends Optimize delete client data?
Webtrends Optimize deletes client data,
including backups, within thirty (30) days following termination of the agreement. Please refer to Webtrends
Optimize’s Data Retention Policy (Exhibit B to Webtrends Optimize’s Terms of Subscription Service) for more
information about data retention during the term of the agreement.
Does Webtrends Optimize provide clients with the option to delete client data?
Webtrends
Optimize supports the deletion of client data; however, this needs to be done in conjunction with Webtrends
Optimize’s Technical Support team pursuant to a Statement of Work.
Does Webtrends Optimize utilise augmentation data?
Yes. Webtrends Optimize uses
augmentation data from NetAcuity and Device Atlas to provide additional geographical and device information
in reports.
Where is the data held?
Webtrends Optimize leverages data collection centres in
Australia, Netherlands, Dublin. All data is stored in Amsterdam.
Webtrends Optimize’s
Commitment to Data Protection
Robust Security Practices. Webtrends Optimize employs technical and organisational measures designed to
prevent unauthorised access, use, alteration, or disclosure of Client Data collected via Webtrends
Optimize’s SaaS solutions). Further, Webtrends Optimize has more than 15 years of experience in operating
highly secured SaaS solutions with security controls that are continuously updated to meet industry
standards and emerging threats. This is described in detail in
Webtrends Optimize’s Security Statement
.
For more information, please contact us at
legal@Webtrends-Optimize.com
.
Cookies on Webtrends-Optimize.com
We use cookies, as explained in our
Cookie Policy
.
By using the site with these enabled, you agree to our use of cookies.
Close