Privacy Policy
Radioplayer Wordlwide LTD
Introduction
This privacy notice sets out how Radioplayer use the personal information collected through this website (www.radioplayer.org), via contact to our teams by any channel or when you listen via our apps.
Throughout this document, where we refer to Data Protection Legislation, we mean the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA2018), United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any legislation implemented in connection with the aforementioned legislation. When you are based in the EU, it also includes the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). This includes any replacement legislation coming into effect from time to time.
We are committed to meeting the requirements of the Data Protection Legislation and we have developed this privacy notice to ensure that you are aware of:
the personal data we collect about you,
what we do with your information,
what we do to keep your information secure, and
the rights and choices you have over your personal information.
We will only use your information as set out in this Privacy Notice. If we need to use your personal information for any other purpose, we will take steps to tell you and we will update this Privacy Notice.
The personal data we collect and why
We only collect personal information that we genuinely need and in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation.
We do not require - or support - user registration. We will not ask you to sign up to use Radioplayer or ask you for directly identifiable personal information such as your name or email address. Some of the stations on Radioplayer may, however, and where they do, your relationship is directly between you and the radio station. You should fully review and understand their privacy notices before proceeding and be aware that your relationship is between you and the radio station with whom you are signing up.
We use your approximate location to provide an enhanced experience, ensuring we offer stations that are geographically relevant to the locality you are currently in. Our apps use your location for this and for providing better, more relevant station and on-demand recommendations. To turn off this functionality, look for an option to switch off location services for Radioplayer on your phone (or block Radioplayer). Our products continue to work, even if no location data is available.
Our app stores information about your device, mobile network, country, and how you listen to the radio to help us provide
A better, more personalised radio listening experience for you
More relevant recommendations and local stations
An understanding of how well our apps work on different devices
Insights into listening patterns
Lawful basis for processing your personal data
We will only ever process your personal data if we have a lawful basis to do so. The lawful bases we rely on are:
Contract
– This is where we process your information to fulfil a contractual arrangement we have made with you.
Consent
– This is where we have asked you to provide permission to process your data for a particular purpose. Please note, if we are relying on your Consent you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or using the opt out link in any emails that we send to you.
Legitimate
Interests
– This is where we rely on our interests as a reason for processing, generally this is to provide you with the best products and service in the most secure and appropriate way and to manage our Dealer Network.
Your Rights
You have a number of Rights under Data Protection Legislation. If you would like to exercise any of these rights you can contact us using
this form
.
You rights under the Legislation are:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of personal data
You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice gives you this information.
Right to access your personal information
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you. This is sometimes termed ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge and aim to do so within 1 month from the point that we are able to confirm your identity. We will ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us where necessary so that we can locate your personal information.
Right to correction of your personal information
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, you can ask us to correct it.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data. For example, this may be because you have issues with the accuracy of the data we hold or the way we have processed your data. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
Right to erasure
You have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
Right to portability
The right to portability gives you the right to receive personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. It also gives you the right to request that a controller transmits this data directly to another controller.
Right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of some or all of the personal data that we hold about you. This is an absolute right when we use your data for direct marketing, but may not apply in other circumstances where we have a compelling reason to do so, e.g. a legal obligation.
For more information about your privacy rights
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) regulates data protection and privacy matters in the UK. They make a lot of information accessible to consumers on their website and they ensure that the registered details of all data controllers such as ourselves are available publicly. You can access them here https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public.
You can make a complaint to the ICO at any time about the way we use your information. However, we hope that you would consider raising any issue or complaint you have with us first. Your satisfaction is extremely important to us, and we will always do our very best to solve any problems you may have.
How long we retain your personal data
We retain a record of your personal information in order to provide you with a high quality and consistent service and to evidence the actions we have taken on your behalf.
In line with the Data Protection Legislation we only keep your personal information for the length of time we need it to
Deliver our services to you
Meet our business needs
Meet our legal obligations
We do not keep user data longer than is necessary. We retain usage data in order to perform long-term statistical analysis, to identify trends and improve our products and services. We take active steps to convert user data into aggregated, anonymous data as soon as reasonably possible to ensure that such long-term analysis is only made against anonymous data sets.
Who we may share your personal data with
In some circumstances we may need to share your personal data in order to:
Provide you with the service that you have asked for,
Meet our legal obligations,
Run and manage our business,
Allow our third parties to market to you. For marketing purposes, we will only share aggregated user data with third parties,
We may share your personal information with:
Broadcasters
Advertising, communication and streaming service providers
Cloud hosting partners
In all cases we:
only provide the minimum personal information that each party requires to carry out their duties
only disclose personal information to organisations who we have a contractual relationship with or have an overriding legal requirement to hold the information
How we protect your personal data
Data security is of great importance to us and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any information that we control.
At a high level we have put the below measure in place:
Limiting access to our buildings to those that we have determined are entitled to be there;
Implementing access controls to our information technology;
All our employees and agents who have access to or are involved in the processing of personal information are contractually obliged to protect the confidentiality of personal information;
Our websites may include links to external websites operated by other organisations. They may collect personal information from visitors to their site. We cannot guarantee the content or privacy practices of any external websites and does not accept responsibility for those websites.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time (for example, if the law changes). If the changes are material we will take steps to inform you.
How to contact us
If you would like to:
exercise one of your rights as set out above,
have a question or a complaint about this policy, or
have a question or complaint about the way your personal information is processed
You can contact us via the form on our website
here
.
We use cookies
This website uses cookies. We use cookies primarily to improve and analyze the experience of our website and for marketing purposes. Because we respect your privacy rights, you can choose not to accept certain types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change the default settings. Blocking certain types of cookies may have a negative impact on the experience of the website and may limit the services we can offer you.
Read more
Accept necessary
Customize
Accept all
We use cookies
This website uses cookies. We use cookies primarily to improve and analyze the experience of our website and for marketing purposes. Because we respect your privacy rights, you can choose not to accept certain types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change the default settings. Blocking certain types of cookies may have a negative impact on the experience of the website and may limit the services we can offer you.
Enables basic functionality to remember user, location and preferences. Also supports security, network management and availability.
Allows the use of behavioral data to optimize performance, see how you interact with our websites and apps, and to improve the Second Space experience.
We use cookies to make our ads more engaging and valuable to people who visit our site. Some common uses for cookies are: selection of advertising based on what is relevant to the user; improving the reporting of advertising campaign results; avoid showing ads that the user has already seen.
Allows sharing of behavioral data with advertising partners. This data is used to improve and report on the experience of personalized ads on the websites of partners.
Save
Accept necessary
Accept all