Logic Wiz Privacy Policy
At Logic Wiz (“ Logic Wiz”, “we”, “our” or “us”) we care about your (“user”, “you”, or “your”) privacy and personal data. We wrote this Privacy Policy(“Privacy Policy”) to explain which information we collect (“not much”), how we collect it, use and share it.
The Privacy Policy is pertaining to the following use cases:
When you use our mobile Apps (“Apps”, “Services”).
When you browse or play on our website (
https://www.logic-wiz.com
,
https://sudoku.logic-wiz.com
”) ( “Services” , “website”).
When you interact with us on social media.
When you send us an email.
We greatly respect your privacy, which is why we created a platform that will live up to the highest user privacy standards. By downloading, installing, using, or accessing our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our Terms and Conditions (“
TAC
”). We may update our privacy policy to reflect new legislation requirements or changes to our practices (that would not lessen the level of privacy we are committed to). Except under exigent circumstances that might require immediate action for the protection of users, we will post a notice that changes were made on our web-site and in our Apps at least 7 days before the changes become effective. Please note that this is a master Privacy Policy and some of the provisions only apply to individuals in certain jurisdictions.
Information we Collect
This Privacy Policy explains which personal information we collect and how we use, share and store this information.
Contact Information
We receive your contact information in the following cases:
When you provide it to us directly via email communication, or any other manner of direct communication
You send us feedback via our Apps
You interact with us through social media
Participate in Logic Wiz Giveaways.
We may receive your user name when you synchronize your progress in our apps among multiple devices. We may also collect necessary personal information from Apple and/or Google when you submit an order through the ‘In App Purchase’ option.
Device Information
When you use our services we collect some anonymous technical information, such as
device ID, advertising ID, IP address, operating system, and browser type (when you play via your web browser).
Usage Information
When you use our service we collect anonymous usage information, such as
Sudoku board completion- and, along with the completion, we collect playing time, number of mistakes, usage of hints, Logic Wiz board id, game zone and difficulty level
Trophy and Medal achievements
Quest completion
Navigation between app screens
App loading time
App first touch
Logic Wiz Cloud
When you join Logic Wiz Cloud we collect the following information
Email Address
Display name
Unique user id
When you use Logic Wiz ‘Cloud Sync’, for every board you complete in the game we collect the board and its usage statistics.
Information Obtained by Third Parties
We believe in protecting your privacy, and therefore do not provide or sell your personal data to third parties for their own marketing purposes. To support and improve the Services, we work with third party advertising networks, analytics, error analysis, and website analysis firms, such as Google and Sentry (“
Service Providers
”). These Service Providers collect and use personal data about your visits and use of our Apps and Services, as well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements tailored to meet your preferences and interests, analyse advertisement effectiveness, and/or market research purposes.
Logic Wiz is using Google Analytics tools to help us understand how users engage with our Services and Sentry to analyse App errors in the event they occur. The information is used to generate trends reports and how users are interacting with our Apps and Services. The reports are anonymous.
Third parties that we work with may use cookies and other mobile tracking technologies. A cookie is a small text footprint that is stored on your device that enables:
Recognition of your device
Storage of your preferences and settings
Enhancement of your user experience by delivering content and advertising that matches your interests
Please note that you can change your browser settings to be notified when cookies are being set or updates are occurring and block cookies altogether. Please check for specific browser help settings for more information on how to manage cookies on your device.
Google Analytics & New Relic
We use Google Analytics and New Relic to collect non personal information used to improve our Apps and Services. You cannot opt out of Google Analytics and New Relic in our Apps And Services.
Opting out of Personal Advertisements
You can opt out of receiving personalized ads from advertisers and ad networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising using their opt-out tools.
The NAI out-out tool can be found at:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
The DAA out-out tool can be found at:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to opt-out of personalized advertising experience. To opt-out of personalized advertising on your mobile device(s), follow the procedure(s) that match your device(s):
IOS 14 or newer devices:
a. Open your device settings.
b. Select ‘Privacy’.
c. Select ‘Tracking’.
d. Either disable “Allow Apps to Request to Track” for all apps , or disable tracking for “Logic Wiz Sudoku”.
IOS 13 or older device:
a. Open your device settings.
b. Select ‘Privacy’.
c. Select ‘Advertising’.
d. Enable “Limit Ad Tracking”.
For Android device:
a. Open your device settings.
b. Select Google
c. Select Ads
d. Enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization”
Please note that opting out of personalized advertisements does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you. The Advertisement Network will continue to show advertisements which are not personalized to you.
Your Rights
The following rights (which may be subject to certain exemptions or derogations) shall apply to certain individuals (some of which only apply to individuals protected by the GDPR in certain circumstances):
You have a right to access information held about you. Your right of access is normally exercised free of charge, however we reserve the right to charge an appropriate administrative fee where permitted by applicable law.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are required to retain your data, for example for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent where you have previously given it to the processing of your Personal Data.
You also have the right to understand how we process your personal information and how it may be shared.
Lastly, you have the right to know what personal information we collect about you and from where we collect it.
Any requests and/or inquiries about your privacy and/or personal information should be done by sending email to
privacy@logic-wiz.com
. Logic Wiz will reply to appropriate inquiries and when it is required by applicable laws.
California privacy rights
. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@logic-wiz.com
. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Our “California do not track” notice
. We do not track consumers over time and across third-party websites and therefore do not respond to DO Not Track signals. We do not allow third parties to collect personally identifiable information about individuals' online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer uses the Website.
Age Restrictions
Logic Wiz Apps and Services are intended for users over 16 years of age; therefore, children under 16 years of age should not download, install or use our Apps and/or Services.
Third party websites and links
Our Apps and Services may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We would like to inform you that each time you access a link (including advertising links and/or sharing on various social networks) on our services, which take you to a third party website, you will be subject to the third party privacy policy and terms of use. Logic Wiz does not control other websites and is not responsible for their actions, content or their privacy policy, including any personal or financial information collected by a third party payment processor to process payments for in-app purchases. Although we do not share your personal information with third parties websites, they may be able link certain non-personal information we transfer to them with personal data they previously collected from you. Please review the privacy policy of each website you visit to better understand their privacy policies and practices. By including third party links, we are not implying that Logic Wiz endorses their websites or content. Any information you submit to a third party website is subject to that third party’s privacy policy.
Push Notifications
From time to time, we may use push notifications in our Apps to send you messages about Logic Wiz, our Apps and/or your interaction with our Services. You may opt-out from receiving push notifications through your device settings.
Referral
You may join Logic Wiz referral program. By participating in the Logic Wiz referral program, you may share the app(s) or puzzles with friends via email, social media, or any other means, using your personalized referral link provided by Logic Wiz. This link will be used solely for tracking purposes and will not include any personal information. Upon downloading and opening Logic Wiz app(s) using a referral link, the referring party will be credited according to your app usage, including anonymous playing time and puzzles completion. Logic Wiz will not share any additional information with the referral.
Contact Information
We welcome questions and comments about our Privacy Policy via email. Please send your email to:
privacy@logic-wiz.com
.