Who we are
Suggested text:
Our website address is: https://seda.college.
Comments
Suggested text:
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
Suggested text:
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
Suggested text:
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Suggested text:
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
Suggested text:
If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email.
How long we retain your data
Suggested text:
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
Suggested text:
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where your data is sent
Suggested text:
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your rights to privacy and to the protection of your personal information. The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how we collect and use personal information for the provision of our services and the daily running of the school and to outline your access to and control over your personal information.
WHO ARE WE?
SEDA is a Language Education Centre (LEC) and we are responsible for processing any personal information you provide to the school via our website
www.seda.ie
We respect your rights to privacy and to the protection of your personal information.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how we collect and use personal information for the provision of our services and the daily running of the school and to outline your access to and control over your personal information.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Information which can be used to identify you is known as personal information.
When you provide personal information to SEDA the school as the controller of that information is responsible for how and why the information is kept.
How do we obtain personal information?
We only obtain personal information if it is given directly to us with your consent. This can be as a result of direct contact, email or information provided through online forms.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE MAY PROCESS
We collect and process various categories of personal information including basic information such as name, DOB and contact details. We may also if required collect passport and visa details as well as data relating to medical conditions, special needs and particular requirements which you may state. We may also on occasion collect personal information in photographic or video form.
How do we process your personal information?
The processing of personal information is controlled by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
To comply with GDPR SEDA is obliged to ensure that all personal data is kept up to date, stored safely and destroyed in a secure manner, used only for the purpose it is collected for, protected from loss and unauthorized access and disclosure.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
We only use your personal information for specific purposes related to the administrative, academic and business management of the school including:
School enrolment
To process financial transactions
To assist with visa applications
To order medical or learner protection insurance
For immigration purposes
To book accommodation
For the promotion of the school
If we wish to use your personal information for some new purpose we must inform you of our plans in advance and seek your prior consent to any new processing.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure with us.
All information submitted directly or via the website is fully protected both online and offline.
Only staff who need the information to carry out a specific job will be allowed access to your personal information. All computers and manual filing systems in which SEDA store information are kept in a secure environment.
SHARING WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of the school unless we have your express permission.
We will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Transferring information overseas
Your personal information may only be transferred outside the EU if you permit us to do so.
How long do we keep your information for?
Due to legal and operational obligations we may keep your personal information for an indefinite period unless you request that it be removed from our system.
YOUR RIGHTS
Under GDPR you have certain legal rights to control your personal information and the manner in which we process it. This includes:
A right to access
A right to correct inaccurate information or update incomplete information
A right to restrict processing
A right to receive information in a portable form
A right to object to processing for a purpose for which it was not provide
A right to withdraw your consent at any time
A right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner
REQUEST FOR CONSENT
SEDA requests permission to use personal information you provide to us or any photographs taken of you. You may request access to this data at any time or tell us to remove it from our records unless it is kept for legal reasons.
We will ask you to accept this privacy policy during the booking/enrolment process. Your consent can be withdrawn at any time.
If you have any questions, please contact the school:
Tiago Mascarenhas
, 68-72 Capel St, Rotunda, Dublin 1.
info@seda.ie
Or The Data Protection Commissioner, Dublin Office:
21 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, D02 RD28.
+353 578684800
/
+353(0)761104800
,
info@dataprotection.ie
Quick Quotation
Name
Email
Tel
Country
Send