Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy & Terms
General
This is the most recent terms of services agreements as of June 2021.
When accessing our services, you agree to the terms listed below and if you disagree to any of the terms then you may not access the services. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice, so please check it regularly. Please read the terms and conditions very carefully before using the app.
Term of Use
This app is not affiliated with any other social media applications or third party sites.We are not responsible for any of your actions or consequences when using our app.When using the app, be aware that we do not control nor can we predict the user behaviors such as liking, following or commenting on your images or gallery.The app is an entertainment service and we do not guarantee to give you 100% real reports. It was only designed to make you have fun. You accept that we do not guarantee to give you exact true reports by downloading and upgrading your membership.The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Never upload Adult contents or any other inappropriate contents into these service rotations which are not allowed on social media platforms.You are free and solely responsible for the widgets you create and for your own use. The time of voluntary inactivity - if you choose to stop the script for a specific period - shall not be compensated. We ensure our fast update of the data, but in any case if late update happens we have the right not to compensate you. You should never knowingly exploit the system.
Privacy Policy
This app need not login and does not share your credential with any third party. The app will neither ask for your password nor use your credentials without your permission.The app system servers are secured using high level encryption to prevent unauthorized access of your account. However, in case of security breach and loss of data, we are not responsible for the consequences that follow the event.
Copyright
The Service, its original content, features and functionality will remain the exclusive property of the app and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries.
Personal Data
Through our Apps, We will not collect any Personal Data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey, contest participation), provide your explicit consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your Personal Data.
DO NOT COLLECT FACE DATA
We do not collect any facial detection or facial identification data on your device, in the cloud, nor do we share it with any third parties.
This app is just a voice changer application for entertainment. It allows the users to shoot videos while changing the voice.
However, it does not have the function of “recognize faces”
. Like other common cameras, you can take videos of anything - not limited to face images.
In addition, the shooting is carried out locally on the mobile phone, and no video will be uploaded. So there is no possibility of privacy leakage.
Customer Support
You may provide us with information related to your use of our services  and how to contact you, so we can provide you customer support. For example, you may send us an email with information relating to our app performance or other issues.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage and Log Information. We call it non personal-identify information. We collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about your activity (such as how you use our services, how you interact with others using our services, and the like), log files, and diagnostic, crash, and performance logs and reports.Device and Connection Information. We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, browser information, IP address, mobile network information, and device identifiers.
Uses
We may use information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content.We may also use these information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.We do not sell or otherwise market your Data to third parties. In rare circumstances, including complying with legal processes, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services we require third parties to comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.This app uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information provided and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the Principles. If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, we agree to dispute resolution using (an independent resource mechanism) as a third party resolution provider.
We
D
o
N
ot
S
hare
A
ny
U
ser
I
nformation
We do not store any
personal-identify i
nformation on our servers; We do not share any user information with any third parties; We do not sell or trade your Data to third parties.
Data Retention
We retain the non personal-
identify
information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. If the collected information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, We shall delete all aforementioned information in its possession.
Contact Information
We welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy. You may also contact us via
magicvoice@scoffeehk.com
.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it