Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Books 2 Door Limited, obtain, store and use your personal information when you use or interact with our website, www.books2door.com (our website), or where we otherwise obtain or collect your personal information. This Privacy Policy is effective from 19th December 2017 and last updated on 23rd November 2021.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. We recommend that you print off a copy of this Privacy Policy and any future versions in force from time to time for your records.
Contents
Summary
Our details
How we collect or obtain personal information about you
Personal information we collect or obtain about you
How we use your personal information
How long we retain your personal information
How we secure your personal information
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Transfers of your personal information to other countries and safeguards used
Your rights in relation to your personal information
Your right to object to the processing of your personal information for certain purposes
Consequences of not providing your personal information to us
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Changes to your information
Children’s Privacy
California Do Not Track Disclosures
Copyright, credit and logo
SMS
Summary
This summary provides an overview of how we obtain, store and use your personal information. It is intended to provide a very general overview only.  It is not complete and must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.
Data controller: Abdul Kadir Thadha
How we collect or obtain your information:
when you provide it to us (e.g. by contacting us or placing an order on our website  signing up to your newsletter),
from your use of our website, using cookies.
Personal information we collect: name, contact details, IP address.
How we use your personal information: for administrative and business purposes particularly to contact you and process orders you place on our website, to improve our business and website, for advertising and analytical purposes, in connection with our legal rights and obligations
Disclosure of your personal information to third parties: only to the extent necessary to run our business, fulfil any orders we receive from you. e.g Post an order postal services need your address.
Do we sell personal information to third parties: No
How long we retain your personal information: for no longer than necessary, taking into account any legal obligations we have (e.g. to maintain records for tax purposes) and any other legal basis we have for using your personal information e.g. your consent, performance of a contract with you or our legitimate interests as a business.
How we secure your personal information: using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your personal information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers, encrypting payments on our site via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and only granting access to your personal information where necessary.
Use of cookies: We use cookies and similar information-gathering technologies such as web beacons on our website including analytical and targeting cookies. To find out more please visit our cookies policy here: https://www.books2door.com/cookies-policy
Transfers of your personal information outside the European Economic Area: we will not transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area.
Your rights in relation to your personal information
to access your personal information and to be informed about its use
to correct your personal information
to have your personal information deleted
to restrict the use of your personal information
to object to the use of your personal information
to complain to a supervisory authority
to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information
Our details
The data controller in respect of our website is Books 2 Door Limited, Company #05060595 of
Unit 34 Vulcan House Business Centre, Vulcan Road, Leicester, Leicestershire, LE5 3EF
. You can contact the data controller by writing to Books 2 Door Limited,
Unit 34 Vulcan House Business Centre, Vulcan Road, Leicester, Leicestershire, LE5 3EF
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the data controller.
How we collect or obtain personal information about you
Information collected from you
We collect personal information about you when you provide it to us, such as through your use of our website and its features, when you contact us directly by email, phone, in writing, or via social media, when you order goods and services, when you use any of our other websites or applications or any other means by which you provide personal information to us.
Information collected from your use of our website
We also collect information about your use of our website through cookies and similar technologies. Our cookies policy sets out more of the information on how we use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about you. You can access our cookies policy via this link
https://www.books2door.com/cookies-policy
Personal information we collect or obtain about you
The type of information we collect about you includes information such as:
your name;
your email address;
your address;
your phone number;
your payment information, but we do not store this information. (e.g. your credit or debit card details);
your IP address;
information about your device e.g. device and browser type;
information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed, the time you viewed them and what you clicked on);
information about your mobile device (such as your geographical location)
Information received from you
When you contact us by email, the information we collect about you will be your name and email address and any other information you provide to us. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. I acknowledge that my information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing
Mailchimp's privacy policy
. If you wish to be taken off our mailing list at anytime please click on Unsubscribe links on emails or contact
info@books2door.com
.
Text Marketing and notifications:
By subscribing to text notifications you agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages at the phone number provided. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Reply STOP to unsubscribe. HELP for help. Msg & Data rates may apply. More info view Privacy Policy and ToS
We value your privacy and the information you consent to share in relation to our SMS marketing service. We use this information to send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned checkout reminders), text marketing offers, and transactional texts, including requests for reviews from us.Opt-in data and consent for text messaging will not be shared with any third parties except for messaging partners,for the purpose of enabling and operating our text messaging program.
Opt-in data and consent for text messaging will not be shared with any third-parties except for messaging partners, for the purpose of enabling and operating our text messaging program.
Our website uses cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, including when you have abandoned your checkout. This information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mailchimp.com/legal/:
___
Skip to main content
Try Mailchimp with a 14-day trial.
Start for free today.
Legal
Thanks for taking the time to learn about Mailchimp's legal policies. It's important stuff. This is where you'll find information about how we protect your privacy, what you can and can't do with Mailchimp, and how we handle user accounts.
Standard Terms of Use
The main agreement you're making in order to use Mailchimp
Additional Terms
Some Mailchimp products are subject to additional usage terms and restrictions
Acceptable Use
A set of rules about the types of content you can create or distribute through Mailchimp
Global Privacy Statement
What we do (and don't do!) with the information you give us
API Use Policy
Rules for developers who use our API
Copyright and Trademark Policy
What to do if you think a Mailchimp user infringed your IP rights
Cookie Statement
How we use cookies and similar technologies
Data Processing Addendum
Our agreement that governs data processing activities for personal data
Service of Process
Our guidelines for Service of Process
Mailchimp & Co.
Our agreement that governs participation in Mailchimp & Co.
Mailchimp uses cookies for our website to function properly; some are optional and help deliver a personalized and enhanced experience. By clicking “Dismiss”, you consent to store cookies on your device in accordance with our cookie statement. We may collect anonymized data from your browser independent of your cookie preferences. Preferences can be updated at any time.
Cookie Statement.
Reject all
Dismiss
Cookie settings
Mailchimp Sites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our Mailchimp Sites, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, to enable social media functionality and to customize your relationship with Mailchimp, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences at any time. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Mailchimp Sites and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
View Cookies‎
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the functionality and performance of the site. They help us to customize the site and application for you in order to enhance your experience. While these cookies are not needed for a basic website experience, certain functionalities such as personalization and video would become unavailable.
View Cookies‎
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
View Cookies‎
Analytics and Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
View Cookies‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label