Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the processing of personal data of users (“user” or “you”) by Bending Spoons S.p.A. (“we” or “us”), the parent company of Splice Video Editor S.r.l., when you use the Filmic Legacy mobile application (hereinafter “app”) or otherwise interact with us and this Privacy Policy is presented to you, in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 (as amended), and other applicable local laws, as amended or replaced (jointly, “Applicable Privacy Laws”).
If you are a California resident, please see
Section 11 (Additional Information for California Consumers)
below.
1. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
The Data Controller is Bending Spoons S.p.A., based in Corso Como 15, Milan, MI 20154 (Italy), VAT 08931860962. For any requests regarding the processing of your personal data, please email us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by sending an email to
dpo@bendingspoons.com
for any requests relating to the processing of your personal data or this Privacy Policy.
2. Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal Bases for Our Processing
We process the following categories of personal data, for the purposes and on the legal bases indicated below. Please note that not all of the below information may be deemed personal data in your jurisdiction in all cases.
Purpose
Legal Basis
Categories of Processed Data
To enable you to use the app and to provide you with its functionalities, including:
access to the device camera(s) for recording videos and taking photos
create an account and authenticate your access to the account
show information about the app and your editing or enhancing process
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of our contractual relationship (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information, identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS version, device language, device name, country set in the device settings, information about your interactions with the app, and unique identifiers, including IDFAor AAID) and other information necessary to enable you to use the app.
If you create an account or login with your Facebook, Google or Apple account, we may also receive the following information: first and last name, email address, profile image. By creating an account or logging in with your Facebook, Google or Apple account, you will be enabled to upload in the cloud storage photos and videos (including audio recordings) made through the app.
To improve our products and services (for example, by conducting statistical analysis or other research activities to optimize our features and provide you with new ones).
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to improve our products and services.
Identification and contact information you provide us (such as name, social media handle, or email address, when requested), identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address), and information collected or generated to improve the app’s functionalities (such as device language, information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app).
To ensure the quality and the proper functioning of the services by analyzing, preventing or correcting failures and bugs, illicit use or misuse of the services.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to ensure the quality and the proper functioning of the services.
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, device model, device type, device orientation and device resources, OS version, crash and error logs, name of the current app screen), inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app.
To comply with our legal obligations, including requests from public authorities.
The legal basis for the processing is compliance with legal obligations to which we may be subject (art. 6(1)(c) of the GDPR).
Any information which may be required by law or under the instructions of public authorities.
To process and respond to customer support communications and to requests for information you may raise with us.
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of our contractual relationship (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information you provide us (such as first and last name, email address) and the content of your communication or request.
To establish, exercise or defend our rights and those of our employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions).
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to establish, exercise or defend our rights and to carry out corporate transactions or operations.
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of these purposes.
To analyze your usage information, including your preferences, interests and behaviors when you use our products and services, to:
conduct surveys, statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services
maintain, optimize, and develop new features
find and group users with similar characteristics
advertise our products and services towards more users like you and reach out to inactive users with our ads
measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and make our advertising more relevant
customize information and marketing communications
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
Identification and contact information (such as name, email address, when requested), identifiers and Internet and network activity information that we collect (such as IDFA or AAID, and IP address), information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app.
The IDFA (on iPhone or iPad) and AAID (on Android devices) are unique device identifiers provided by the operating system of your device that allow advertisers to track and identify a user for advertising purposes. To disable this tracking:
From iOS and iPadOS 14.5, go to
Settings > Privacy > Tracking
and tap to turn off or turn on
Allow Apps to Request to Track
or permission to track for a specific app. On previous iOS or iPadOS versions, go to
Settings > Privacy > Advertising
and turn on
Limit Ad Tracking
button.
On Android devices, you can go to your device's
Settings
app or
Google Settings
app (differs depending on your device)
>
Services >
Ads
and turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization.
To carry out marketing activities, and send you information and marketing communications about our products and services such as tips, offers, and newsletters through emails and push notifications (only if you grant permission by enabling push notification on your mobile operating system settings).
The legal basis for the processing is your consent (art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Where your consent is not required, for example, where we use your email to send you information about products and services related to or similar to the app (“Soft Opt-In”), the legal basis is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information (such as name, email address), identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address), information we may receive from third-party advertising networks and platforms (such as unique identifiers, including IDFA or AAID), information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app (such as your responses and your voice in case you take part in our interviews).
To share your personal data with Google AdMob and its advertisers to serve ads.
You can find more information on how Google AdMob processes your personal data by visiting
Google’s Privacy & Terms
.
The legal basis for the processing is your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, unique identifiers including IDFA or AAID, crash logs and diagnostic information, performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage), information about your interactions with the app, and advertising data (such as advertisements seen), your ad tracking choices and consent to receive personalized ads (if granted), and inferences about your interests and preferences.
We may also assign a random code to your device and communicate it to the advertising content providers to ensure that you do not receive the same advertising content several times (please note that each code will only last 24 hours after which a new 24-hours code will be assigned and that, unless you have given your consent under Section 2.j) below, you will not receive personalized content).
To personalize the content of promotional communications relating to products and services offered by third parties on Google AdMob. You can find more information on how Google AdMob processes your personal data by visiting
Google’s Privacy & Terms
.
The legal basis applied to the processing is consent of the data subject (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, unique identifiers including IDFA or AAID, crash logs and diagnostic information, performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage), information about your interactions with the app, and advertising data (such as advertisements seen), your ad tracking choices and consent to receive personalized ads (if granted), and inferences about your interests and preferences.
You may opt out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting
Google's Ads Settings
.
3. Data Storage and Protection
Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated means and may be stored at our premises and on our service providers’ servers. We adopt technical and organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use and alteration of your personal data. In some cases, we may also adopt data encryption and pseudonymization measures. However, transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure, and you should not provide any personal data if you want to avoid any risk.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.a), 2.d), 2.e) and 2.f) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and, in each case, for no more than 10 years from the termination of the agreement.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.b), 2.c), 2.g) and 2.h) (as to Soft Opt-In) will be kept until you object to such processing. However, should you not exercise your right to object, personal data will be kept for such purposes for no more than 2 years from the termination of the agreement.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.h), 2.i) and 2.j) will be kept until you withdraw your consent to such processing. However, should you not withdraw your consent, personal data will be kept:
for the purposes referred to in Section 2.h), for no more than 2 years from the termination of the agreement, and
for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.i) and 2.j), for no more than 10 years from the termination of the agreement.
Except for any legal obligation that sets a longer data retention period, at the end of these periods, the personal data processed will be deleted or anonymized.
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal Data
It is mandatory for you to provide your personal data for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.a), 2.d), and 2.e). If you do not provide the personal data, you will not be able to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on your consent for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.h), 2. i) and 2.j), your provision of personal data is optional, and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not provide the personal data, you will still be able to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest for the purpose referred to in Sections 2.b), 2.c), 2.f), 2.g) and 2.h), you may, at any time, exercise your right to object to such processing as explained in Section 7 (Your Rights) below.
You can also manage how you share certain information with us by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device (such as
Limit Ad Tracking
or
Allow Apps to Request to Track
on iOS and iPadOS, or
Opt out of Interest-Based Ads
or
Opt out of Ads Personalization
on Android devices). You should refer to the instructions provided by your device’s operating system or its manufacturer to learn how to adjust your settings.
5. Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share or disclose your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
Vendors carrying out activities that are related or instrumental to our business and operational activities as outsourced data processors appointed in writing in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, or acting as autonomous data controllers (such as IT or storage service providers, mobile measurement partners, suppliers of mobile marketing services, and advertising networks and platforms).
If we carry out a corporate transaction or operation (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions), your personal data may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers, and may be one of the assets that is transferred to another owner.
Public, judicial or police authorities, within the limits established by applicable laws.
Personal data will not be disclosed for any reason other than those stated above, unless such disclosure is deemed necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation or if we request your consent.
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the UK or Switzerland to other countries outside the EEA. Such data transfers are based on appropriate safeguards in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, including (a) the standard contractual clauses developed by the European Commission; (b) the decisions of adequacy of the European Commission; or (c) binding corporate rules.
More information on the appropriate warranties are available for consultation by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
7. Your Rights
At any time and free of charge, you can exercise the following rights, as specified and subject to certain limitations and exceptions under Applicable Privacy Laws:
Right of access. You have the right to obtain information about the processing of your personal data and to access it.
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask for the updating, rectification or integration of your personal data.
Right to erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain a portable electronic copy of your personal data.
Right to object. Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the right to object to such processing, wholly or partly, on grounds related to your particular situation. In particular, you are entitled to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling.
Right to withdraw your consent. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent, although the processing carried out before your withdrawal of consent will remain valid.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent national Data Protection Authority, in particular before the Data Protection Authority of the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
To exercise your rights, or if you have any other questions about privacy or data protection at Bending Spoons, you can contact us by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request.
8. Children’s Personal Data
The app is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you believe we have received personal data from children under the age of 16, please email us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. If we learn that a user is under the age of 16, we will take reasonable steps to delete any processed data and close such user’s account.
9. Third-party Websites and Services
The app may include links to other websites or services operated by third parties. The activities described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to data processed by such third-party websites and services. We have no control over, and we are not responsible for, the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites and services.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify, integrate or update, in whole or in part, this Privacy Policy, and we will notify users of any modification, integration or update in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If we make modifications, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and, under certain circumstances, we may also notify you by additional means such as pop-up or push notifications within the app or our website, or email.
11. Additional Information for California Consumers
This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
a)
Additional Information Related to Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
We collect personal information from several sources: directly from you (for example, when you make purchases within the app or participate in a survey or contest); automatically when you use the app (for example, device information); and from other sources (for example, mobile measurement partners). We also generate inferences about you based on your use of the app and other information we collect.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law (such as gender if you participate in a survey); commercial information (such as purchases you make in the app); approximate geolocation information (such as country); audio and visual information; inferences; and other information that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For details about the personal information we collect, please see
Section 2 (Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal Bases for Our Processing)
above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes listed in the chart in
Section 2
above.
We may share your personal information with the categories of third parties as described in
Section 5
above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers, internet and electronic network activity information, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law; commercial information; approximate geolocation information; and other information that we have inferred about you or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.
We do not sell your personal information. We do allow our advertising partners to collect certain device identifiers and electronic network activity via our app to show ads that are based on your interests. If you prefer to limit this activity, your device may include a feature (such as “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS, or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile app used for interest-based advertising purposes.
b)
Rights of California Consumers
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to:
Request more details about the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we process.
Request the deletion of their personal information.
Opt out of “sales” of personal information that may be occurring.
Not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
If you’re a California consumer, to exercise these rights, or if you have any other questions about privacy or data protection at Bending Spoons, you can contact us by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. We may take steps to verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. California consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on their behalf and may also still ask them to verify their identity with us directly.
Last updated
: 16 November 2022
Can't find what you’re looking for?
Visit
the Support Center
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps