Privacy Policy
Welcome to our privacy policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
We thank you for trusting our information and we will always maintain this trust. The first step is to make sure you understand the information we collect, the reasons for collecting it, how it is used, and your choice of information. This policy describes our privacy practices in a concise language, keeping legal and technical terminology to a minimum.
I.
WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to our applications. For your convenience, we refer to these content as
“
applications
”
in this Privacy Policy.
II. NFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information you gave us
When you use the app, we may collect personal information about you. This information is necessary for the full performance of the contract between you and us.
We may collect some basic information about you so that you can better use our products, such as birthday, gender, age, spouse, etc. At the same time, you may be asked to agree to photo album.
Information we receive from others
S
ocial media. When you can use your Facebook, we may receive any information you provide. This data may include sharing our apps on your social network.
Other partners. We may receive information about you from our partners, such as the ads we display in our app.
Information collected when using our services.
We may collect some information about your activity in the app, such as how you use them (the features you've been using, search, click and display pages, reference URLs. Information about your wireless and mobile network connections, for example IP address, device ID and type, advertising ID, etc.
III
.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We hope that any information you collect can be used in one of the following ways:
Personalize your app based on the information you provide to better meet your needs;
We will continue to work hard to further improve our products based on the information and feedback received;
Your information helps us respond more effectively to your customer service requests and support needs;
We will not sell, exchange, transfer or provide your information to any other company or individual for any reason (public or private) without your consent, unless required by law.
Our collection of information is constantly improving our application and providing you with a new experience. As part of this task, we use your personal information for the following purposes:
(a) Provide our services. We use the information you submit and the information that is automatically processed to provide you with all requested services.
(b) Prevent fraud and spam enforcement. We really want our apps to be protected from spam and fraudulent content, making you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect and investigate fraud, security breaches, possible bans or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
IV
.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Affiliates
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
S
ervice provider
We may hire third party companies and individuals to manage and deliver applications on our behalf (eg customer support, hosting, etc.). These third parties may use your information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and prohibit the use or disclosure of your information for any other purpose.
Professional advisers
In the course of providing professional services to us, we may disclose your personal information to professional consultants such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurance companies.
Compliance with laws and enforcement; protection and security
The company may disclose your information to the government or law enforcement officials or private parties as required by law, and disclose and use information that we deem necessary or appropriate (a) comply with applicable laws and legal requirements and legal procedures, such as responding to subpoenas or government authorities. (b) the terms and conditions of the implementation of the management services; (d) the protection of our rights, privacy, security or property, and / or the rights of you or others; (e) protection, investigation and suppression of fraud, harmful, not Authorized, unethical or illegal activity.
Business transfer
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share part or all of its business or assets, including your personal information, involving commercial transactions (or potential commercial transactions), such as mergers, mergers, acquisitions, restructurings or sale of assets, or if In the event of bankruptcy, we will use reasonable efforts to require the recipient to comply with this Privacy Policy.
V
.
YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information and be aware of your privacy rights, so here are a few key points to remember:
Depending on your location you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
•
Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
•
Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
•
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
•
Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honour such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
VI.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We are concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we restrict access to this information to authorized employees who need to know this information in order to operate, develop or improve our application. Please note that although we strive to provide reasonable security for the information we process and maintain, there are no security systems that prevent all potential security breaches. You understand and acknowledge that your risk of submitting any such information via the Internet or posting it on a non-public (restricted or private) page is at your own risk.
VII.
HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We retain the information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as necessary to fulfill our business or operational purposes or comply with a legal request. We may also choose to analyze parts of the information we collect so that it can no longer be identifiable or attributable to any person if we want to keep it for longer periods of time.
VIII
.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we
will
immediately delete
the
r
elated information
. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we
can
do necessary actions.
IX. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
X
.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
If there is any change to our privacy policy we will not notify you in advance. So you are obliged to check the changes section of the privacy policy regularly.
XI
. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you are not clear or satisfied with our privacy policy, please contact us at
supports@nextstyletech.com
.