Penlo App Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
Pro App Company Limited Inc. ("Pro App Company Limited" "us" or "we") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Penlo
operates a service that allows you to
share your location
with other users in your family or friends, which we make available through our apps (the "Service"). This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and protection of personal information that is collected through our Service, as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information. Our Service is available in many countries, which may have different standards and requirements in respect of the information we provide in the Privacy Policy and how we use personal information.
Before accessing or using our Service, please ensure that you have read and understood how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information as described in the part of this Privacy Policy that is relevant to you.
2. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in our Terms of Use.

We collect the following types of information about you:
Registration and Profile Information
. When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, first and last name, email address, mobile phone number. We may collect a photo, if you or a Friend member associate a photo with your account. If you want to add a family member’s name to your account, we collect the family member’s name, email address, and mobile phone number. We may also collect billing information when you sign up for Premium service.
Data collected through use of the Service
. After you set up your account, we may ask for other profile and demographic information, such as personal emergency instructions and information, and nickname. You may also customize your map by labeling locations, such as “work” and “home,” to make it easy to spot your favorite places and to provide alerts when family members leave and arrive.
Geolocation
. We collect your location information through your IP address, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude/longitude) available through your mobile device. We may also gather information about your location using other technologies and sensors which may provide us with information about nearby devices, WiFi access points and networks, and nearby cell towers. If you enable the mobile app to use your Bluetooth signal, we may be able to determine location based on nearby Bluetooth-enabled devices, which helps us to improve location accuracy, identify other
Penlo
users and devices that have been in proximity to each other, and improve location updates for all devices in the
Penlo
network. Depending on your device settings, we collect location information in the background, even when you are not actively using the app. We collect and maintain location data to provide you the features and functionality of the Service.
Driving Event Data
. We collect, and may use a third party partner to collect, sensory and motion data from your smartphone or mobile device, including information from the gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth, in order to calculate and detect driving events such as speeding, hard braking, crash detection and other events. Your mobile device provider may refer to this information as “Motion and Fitness” data (description may vary according to device and platform). We may also share this information with third party partners for marketing, research, analytics and other purposes. If you want to opt-out of the collection of your sensory and motion, please adjust your settings in your mobile device to limit the app’s access to your sensory and motion data. Please see “Your Choices About Your Information” below to learn more.
Messages and User Content
. We collect information when you message other members of your Friend through use of the service. We may also retain any messages you send to us.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service and to communicate directly with you, such as to send you alerts on the movements of your Friend, crime alerts in your neighborhood, etc.
Social Media
. When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you Like us on Facebook or post a comment to our Facebook page, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to
Penlo
’s website or Service.
Identity verification
. In limited circumstances, we may use identity verification services provided by a third-party provider Berbix to verify your age and/or to obtain verifiable parental consent for your child to use the Service. When identity verification is required, we will ask you to upload an image of your valid government-issued ID along with a selfie image. Our identify verification provider will use a combination of machine learning tools and optical scans to authenticate your identity document, and may use facial recognition technology to produce a unique biometric identifier based on facial geometry that can be used to compare your selfie to the image on the identity document you provided to determine the likelihood that the images are a "match."
Penlo
does not receive the biometric identifier generated from the images. It is generated and held by our identity verification provider until the biometric identifier is no longer needed for the purposes described in this paragraph, which will occur no later than 60 days after your last verification interaction with us.   For identity verification and security purposes,
Penlo
may have access to the information extracted from the identity scan of the ID document (such as a name and partial driver’s license number) as well as the results of the identity verification process. We may use this process and associated information to verify your identity, authenticate your identity documents, confirm appropriate parental consent, and protect against fraud and misrepresentation.  We do not use, disclose or retain your biometric information for any other commercial purpose. Our third-party provider processes this information on our behalf strictly in accordance with our contractual agreements. Please note this service may not be available in all jurisdictions.
Information from third-party services
. We collect information from third party services that you connect to your
Penlo
account. For example, if you link your
Penlo
account to a voice assistant platform to enable interaction with our service through voice commands, such as through the
Penlo
Google Action (“Action”) available on Google Assistant-enabled devices, we will collect the queries and commands applicable to
Penlo
that you make through the Action or other voice assistant platforms.
Information we collect automatically through the use of technology
. When you visit our website, use our mobile app, read our emails or otherwise engage with us, we and our business partners may automatically collect certain information about your computer or device through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, “tracking technologies”), and we may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you. We use these tracking technologies to collect usage and device information, such as:
Information about how you access the Service, for example, referral/exit pages, how frequently you access the Service, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service, for example, the features you use, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase transaction information, your location when you access or interact with our Service, and other similar actions.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/ model/ manufacturer, operating system, phone number, mobile carrier, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, for example, a UDID, IDFA, Google Ad ID, Windows Advertising ID or other persistent device identifier or Ad ID), battery life, and other such information. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll.
We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google’s practices at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
, and view its currently available opt-out options at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
We use this information to (i) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (iii) track your location and movements; (iv) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (v) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our marketing campaigns; (vi) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns; (vii) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs; and (viii) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities; (xi) automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices; and (x) otherwise plan for and enhance our Service.
If you prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.  Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. These browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on non-cookie technologies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our Users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
We and our third party partners may also use information collected through tracking technologies for advertising purposes. Please see “Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising” below to learn more.
III. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information:
We share your personal information with third parties outside the Company and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates in some circumstances, as follows:
We share your personal information, including name, email, precise location and driving event data, with others within your
Penlo
Family and other
Penlo
friends. Depending on the features and functionality enabled, we may also share other information about your use of the Service with members of your Family, such as whether you have logged in on a new device.
We share your personal information with Arity 875, LLC (“Arity”), which provides driving analytics behavior services to enable us to provide certain functionalities of the Service, such as driving event history and crash detection. We may share geolocation and movement data, mobile device information (such as information generated by the gyroscope and accelerometer in your device) and application analytics, including IP address and device identifiers, driving event data and information provided by you during your registration of a
Penlo
account or as part of your use of our Services. Arity uses this information to analyze your driving behaviors, such as speed, change in speed and other aspects of how, how much, where and when you drive in order to predict driving risk and calculate a driving risk score. Arity also uses this information to improve its analytics and predictive driving behavior models and improving its service generally.
For US users only, Arity may use this information to provide personalized content including targeted advertising, offer discounts, rewards or pricing offers by third parties such as insurance companies, and for other commercial purposes. Please see “Your Choices About Your Information” to learn how you may be able to limit some of this data sharing with Arity. To learn more about how Arity’s use of personal information, please review the Arity privacy policy, which is located at
https://www.arity.com/privacy
.
We share personal information with third-party partners that provide certain features and services you may use in connection with our Service. For example, depending on the features of the Service you have enabled, we provide your personal information and location data to emergency responders in the event we detect a crash. We also share personal information with third party partners that provide services and features available through our Premium subscriptions, such as Emergency Dispatch services. The third parties that provide Premium service features may ask you for additional information in order to provide the full range of services to you. Any information provided to these third parties will be governed by that third party’s own privacy policy.
We share personal information with third parties that you have connected to your
Penlo
account to facilitate the features or services. For example, if you enable the
Penlo
Action on any Google Assistant-enabled device or use other voice-assistant services,
Penlo
will respond to any query received through the Action and disclose your personal information we well as the personal information (such as name, current location, and other data) of your Friend members through screen display or audio response. Google and the equipment the Google Assistant is installed on, may record your interactions with the Action and the response data in accordance with your agreements with Google. You are solely responsible for the use of the
Penlo
Action to access information about your Friend members on your Assistant-enabled devices, including in the case of any unauthorized access to your device by a third party, and for the consequences of enabling the Action on any of your devices.
Other users may share your personal information in certain circumstances. For example, if a member of your Friend enables the
Penlo
Action on a Google Assistant-enabled device, your personal information (including name, current location and other data) may be displayed on screen or via audio response on any device with the
Penlo
Action enabled. This means your information may be available to other individuals who have access to your Friend member’s Assistant-enabled device or who may overhear your Friend member interacting with the Action. To prohibit this data sharing, you must ask your Friend member to disconnect his or her account from the
Penlo
Action or you can leave the Friend.
We use the hCaptcha anti-bot service by Intuition Machines, Inc. (“IMI”) on our website to check whether the data entered on our website has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To do this, hCaptcha analyzes the behavior of the website or mobile app visitor based on various characteristics (e.g. IP address, how long the visitor has been on the website or app, or mouse movements made by the user). This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website or mobile app visitor enters a part of the website or app with hCaptcha enabled and hCaptcha may take place completely in the background in “invisible mode.” The information collected through hCaptcha is shared with IMI, which processes the information on our behalf. For more information about hCaptcha and IMI's privacy policy and terms of use, please visit the following links:
https://hcaptcha.com/privacy/
and
https://hcaptcha.com/terms
.
Any information or content that you voluntarily post to the website or to our Facebook page will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third party websites.
Other instances in which we may share your information:
We may also share your information for business purposes, as follows:
We may share your personal information with our third-party business partners, vendors and consultants who perform services on our behalf or who help us provide our Services, such as accounting, managerial, technical, marketing or analytic services, and to other third-party partners or service providers who contractually agree to process personal information solely as necessary to provide services or features to our users.
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as customer names and email addresses, and other user information related to the Service will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may also share, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings.
We may disclose personal information to third parties (including law enforcement, other government entity, or civil litigant; excluding our subcontractors) when required to do so by law or subpoena or if in our sole discretion, we determine it is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
Penlo
, our Users or others.
Our partners and service providers may also store your personal information outside your jurisdiction of residence. Accordingly, your personal information will be accessible to law enforcement and/or regulatory authorities according to the applicable laws of such jurisdictions.
De-Identified Information:
We may also share your information with third parties in a form that does not reasonably identify you directly.  These third parties may use the de-identified information for any purpose.
IV. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Penlo
cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
You may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through the Service, in which case
Penlo
may not be able to provide its Services to you.
Modifying Your Account Information and Settings:
You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information, or change your password at any time by logging in to your account. If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at contact@proapps.org.
Close Your Account or Delete Personal Information:
We retain your information for as long as your account is active or as reasonably necessary to maintain the Service, meet legal and accounting obligations, and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to close your account, and/or request to delete your personal information, please contact us at contact@proapps.org. When account information is deleted or de-identified, certain residual information may remain within our archive records, such as for customer and technical support, billing and tax purposes.
Emails and Notifications:
You can control your receipt of email and text alerts by visiting “Settings” and “Alert Options” within the mobile app. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in such communications. You may not opt-out of Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, parental consent notification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).  You may also unsubscribe from receiving SMS text messages by replying “STOP” to the number sending the message. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.
Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing:
As described in Section 2, we collect precise location data and driving event and movement data (such as accelerometer data, magnetometer data, gyro data, etc.) from your device to provide the
Penlo
Services, and may share your personal information, including location and movement data, with other
Penlo
users in your Family or other Friend you belong to, and with third parties for crash detection, research, analytics, attribution and tailored advertising purposes. You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings:
Limit location sharing with your friends.
You may turn location sharing “OFF” for one or more of your friends through your App settings.  If you turn off location sharing in one or more of your friends, we will not share your location with such Friends; however, we will continue to collect your location information in order to provide the Service (for example, to provide our emergency services, to share your location with the other Friends, or to provide location-based advertising). Note: if you press “Check In” or “Automated SOS” in the App, your location will update in
every
one of your Friends even if location sharing is turned off for one or more of your Friends.
Limit Drive Detection.
You can limit the collection and display of location and movement data through the Drive Detection feature in the in-App Privacy settings. When you turn Drive Detection “off,” your location is not visible to your Friends and your location and drive history will not show on Individual or Family Driver Reports. Please note that your
Penlo
app may not be able to provide all of our Services to you turn off Drive Detection. When Drive Detection is turned “off,” Crash Detection services will be disabled and safety services like SOS Help Alerts and 24/7 Dispatchers will not be available.
Limit data sharing with third party data partners through in-App Privacy Settings.
To opt-out of
Penlo
sharing personal information (including location and movement data) with data partners for targeted advertising, research, attribution and similar purposes, you can opt-out through the Do Not Sell My Personal Information page in the in-App Privacy & Security settings. If you opt-out,
Penlo
will continue to collect your device location and movement data and to share such data with your Friends and with third parties as needed to support and provide the
Penlo
services or other services you engage, but we will no longer share data about you with our third party data partners for their own advertising and other commercial purposes. Please note, some third party data partners may continue to send you location-based ads based on your previous location or may approximate your location based on other data.
Limit driving event sharing with Arity.
We share data with our partner Arity to support important App features like driving behaviour and Crash Detection. Arity also uses data for research, to improve its analytics and predictive driving behavior models and improve its performance generally. To opt-out of permitting Arity to use and learn from your data for its own research and to develop and improve its predictive behavior models and products and services generally, you can opt-out through the Driving Services page in the in-App Privacy Settings. To opt-out of permitting Arity to use data for its own commercial purposes, including marketing, advertising, and for US users only to provide and service insurance company products and ads, you can opt-out through the Do Not Sell My Personal Information page in the in-App Privacy & Security Settings.
Disconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings.
You may also be able to turn off device location data collection through your mobile device settings.  For example, depending on your mobile device, you may be able to “Turn location services ‘off,’ which restricts access to your device location data. You can also adjust your device settings to withdraw permission for the
Penlo
app to access device location data and/or motion data (depending on the device type, this may be called “Fitness and Motion” data), and you can also adjust your device settings to limit the app’s access to WiFi and Bluetooth information. Please note that your
Penlo
App may not be able to provide all of our Services to you if you disable access to location and movement data through your device settings.
Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising:
We may share information about your use of our Services over time, including location information, with third party ad networks, social media companies and other third parties so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites, apps or services, or on other devices or advertising channels. We may also display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and others. These third party ad partners collect and use information such as click stream information, timestamp, hashed email address, device ID or AdID, your use of third party applications and/or precise geolocation data and other information, and may combine this information with information they collect directly through tracking technologies or that they receive other partners, both online and offline, so that they may recognize you across other browsers or devices you use, including computers, mobile devices and Smart TVs. These third parties use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
To opt-out or control third-party tracking and advertising:
Interest-based advertising.
To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of the use of your personal information to inform and display targeted advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
, and/or the DAA’s resources at
aboutads.info/choices
. You may also manage certain advertising cookies by visiting the EU-based Your Online Choices at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Mobile advertising.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).  You may also be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.
Cross-device linking.
Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.
Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.
Google Analytics and Advertising
. We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at
https://google.com/ads/preferences
or by vising NAI’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
.
To opt
-
out of
Penlo
sharing data with third parties for advertising purposes
. To opt-out of
Penlo
sharing personal information (including location and movement data) with data partners for their own targeted advertising, research, attribution and similar purposes, you can opt-out through the Do Not Sell My Personal Information page in the in-App Privacy & Security settings. Please note, some third party data partners may continue to send you personalized or location-based ads based on your previous location or data they have collected from other websites and mobile apps.
VI. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY POLICY
Penlo
takes special precaution to protect the privacy of our younger users.
Penlo
does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 (a “child”) without verifiable consent of a parent or guardian and the Service is intended to be used by children under 13 only with significant parental involvement and approval.
If
Penlo
learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has a registered account with our Service without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing contact@proapps.org so that we may delete that child’s personal information from our systems.
By enabling your child to create a user account and permitting your child to use the Service, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Children's Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child's personal information as described herein.
Personal information we collect.
We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use the Service. As further described in our Privacy Policy above, we collect various types of personal information from all users of the Service. For example, we collect profile information (username, email address and mobile phone number) when a user creates an account and other types of personal information the user may provide during the course of using the Service, such as a nickname, favorite location, and emergency contact information.  We collect information about a user’s device (e.g., IP address, device type/model/manufacture / operating system, and a unique ID that allows us to identify the browser, mobile device or account, such as a UDID, IDFA, Google AdID or similar)  as well as certain usage information about the use of the Service (for example, whether the user opens emails) and we collect analytics data. We collect geolocation data through the device IP address, WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS coordinates available through the user’s mobile device and through technologies and sensors that may be nearby. We also collect driving event data through sensory and motion data sensors in the user’s mobile device (e.g., data from a smartphone’s gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth) in order to calculate and detect driving events such as hard braking, speeding and crash detection. Please review the section of our Privacy Policy called “How We Collect and Use Information” to learn more.
Information sharing.
Penlo
may share or disclose a child’s personal information our third party vendors, service providers and business partners as described in our full privacy policy, including, for example, with third parties as needed to analyze and detect driving behavior data, perform analytics or otherwise , support the features and functionality of our Service such as crash detection. However, we do not share or sell personal information collected from the accounts of children under 13 for marketing or advertising purposes, nor permit our third party partners to collect and use such information for advertising purposes. Please review the section of our Privacy Policy called “Sharing of Your Information” to learn more about how we share information with our vendors, service providers and others.
Sharing information with other
Penlo
users.
The child’s profile information and location will be shared with other members of the Family and any other Friend the child joins. Please note that if your child joins any other Friends, the child will be able to share his or her location with other members of that Friend and may exchange messages with those Friend members. You are responsible for monitoring your child’s account and location-sharing activity through the Service and for blocking or permitting location sharing features.
VII. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
X. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Penlo
may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how
Penlo
will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.
XI. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to
              contact us at
contact@proapps.org
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.arity.com/privacy:
Skip to content
Privacy statement
Arity Privacy Statement
Effective date:
November 1, 2024
At Arity, we understand your privacy is a top priority. This Privacy Statement describes the privacy practices of Arity, LLC and Arity 875, LLC (“Arity”, “we” or “us”). While this Privacy Statement addresses data privacy requirements from across the globe, some parts of this Privacy Statement apply to certain regions, states, or countries only. We urge all visitors to our site to read this Privacy Statement in its entirety.
Use this Table of Contents to link directly to a specific section of the Privacy Statement.
About Arity
Personal information we collect
Sources of personal information
Use of information
Business client’s use of information
Sharing your information
Retention of personal information
Privacy practices for select Arity products
Cookies and other tracking technologies and settings
Privacy rights and choices
Social media, links, and external sites
Security
Children’s personal information
Specific information related to users in the EU, EK, EEA, and Switzerland
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Statement
About Arity
Arity is a technology company focused on making transportation smarter, safer, and more useful for everyone. Arity transforms large amounts of data into actionable insights to help better predict risk and make smarter decisions in real time. Arity provides services directly to consumers and indirectly through companies such as mobile application providers and insurance companies to capture and understand driving behavior. Arity also provides some products only to business customers, referred to as business clients, for their own purposes. Arity designs its products and services with privacy and data protection in mind.
Arity works with many different business clients such as mobile application providers, website publishers, vehicle manufacturers, and insurance companies. When working with these business clients, Arity may collect information directly from consumers or the business client may collect the information and share it with Arity.
Personal information we collect
Arity collects both personal and non-personal information about you. Personal information (also referred to as personal data in some jurisdictions) is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked (directly or indirectly) with you. In contrast, non-personal information does not and cannot reveal an individual’s identity such as information that has been deidentified or aggregated.
Please note that the type and amount of personal information collected from or about you will differ based on the products, features, and services you use, your relationship with Arity, and the country in which the products, features and services are provided. In certain circumstances, Arity may collect personal information about you in its role as a service provider on behalf of its business clients. When Arity acts as a service provider, the collection and use of personal information is subject to the privacy policies of the business clients and not this Privacy Statement.
We collect the following categories of personal information:
Geolocation data:
Includes geolocation coordinates, including latitude, longitude, and altitude, your direction of travel, Wi-Fi access points, and the time the information was recorded.
Personal identifiers:
Includes name, alias, postal address, phone number, fax number, date of birth, partial social security number, vehicle identification number (VIN), unique device or personal identifier, online identifier – such as Mobile Ad ID, internet protocol (IP) address, and email address.
Personal characteristics:
Age, marital status, gender, education and occupation, employment status, household income, household size, household children, community type and other demographic information.  For transparency, we collect some demographic information for research purposes including race and ethnicity.
Commercial and service related information:
Services purchased, obtained, considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. If Arity’s services are provided in connection with an insurance product (provided by an insurance company or employer), we may also receive the following information: Insurance policyholder demographic information and policy information, insurance claims data, motor vehicle records and consumer report data, including credit score.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (including mobile app information):
Includes browsing history, search history, information regarding your interaction with our website, mobile apps, and advertisements we facilitate, links you use, referral pages or web pages you visit while visiting our websites, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), and cookies. It also includes mobile app and device usage information (e.g., frequency of use, application marketplace from where you downloaded the mobile app, operating system, device model and time zone) and driving behavior (e.g., phone handling, miles, speed, and if a mobile app detects a collision, information about the collision).
Multimedia Information:
Audio, electronic, or similar information.
Inferences:
Inferences drawn from personal information collected to create a profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and driving habits and behavior. For example, Arity may derive miles traveled, acceleration, deceleration, braking behavior, cornering, speed, and trip routing from information coming from your mobile device or vehicle, including location data.
Sensitive personal information:
Some personal information we collect is defined under the law as sensitive personal information. The sensitive personal information we collect includes precise geolocation information. When engaging in market research surveys, we may also collect race and ethnicity.
Sources of personal information
We collect personal information about you in several ways and from several sources. Personal information is collected from the following sources:
Directly from consumers via our websites, emails, phone conversations, third-party mobile apps, Arity’s mobile app (Routely®) or devices installed in vehicles. For some products, Arity embeds its technology in its business clients’ mobile app, allowing Arity to collect geolocation and related driving behavior information directly from consumers.
From Arity business clients via their mobile app or other device or directly from the business client (not via the mobile app) in connection with services you’ve requested from the business client such as vehicle manufacturers. For example, a business client may provide Arity with information not collected from an app that would help Arity better develop its models.
From other parties such as our corporate affiliates, data brokers, service providers, and marketing companies.
Directly from consumers during or in connection with an interview, survey or similar interaction.
From third parties when Arity is acting as a service provider. Arity often acts as a service provider to business clients and collects and uses certain additional personal information only in connection with performing services on behalf of those business clients. The use of this information is subject to the privacy practices of those business clients and not this Privacy Statement.
Use of information
Arity’s use of your information differs based on your services, features and products and your country of origin. See
Specific Information Related to Users in the EU, UK, EEA and Switzerland
below for details about the collection and use of data from data subjects in the European Union, United Kingdom, European Economic Area or Switzerland. See also
Privacy Practices for Select Arity Products
below for more details about the differences in data usage for certain products.
Personal information may be used for business purposes including to:
Create, deliver or improve our services, features and products.
We may use your personal information to create, deliver or improve our services, features or products. We use personal information to perform actuarial studies, model development, and statistical analysis to create and refine our risk, driving behavior, and advertising models and analytics that allows us to create, deliver or improve our products and services, including providing services to our business clients. Our services, features and products, such as telematics features within a mobile app (Routely® or a business client’s app, for example), may be provided directly to you in connection with your relationship with one of our business clients or may be provided to you by or through the business client. We also use personal information to improve or repair our services, features and products, including addressing bugs or other issues.
Facilitate a business client’s services, features and products:
Arity’s services, features and products are provided to you, directly or indirectly, in connection with a relationship you have with one of our business clients and facilitate the business clients’ services or products. These services, features and products, that rely on Arity’s use of your personal information may include:
Creating insights on driving behavior based on geolocation and other driving related data, which is provided to our business clients for purposes of the business client providing you a service or product such as insurance, family or friendship groups or weather and traffic information, which may include providing some of those insights to you;
Providing functionality in Routely® or a business client mobile application, such as providing you with navigation services or information on how to improve the safety of your driving;
Providing you with towing and repair options or contacting emergency personnel;
Providing you offers for products and services that may interest you based on your location and driving habits.
Conduct analytics and research.
We also use personal information to conduct research and analysis for purposes of product development, enhancement or improvement to products and services or for other reasons in the public interest. Where possible, we use deidentified information for model development and analytics and have implemented practices to limit the use of personal information for analytics purposes.
Targeted advertising.
We use personal information, including device identifiers, to create segments of similar individuals to help advertisers serve you interest-based advertising based on geolocation information, insights derived from driving behavior, and demographic information. We use this data to serve ads through our advertising platform and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Note that Arity does not collect or use personal information from the Routely® app, insurance provider apps or from individuals in certain jurisdictions to serve targeted ads; however, Arity may collect personal information such as device identifiers, demographic information, or inferences from other non-insurance related business clients or other data providers for this purpose.
Improve, develop and analyze our websites.
We use personal information to analyze, improve, develop or deliver our website using algorithms, analytics software and other similar methods and analyze how visitors use our website to improve the website and enhance and personalize your experience. We collect some information used for these purposes using analytics software, cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about the collection and use of this information, see
Your Privacy Choices
.
Communicate with you about your service, feature or product.
We may use your personal information to communicate with you about a service, feature or product, respond to customer service requests, or to investigate, respond to, and resolve issues or complaints or other inquiries. We may also provide you confirmations or other service or product related messages. Communication may be via text, email or other available methods such as push notifications.
Provide marketing communications.
We may use your personal information to serve you ads or customized content on the internet, send you promotional communications about products, services, features, and options we believe may be of interest to you. We may send communications via email or other methods.
Comply with legal requirements and protect the safety and security of our business, services, and sites.
We may use your personal information to comply with laws, regulations or other legal obligations, to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property or the rights of third parties or enforce terms and conditions. We may also use your personal information to prevent suspected fraud, threats to our network or other illegal activities, prevent misuse or for any other reason permitted by law. We may use your personal information to protect our company, our affiliates, our customers, our network and our websites and mobile apps.
Update or correct our records.
We may use personal information collected about you from you or other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data to update our records.
Business client’s use of information
Arity shares your information with its business clients as part of your purchase, or use, of services from those business clients. Those business clients include, but are not limited to, insurance companies as well as mobile app providers who track the location of members of a defined group or who provide weather related information. If you have purchased an insurance product offered by an Arity business client, then your information may also be used by that business client to calculate insurance rates or rewards provided under the product or service. Our insurance company business clients may also use your information to update their pricing and underwriting models. All such use of your personal information by our business clients is subject to their privacy policies and not this Privacy Statement.
Sharing your information
We may share personal information about you for several reasons and with different parties including with service providers and other third parties. We may also share your personal information with our affiliates for business purposes consistent with the uses described in this Privacy Statement.
For all personal information that can reasonably be aggregated or deidentified, Arity will take steps to do so before sharing with unaffiliated third parties. This means that we will take steps to alter that personal information such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you or relate the information back to you. For any personal information that cannot be completely aggregated or deidentified, we take steps to modify the information before sharing to remove information such as name, account number, address, or unique vehicle identifiers when possible. Before sharing such deidentified or modified information with unaffiliated third parties, Arity contractually prohibits third parties from taking any steps to reidentify the data or relate any deidentified personal information back to you and also contractually limits the purposes for which they can use the information. In some cases, we may share personal information such as your name, address, and contact information with third parties at your direction for the purposes of obtaining insurance quotes. When we share information, we strive to work with companies that share our commitment to privacy.
We may share your personal information for business purposes or as required or permitted by law with:
Business clients:
We share your personal information with our business clients through which you receive Arity’s features, products or services. For example, when using our Routely® mobile app or a business client’s mobile app that has Arity’s technology embedded, information is shared with our business client for purposes of servicing the product or service you have requested from that business client. If you are using our Routely® mobile app as a driver relative to your employer’s usage-based commercial insurance policy, information may be shared with your employer. We may also share your contact information provided via one of our websites with our business clients so that they may contact you to offer their products and services.
Service providers to Arity:
Personal information may be shared with service providers who perform services on our behalf for a business purpose including service providers that:
provide marketing and advertising, email or other communication services;
provide services that support our online activities including providing tracking technologies, web hosting and analytics;
provide tax and accounting, legal services, delivery, and data enhancement services;
provide technology services and enhance security, privacy and fraud protections;
provide analytics services or conduct research or actuarial studies; and
provide support to our operations.
Marketing and advertising partners
: On certain websites, Arity permits third party online and other marketing and advertising partners to collect information from you directly to facilitate online advertising of Arity’s services. See the “Cookies and other tracking technologies and settings” section below for more details about these activities.
Third parties in connection with a business transaction:
Personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all of our company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons:
Personal information may be disclosed to third parties, as required by law or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe such action is necessary to:
comply with the law and the reasonable requests of regulators, law enforcement or other public authorities;
protect our or others safety, rights or property; and
investigate fraud or to protect the security or integrity of our websites and mobile apps or any product or services.
We share the following categories of personal information with the following parties:
Geolocation data:
Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Personal identifiers:
Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Personal characteristics:
Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Commercial and service related information:
Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (including mobile app information):
Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Inferences:
Business clients; Service providers to Arity; Marketing and advertising partners; Law enforcement or regulators; Third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Retention of personal information
We retain personal information in accordance with applicable laws or regulatory requirements and also for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and to fulfill the business or commercial purposes that are explained in this Privacy Statement. Refining and developing statistical models relies on information collected over a long period of time, and this information is stored until it is no longer needed to provide products or services to you and to develop and refine our models. Where possible, we keep this information in a pseudonymized format. We retain Mobile Ad IDs and geolocation information used to serve targeted advertising for up to 3 years from the date of collection. When no longer needed, we delete or deidentify the personal information. We review our data retention policies periodically and comply with local legal requirements.
Privacy practices for select Arity products
Targeted advertising service:
Arity collects geolocation and driving behavior data, and we may use that information to link driving behavior information to device identifiers, demographic information or other personal information to help serve targeted advertising and measure advertising effectiveness. Learn how to opt out of targeted advertising including by opting out of the sharing or selling your personal information by visiting
Your Privacy Choices
.
Arity is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), and we adhere to the NAI Codes of Conduct. To learn more about the NAI and the Code of Conduct please visit
The NAI Code of Conduct
.
Arity IQ
℠
network:
Arity Services, LLC, is a consumer reporting agency regulated by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) that delivers an Arity driving score or driving behaviors to an insurance company for its use in providing you with insurance quotes, rating, and underwriting. We furnish personal information to Arity Services, LLC, which uses the data to create a consumer report. With your consent and upon your request, Arity Services, LLC will share this consumer report with an insurance company.  For information on your rights under FCRA relating to this product including how to submit a consumer request, visit the
Arity Services Data Support Center
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies and settings
Tracking Technologies used online:
When you visit certain Arity websites or use our mobile apps, we, our third party marketing and analytics providers operating, may automatically collect information about your use of and access to these websites and mobile apps using a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons (also called “clear GIFs” or pixel tags), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, analytics, remarketing and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”).
We and our third-party marketing and analytics providers (such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Meta, Microsoft and DemandBase) use these tracking technologies to help us provide users with an enhanced and more customized web experience. Additionally, we and our marketing and analytics providers use tracking technologies, analytics, and other technologies to monitor visits to our websites. This information may also be combined or linked with personal information we collect directly from you. The information collected in this manner includes:
The websites which linked you to, or away from, our websites, how frequently you visit the websites, your interaction with emails we send, pages you visit on our websites, and the ads you view, or your location when you access our websites, recordings of mouse clicks, mouse movements, keystrokes, and other communications you make on our sites;
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, such as your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, unique device identifiers or advertiser ID, and other similar information, and
Analytics information collected by us or via third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the websites and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
For additional details about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, including how not to accept cookies, see
Your Privacy Choices
.
Use of the information:
The information collected through tracking technologies allows us to provide you with an improved, enhanced and personalized customer experience, to monitor and improve our website and for other internal purposes such as:
Provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content across other mobile applications and websites, communications and advertising,
Identify and contact you across multiple devices,
Provide and monitor the effectiveness of our sites,
Perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our sites,
Diagnose or fix technology problems,
Detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and
Otherwise to plan for and enhance our sites.
Your choices regarding cookies:
For our sites containing cookies or pixels that enable targeted advertising, you may update your cookie preferences by accessing the “Cookie Settings” link within that site’s
Your Privacy Choices
.
You may also opt-out by enabling a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences through browser settings such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). All website visitors, regardless of residency, can opt-out of this sharing. Most browsers will also allow you to manage cookies in your browser settings to disable or block cookies, remove existing cookies, automatically accept cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie. These settings are browser or device specific, and options available may vary by browser. However, if you disable, modify, or reject cookies, some parts or functionalities of our site may be inaccessible or not function properly. For example, disabling cookies may require you to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions. Also, if you clear your cookies on your browser or make selections using a different device or browser, you may need to redo your cookie settings.
Some browsers offer a setting called “Do Not Track.” Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we may not be able to respond to all “Do Not Track” signals from your browser.
Collection of information from mobile devices:
Geolocation and other driving behavior information is collected via mobile apps only when Location Services is enabled on your device. Other permissions through the operating system of your device may also be required for our services or products to function properly. If enabled, our Routely® mobile app or our business client’s mobile app may collect location data in the background of your device in order to understand your driving behaviors even while you are not engaging with the Routely® app or our client’s mobile application. Disabling the location services functionality on your mobile device may impact your app’s services.
Privacy rights and choices
You have specific rights under certain state privacy laws.  These rights differ by state and by the type of products and services you have with Arity. For example, rights under certain state laws do not apply to personal information that is regulated by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
California, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Texas, Oregon, and Virginia Residents
California residents have rights to access, correct, and delete their personal information as well as other rights described below. Similar rights exist for Connecticut, New Hampshire, Texas, Oregon, and Virginia residents.
Right to know and access your personal information
:
You have the right to request the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you and the right to know:
the categories of personal information collected;
the categories of sources from which personal information was collected;
the business purpose for collecting the personal information, and
the categories of third parties with whom we disclose or share personal information.
Right to deletion of personal information:
You have the right to request we delete the personal information collected about you, subject to certain exceptions including that we need the personal information to:
Complete a transaction or provide a good or service you requested, or take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify or repair errors that impair functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation, or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to correct personal information:
You have the right to request we correct any inaccurate information we have about you. We may request that you provide documentation to support your request and we will correct your information unless we determine that the personal information is more than likely accurate.
Non-discrimination rights:
We don’t discriminate against you if your exercise any of the privacy rights described in this privacy statement.
Submitting a request:
To submit a request, visit our
online webform
or call us at 1-800-654-1412. Responses to a verified request may take up to 45 calendar days, or longer depending on the nature of the request. If additional time is needed, we will notify you of the additional time. We may only respond to two access requests within a 12-month period.
Connecticut, New Hampshire, Texas, Oregon, and Virginia residents
: If we are unable to fulfill your request to access, review, delete or correct your personal information, we will respond to you explaining why. If you would like to appeal for additional review of our inability to fulfill your request, visit our
appeals webform
.
Sharing or sale of personal information:
We do not sell personal information for monetary value. For our Targeted Advertising Service, we utilize personal information such as device identifiers to provide you with relevant, targeted advertising, build advertising models and monitor the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. We do not disclose personal information to third parties as a part of this service without your consent. On some Arity websites, we allow third-party pixels and other tracking technology which enables the sharing of personal information about website users with third parties for the purpose of serving you interest-based advertising. This sort of online advertising is called cross-context behavioral advertising under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) or targeted advertising under other state laws.
CCPA provides California residents the right to opt-out of the “sharing” of your information for cross-context behavioral advertising. Connecticut, New Hampshire, Oregon, Texas, and Virginia residents have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for the purposes of targeted online advertising. Regardless of where you live, you can learn how to opt out of this “sharing” for targeted advertising by visiting
Your Privacy Choices.
Use and sharing of sensitive personal information:
Arity uses sensitive personal information (precise geolocation data) and shares insights derived from that information for targeted online advertising. California residents have the right to limit this use of your sensitive personal information. Regardless of where you live, you can learn how to limit this use by visiting
Your Privacy Choices
.
Consumer request metrics:
The following lists the number of access, deletion, correction and data sale/share opt out requests Arity received, complied with and denied from residents of California in 2023 and the average number of days it took to complete a request. Please note that these metrics do not include requests made to our Business Clients.
2023 Data Access Requests
Number of requests received
6
Number of requests complied with in whole or in part
0
Number of requests denied
6
Average days to complete a request
2
2023 Data Deletion Requests
Number of requests received
30
Number of requests complied with in whole or in part
5
Number of requests denied
25
Average days to complete a request
3
2023 Data Correction Requests
Number of requests received
0
Number of requests complied with in whole or in part
0
Number of requests denied
0
Average days to complete a request
0
2023 Data Sale/Share Opt Out Requests*
Number of requests received
20,104
Number of requests complied with in whole or in part
20,104
Number of requests denied
0
Average days to complete a request
7
*Number includes all “CCPA Opt Out Tool” global opt out requests received by the DAA’s AppChoices tool.
Social media, links, and external sites
Links to other companies’ websites may be provided on the Arity website as a convenience to you. If you choose to go to these external websites, you will be subject to the privacy practices of those external websites; Arity is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website to read the privacy policies or statements of every website you visit, as those privacy policies or statements may differ from ours.
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and Widgets, the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Security
We recognize the importance of keeping your personal secure. We use a combination of reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. However, no website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof”. So, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
We limit access to your personal information to those who need it to do their jobs. We comply with all applicable federal and state data security laws.
Children’s personal information
We do not knowingly gather personal information or market products or services to children under the age of sixteen. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child without the required parental consent, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such data from our records.
Specific information for users in the EU, UK, EEA, and Switzerland
This section applies to personal information (referred to in this section as personal data) collected from users in the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland or otherwise subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our legal basis for processing:
For personal data that we process in connection with any products or services we offer to you or our business clients, we will generally process that personal data (i) based on consent, (ii) in order to take steps at your request, or (iii) for our legitimate interests in providing our services to you or otherwise in supporting the business needs.
Your Access and Choices:
You may have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Rectify any inaccurate personal data that we hold about you;
Have your personal data erased under certain circumstances;
Have the processing of your personal data restricted where you dispute its accuracy, if you think its processing is unlawful, if you otherwise object to its processing, or when we no longer need your personal data and you need it in relation to a legal claim;
Have access to your personal data, and the right to receive copies of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transfer those copies to another data controller, under certain circumstances;
Complain to your national data protection regulator if you feel that any of your personal information is not being processed in accordance with the GDPR.
To exercise your rights to access, rectify or erase your personal data, you can submit a request to
privacy@arity.com
.
Use of your personal data for analytics and profiling:
We use your personal data to assist in our development of predictive driving models. We may profile your personal data only for the purposes of creating a driving score (“Driving Score”), which is used for our analytics purposes to develop and validate our predictive driving models.  To develop our predictive driving models we gather information about your driving behaviors, such as speed, change in speed, and other aspects of how much, where and when you drive to predict driving risk.  These driving behaviors may be combined with other demographic or geographic information about driving risk for certain locations, which incorporate relative risks.
However, we take steps to remove all personal data that is not necessary to the predictive driving models. So, while your Driving Score incorporates your GPS location data, it will not be directly connected to your name, contact information, or vehicle information unless we have obtained your explicit consent to do so in advance.
In addition, we do not do any of the following without obtaining your prior explicit consent to do so:
Use personal data or Driving Scores to make automated decisions that have significant effects for individuals, because individuals are not identifiable within the data set;
Use any insights, model output, or Driving Scores with personal data for any purpose other than internal analytics or our predictive driving models; or
Use your profile or Driving Score to advertise to you.
After pseudonymizing the Driving Scores, we may share the pseudonymized Driving Scores with business clients. Please refer to the business client’s privacy notices for the products and services you have elected to use for details about their privacy practices.  Other than sharing pseudonymized Driving Scores with business clients, we do not share Driving Scores with third parties, unless we are required pursuant to lawful legal process.
Your Driving Score will in no way impact the availability or your use of our products or services.
Your right to withdraw consent:
If you withdraw your consent, we will stop processing the relevant personal data except to the extent we have other grounds for processing under applicable laws. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. You may withdraw your consent at any time; however, Arity will not be able to provide or continue to provide products or services to you.
There may be cases where restrictions on the amount of data that can be disclosed to data subjects under applicable law (for example, if that would necessarily involve disclosing data about another person). Arity is permitted to withhold some types of personal data in certain circumstances, subject to applicable local law requirements. If there is a dispute, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section. In addition, data subjects have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. The name and contact details of the supervisory authorities in the European Union can be found at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
Contact us:
For questions about the collection of personal data by Arity, or to exercise the right to access, correct, update, or delete such data or object, for legitimate purposes, to the processing of personal data, as provided under applicable law, please contact us at:
For users in the UK:
Arity
Attn: Data Protection Representative
10 Mays Meadow
Belfast, Country Antrim, BT1 3PH
Northern Ireland
For users in the EU, EEA, and Switzerland:
Email:
eurep@arity.com
Please note: When sending inquiries to us, we may need additional information such as the business client you have engaged for which we collected data to better assist you.
Personal data transfers:
Transfers of personal data outside of the EU, UK or EEA must meet certain legal requirements. Arity relies on Standard Contractual Clauses that have been approved by the European Commission to comply with these requirements. Under the GDPR, Arity acts as data controller with respect to such transfers. Arity also ensures it uses corresponding Standard Contractual Clauses with any vendor that it engages in connection with the processing of any of your personal data that is subject to these transfer requirements.
EU-U.S., Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, and UK Extension Data Privacy Framework:
Arity complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Arity has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Arity has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Accountability for onward transfer:
Where Arity transfers personal data as provided above to a third party, we will do so consistent with the notice provided to you and any consent provided (if applicable), and contractually require the third party to process the personal data for limited and specified purposes consistent with the lawful basis for processing, and provide us notice of any concerns with its ability to comply with these promises. We will also contractually require the third party to stop processing personal data or take other reasonable and appropriate steps to in the event it cannot meet its data protection obligations. Arity remains liable under the DPF Principles where any third-party service provider processes personal data subject to its DPF certification in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, except where Arity is otherwise not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Recourse, enforcement and liability:
Arity’s participation in the DPF Frameworks is subject to investigation and enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission. Arity commits to address inquiries, requests to exercise your rights under applicable law, or resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. In compliance with the DPF Principles, after you have contacted us at the email below, if we are unable to resolve your concerns, Arity has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Further, under certain circumstances, data subjects may also be able to involve binding arbitration before the DPF Panel to be created by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission. Arity may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact us
If you should have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us through the below methods.
Please note: When sending inquiries to us, we may need additional information such as the business client you have engaged for which we collected data to better assist you.
For users in the U.S. and other users (outside of Switzerland, the UK, European Union, and EEA):
Email:
privacy@arity.com
Mail: Arity
Attn: Data Protection Officer
PO Box 227238
Dallas, TX 75222-7238
United States of America
For users in the United Kingdom:
Arity
Attn: Data Protection Representative
10 Mays Meadow
Belfast, Country Antrim, BT1 3PH
Northern Ireland
For users in the European Union, EEA, and Switzerland:
Email:
eurep@arity.com
To request that you no longer receive business-related promotional e-mails from Arity, please email us at
info@arity.com
.
If you opt out from receiving marketing emails, we may still send you transactional, non-marketing emails such as emails about your products or services, responses to your requests and inquiries, or notices of updates to terms and conditions or our privacy practices.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may periodically update or revise this Privacy Statement. The effective date at the top of the document shows when this Privacy Statement was last revised. We will let you know when we update the Privacy Statement by changing the date or other appropriate means.
Sub-policy 2
https://hcaptcha.com/privacy/:
DE
-
ES
-
FR
-
PT
-
PT (BR)
Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 5, 2025
Welcome to hCaptcha! This Privacy Policy describes the practices of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI", "we" or "us") regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information (including Personal Information, defined below) through our website at www.hcaptcha.com and any other subdomains or domains we use (the "Sites") and the hCaptcha application program interface and related software and materials (collectively, the "Service").
Not Applicable to Third Party Websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, offering, product or service of any third party, even if it links to our Site or incorporates the Service – please refer to the applicable privacy policies before deciding to provide any information to third parties.
A Note to Customers Outside the United States.
IMI is based in the United States. The Sites and Service are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites and Service you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
‍
A Note to California Residents
. Please see our "Notice to California Residents" section related to your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of Personal Information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details within this Privacy Policy.
‍
A Note to European Economic Area Residents.
Please see our "Notice to EU Data Subjects" section related to your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and our Data Privacy Framework notice below.
Note that IMI is the controller of your personal information, except where we process personal information on behalf of our Integrators in connection with the provision of our Service, in which case we are the processor/service provider of personal information, and those Integrators are the controllers/businesses of the personal information.
‍
Where we act as a processor/service provider for our Integrators, we do not use the personal information collected for any purpose other than as reasonably necessary to provide our Service, and our processing will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our Integrators, not this Privacy Policy
.
If a contract we have with an Integrator refers to, or incorporates by reference, this Privacy Policy, any personal information we process on behalf of the Integrator will be subject to the Data Processing Addendum, not this Privacy Policy.
In some cases, we may license our software to Integrators and/or operate it within their environment on their behalf, in which case we are solely a licensor of software and only their terms and privacy policy shall apply to such personal data.
We may reference or describe some personal data collected from End-Users throughout this Privacy Policy. However, these disclosures are for informational purposes only and, for clarity, the processing of End-User personal data is governed by the agreement we have with our Integrator customers, not this Privacy Policy.
Processing of EU Data Subject data operates under the legal basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) integrated within the Data Processing Addendum to our Terms of Service or Data Processing Agreements with our Integrators.
If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. We will, however, provide assistance to our Integrators to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them.
‍
Data Privacy Framework
‍
Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Scope:
IM adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to personal data of individuals in the European Economic Area member states, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to the personal data of individuals in Switzerland ("Covered Individuals") processed by Intuition Machines, Inc. as part of providing our Services ("Personal Data").
Data processed:
IM provides cloud security services that may be included in other websites and apps, or used within the customer's server environment. In providing these services, IM seeks to minimize collection and retention of data, and maintains no long-term data about End Users of IM services, but may process the following Personal Data of Covered Individuals in the United States:
Communications metadata (e.g. information on originating IP address or other identifier, date and time of interaction);
Contact information for our customers and their employees with access to the Services, and similar registered user data; and
Service support ticketing information (contact detail for individuals initiating the support request and any other personal data shared as part of the support request).
Purposes for which data is used:
IM may use Personal Data for providing, managing, supporting, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services, as otherwise instructed by the IM customer or other data controller who transmitted, received, or stored the data, or in accordance with contractual requirements. IM may also use Personal Data for other purposes for which the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual’s consent.
Inquiries and complaints:
If you are a Covered Individual and believe that IM maintains your Personal Data within the scope of our EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, or Swiss-U.S. DPF certifications, you may submit any privacy or data use concerns concerning such data by emailing support@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
IM will respond within 45 days of receiving the communication. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
If neither IM nor our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration as provided under the Data Privacy Framework Program. See Data Privacy Framework website at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Third parties who may receive Personal Data:
IM may disclose Personal Data to its affiliates, as well as to a limited number of third-party business partners, service providers, vendors, suppliers and other contractors (collectively, "Service Providers") for the purpose of assisting us in providing, managing, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services. IM maintains contracts with these IM affiliates and Service Providers restricting their access, use and disclosure of Personal Data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and IM may be liable if such parties fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We also may share or disclose Personal Data to the extent that the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual's consent.
Your rights to access, to limit use, and to limit disclosure:
Covered Individuals have rights to access their stored Personal Data and to limit its use and disclosure. With our Data Privacy Framework certification, 8x8 has committed to respect those rights. If you are an Covered Individual and you wish to request access to or to limit use or disclosure of your Personal Data, please contact us by email to privacy@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
U.S. Federal Trade Commission enforcement:
IM's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission or the applicable United States authorized statutory body.
Compelled disclosure:
IM may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, or administrative or judicial process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
‍
‍
Information We Collect
We collect information from individuals who interact with our Sites and Services, including those who incorporate our Service into their website ("Integrators"), those who utilize the services for data labeling ("Customers"), and the end users who interact with our Service through the websites of our Integrators ("End-Users").
We collect the following categories of information:
Information that can be used to identify or contact an individual ("Personal Information"), such as name, email address, and country. We collect Personal Information from our current and prospective Integrators and Customers when they give it directly to us (for example, by filling in a form when signing up for an account, or applying to receive email notifications from us). We may also verify the identity of our Integrators and Customers by comparing personal information against third party databases or official legal documents.
Information collected automatically as a result of an Integrator’s or Customer’s use of the Sites or the Services ("Analytics Information"), such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp of access, and other similar information. Some Analytics Information is collected on our behalf by third parties we engage for that purpose, and some Analytics Information is collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies (see "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" below).
Information collected as a result of End-Users answering prompts through the Service ("Labeled Data"), such as image labeling data, text converted from audio files played to those End-Users, answers to questions, and other prompts generated by the Service for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning applications. Note that Labeled Data is not tied to any identified individual.
Other information collected from End-Users as part of the Service to that is required to determine whether they
are human, such as mouse movements, scroll position, keypress events, touch events, and similar information as applicable.
We may collect additional information from End-Users who wish to work with us as Individual Data Labelers.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To administer Integrator and Customer accounts and provide the Service. We use Personal Information in order to associate specific accounts with  Integrators and Customers and to provide them the Service, to respond to requests or inquiries, to provide support or technical assistance, and to facilitate payments.
To improve to Site and the Service. We use Analytics Information to improve our existing and develop new services and offerings and to customize existing and future product offerings.
To derive market insights. We use Analytics Information to analyze the market and conduct business analyses related to the Site and our Services, and for other research purposes.
To provide a market for Labeled Data. Our Service enables high volume data labeling and human review for machine learning systems as a service to website owners and companies who need help getting their data labeled. To that end, we disclose Labeled Data to our Customers interested in acquiring Labeled Data.
To secure our services and systems. We use Analytics Information to secure our systems by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, and to otherwise protect the information we collect.
For any legitimate business purpose, provided that the information is de-identified or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
How We Share Information
We share or disclose personal information in the following cases:
Upon direct request from an Integrator to identify the fraud risk of a specific CAPTCHA challenge request or IP address, or otherwise where specific consent was given.
With vendors we engage to provide essential aspects of the Sites and the Service, such as data storage, hosting, and Analytics, and only for those purposes.
As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests, law enforcement requests, and otherwise to public and private entities in order to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others.
With others for any legitimate business purpose, provided the information is de-identified
or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies
As discussed above, we (and our third party vendors) collect Analytics Information in part through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. In some instance, we work with third party vendors to employ cookies for the purposes of collecting Analytics Information.
We use Sentry to collect debugging data when a user experiences an error. For information on how Sentry collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use Cloudflare to optimize our web traffic. For information on how Cloudflare collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use TypeForm to conduct surveys. For information on how TypeForm collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
If you would prefer not to block the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, please see "Managing Your Information," below. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Sites or Service, as some features may not work properly.
How We Secure Information
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store, and require all agents who carry out our processing on our behalf to do the same. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Warranty Disclaimers
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Site and the Service (and any other associated services, information, data, features, and other content or materials) are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, IMI excludes all warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Managing Your Information (Your Rights)
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
• Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information (the right to know);
• Access to and Portability of Your Personal Information, including: (i) obtaining access to or a copy of your Personal Information; and (ii) receiving an electronic copy of Personal Information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format (also known as the “right of data portability”);
• Request Correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
• Request Deletion of your Personal Information;
• Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws),  if we “sell” your Personal Information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in “profiling” in furtherance of certain “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects” concerning you (as such terms are defined by applicable privacy laws); and
• Appeal our Decision to decline to process your request.
Please note that listing these rights above does not mean that we necessarily undertake any activity in which they would be relevant or applicable. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at: support@hcaptcha.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
Please note that IMI is not able to fulfill requests it receives from individuals regarding Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of its Integrators. If you have a request related to Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of an Integrator, please contact the relevant Integrator directly.
‍
If you would prefer to block cookies or other tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices all you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. You may also use third party tools, including browser plug-ins, to control your cookie preferences. Note, however, that if you disable all cookies, some portions of our Sites may not function properly.
Information from Children
Our Sites and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it. Please contact us if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13:
support@hcaptcha.com
Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
This remainder of this Notice to California Residents only applies toIMI’s processing of Personal Information that is subject to theCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) ("
CCPA
") where IMI is acting in its capacity as a "business". The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of Personal Information IMI has collected about them, and whether IMI disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by IMI
Identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Commercial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Professional or employment-related information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in "Information We Collect", "How We Use Information", and "How We Share Information" above, respectively. We will retain Personal Information in accordance with the time periods set forth in "Data Retention."
Additional Disclosures
Disclosure Regarding "Sales" of Personal Information under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "sold" any Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sale" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure Regarding "Sharing" for "Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising" under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "shared" any Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sharing" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age for "cross-context behavioral advertising".
Disclosure Regarding Opt-Out Preference Signals. IMI does not "sell" Personal Information or "share" Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" so it does not respond to opt-out preference signals.
Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information.
IMI only uses and discloses
sensitive P
ersonal Information for the following purposes:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at IMI and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf,may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PersonalInformation. You may also make a verifiable consumer request onbehalf of your minor child. To authorize an agent, provide writtenaurization signed by you and your designated agent and contact usat
support@hcaptcha.com
for additional instructions.
Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling your request submitted under the CCPA.These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with you, opening a link sent to the contact information provided, and following the instructions on the website you are taken to.
‍
Notice to EU Data Subjects
Personal Information
With respect to EU data subjects, the term "personal information" as used in this Privacy Policy is equivalent to "personal data" as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Sensitive Data
Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents.
Legal Bases for Processing
We only use your personal information as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described below. If you have questions about the legal bases under which we process your personal information, contact us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Processing Purposes
To communicate with you
To optimize our platform
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety
To provide our service
‍
Legal Basis
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We attempt to consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by any adverse impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Processing Purpose
‍
With your consent
‍
Legal Basis
Where our use of your personal information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, you have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out
Stop sending you direct marketing communications which you have previously consented to receive. We may continue to send you Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
Access
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
Delete your personal information.
Transfer
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
Data Subject Access Rights Requests
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at support@hcaptcha.com or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator at
this
location.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
As described in our "A Note to Customers Outside the United States" section, please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those in your country of residence. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Sites or using our Service.
Use for New Purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we may notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we may seek your consent for any unrelated purpose and allow you to terminate your use of the service at that time if you object.
Data Retention
We store your Personal Data securely throughout the life of your account with us. We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. The criteria we use to determine storage periods include the applicable contractual provisions that are in force, legal statutory limitation periods, applicable regulatory requirements, and industry standards.
While retention requirements vary by jurisdiction, information about our typical retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are described below.
Contact information you provide to us for marketing purposes, for example by subscribing to our e-mail newsletters, is retained until you unsubscribe or otherwise opt out as described in this Privacy Policy. In that scenario, we will retain data required to comply with your preference indefinitely, for example by hashing or otherwise storing your email address in our suppression list to avoid sending you any future marketing emails.
Email and phone information collected from Accessibility Users will never be used for marketing purposes.
Mobile device (IMEI) and mobile number details collected from you by us and where we are the controller of this data will not be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes.
Records of communications with you (e.g. support tickets opened via email or Twitter) may be kept indefinitely.
Information collected via technical means such as cookies, webpage counters and other analytics tools is discarded as soon as practical, but may be kept for a limited period of up to one year from expiry of the cookie, typically in a de-identified and aggregated form unless we detect potential abuse of our service, in which case we will retain that information to aid us in preventing future abuse. We are unable to link this anonymized and aggregated information to you, your household, an IP address, or any personal information based on the information stored.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Cookie Policy
Last updated: July 18, 2020
We understand your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Sites and Service.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. We and our analytics or service providers, marketing partners, and affiliates may use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Sites has the best possible experience. Please see the "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" section of our Privacy Policy for more details.
GDPR Note
: we believe the hCaptcha anti-bot service (i.e. the Service embedded by websites, games, or mobile apps) includes only so-called "consent-exempt" cookies pursuant to GDPR regulations. Examples of such exempt cookies include:
* Technical cookies strictly necessary for the provision of the service. These include preference cookies, session cookies, load balancing cookies, etc.
* Statistical cookies managed directly by us (i.e. first party, not third-party cookies), where the data is not used for profiling.
This is not legal advice, and no warranties are provided regarding this analysis. If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
‍
The hCaptcha.com and BotStop.com websites (the Sites) may include additional cookies, as described in this Policy.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list below.
We update this list periodically, so there may be additional cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Sites or in emails to help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize new or past users.
To store your login session information if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
To integrate with third party social media websites.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising.
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our Customers and Integrators.
Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Sites, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you need to properly use the Sites. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Sites so you may access it as you have requested and let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.
We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional Cookies enable certain parts of the Sites to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect information on how Customers, Integrators, and End-users use our Sites, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or "persistent," which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the cookie. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Sites are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.
How to disable Cookies.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit https://www.knowcookies.com/ for detailed guidance.
We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Sites may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects", including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.
Cookie(s) Disclosure
Name:
1. hmt_id
Function
1. Used for strictly necessary anonymous service-related statistics, and for other technical purposes like assisting in accessibility support.
Party
1. 1st party
Type
1. Session
Duration
1. 30 days
Names:
INGRESSCOOKIE,
__cfduid,
__cflb,
session,
sessionid
Function
2. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: load balancing, routing.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
2. 1st party
Type
2. Session
Duration
2. Varies; up to 30 days.
Name:
hc_accessibility
Function
3. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: enables Accessibility User use.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
3. 1st party
Type
3. Session
Duration
3. Varies; up to 30 days.
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Impressum (Site Notice)
Last updated: December 23, 2020
hCaptcha is a service of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI"), a Delaware US Corporation (#6393793).
Mailed inquiries may be sent to: Intuition Machines, Inc., 350 Alabama St, San Francisco, CA 94110.
Note while local COVID-19 orders remain in effect there are no guarantees that mail will be received in a timely manner, and email (support@hcaptcha.com) is the correct channel to reach us. The company does not maintain telephone or fax numbers; this is the 21st century.
Information about the current management of the company may be obtained on the About page. The company's current CEO is the managing director responsible for content.
Regulatory authority: US Federal Communications Commission, 45 L Street NE, Washington, DC 20554 USA.
IMI does not commit to, nor is it obliged to participate in, the alternative dispute resolution for consumer disputes in front of a consumer dispute resolution entity.
European Commission official website for Online Dispute Resolution:
‍
http://www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
‍
‍
No guarantees regarding content
All information contained on our internet pages has been validated by IMI or a third party. However, neither IMI nor third parties can be held responsible for information being current, accurate, or complete. This also applies to other websites which can be reached via hyperlinks on our pages. IMI accepts no responsibility for the content of these external websites.
No advice
The information provided on the internet pages does not represent individual advice and cannot replace this. If you need individual advice, please contact our support staff.
Use of this site
The content and design of our web pages are protected under copyright law. Duplication of the pages and their content in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use requires prior written consent from IMI if there are no other legal provisions specified for duplication on the page.
Copyright
All text, images, graphical animation, videos, music, sounds and other material on these pages are protected under copyright law by IMI or third parties if specified. It is forbidden to copy or modify this material for commercial use in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use.
Responsibility for this website
IMI is responsible for this website.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com