E-mail:
privacy@janbark.com
Privacy Policy
JanBark Technologies. APPS (“Service”, “JanBark Technologies.”, "we," "us," or  "our") collects information from you in order to provide better  service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and  this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
What  information we use from MOBILE APPS and their PERMISSIONS and how we use it:
Read  phone status and identity
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller  name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take pictures and videos
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS  to  use your device's camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
Approximate location (network-based)
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users' location. This information is untraceable.
Read your contacts
JanBark Technologies. APPS does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in JanBark Technologies. APPS search bar.
Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used only in the JanBark Technologies. APPS to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to delete app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Read the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to view app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Set an alarm
This permission allows users to access the device's alarm through JanBark Technologies. APPS clock widget.
Find accounts on the devices
JanBark Technologies. APPS does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. JanBark Technologies. APPS only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. JanBark Technologies. APPS provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
Change network connectivity
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to change/check network connectivity.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
Full network access
This permission is used to access the device's network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels.
View network connections
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
View Wi-Fi connections
TThis permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
Access Bluetooth settings
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings, in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.
Pair with Bluetooth devices
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings, in order to pair with Bluetooth devices.
Close other apps
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster.
Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS Boost in order to view the running apps.
Run as startup
JanBark Technologies. will run as startup to provide users with a launcher service.
Draw over other apps
This permission allows the JanBark Technologies. APPS Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
Control vibration
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
Adjust your wallpaper size
This permission allows users to crop JanBark Technologies. APPS wallpaper to the desired size.
Set wallpaper
This permission allows users to set a selected JanBark Technologies. APPS  image as their wallpaper.
Read sync settings
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS power's save mode, and allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.
Toggle sync on and off
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS power's save mode, and allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to synchronize with the user's sync settings.
Expand/collapse status bar
This permission is used for the gesture feature of JanBark Technologies. APPS User System to expand and collapse the status bar.
Install shortcuts
This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use JanBark Technologies. APPS related functions.
Measure app storage space
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
Modify system settings
This permission is used in JanBark Technologies. APPS settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
Read Home settings and shortcuts
This permission is used to acquire the user's Home settings and shortcuts, in order to maintain user preferences.
Uninstall shortcuts
This permission allows JanBark Technologies. APPS to delete the shortcuts created by JanBark Technologies. APPS in other Android launchers.
Photos/Media/Files
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Test access to protected storage
When user recommends friends to download JanBark Technologies. APPS by sharing to social network, we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won't access other file on SD card.
Device & app history
Retrieve running apps
We use this information to boost your Android phone effectively, clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth.
Third Party SDKs
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may work with partners who use mobile SDKs, including the Firebase or OneSignal Messaging SDK, to passively collect information (collectively, "SDK Information"), which generally helps us deliver personalized notifications. This data may also be used to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers for the purposes of customizing ads or content. Depending on the permissions granted to this application, this information may include personally identifiable information (PII) including your e-mail address. This information may also include precise location (i.e. GPS-level data) or WiFi information, apps you have installed and enabled, and your mobile identifier (e.g., Android Advertising ID).
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options
a. Opting-out of Firebase or OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device "Settings" and clicking on "Notifications," and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
b. Opting Out of "Cross-App" Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called "cross-app") mobile behavioral advertising, by accessing the "settings" on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device, selecting Ads, and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to that disclosure.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits user who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as "California Privacy Policy Disclosure Information."
How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
How we share your information
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or JanBark Technologies..
Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
JanBark Technologies. may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please contact us on our Facebook page:
http://www.facebook.com/JanBarkTechnologies
or email us at
privacy@janbark.com
© 2014-2025 All Rights Reserved | JanBark Technologies.