GET CARI Privacy Policy
Last version: 5/10/2022
Your privacy is important to us, so we have developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, store and delete your personal information when you are using the GET CARI digital online marketplace platform
(the
Application
).
You should review the entirety of this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions before using the  GET CARI website and application. If the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, do not use or continue using the GET CARI website and Application and/or submit your personal information.
The Application is meant to provide  you access to a wide range of groceries and related products and services through independent providers. The Application facilitates online procurement of these products and services and, therefore, must, as is the case with providing such products and services, collect relevant personal information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. You may be asked to provide your personal information (pursuant to our Terms and Conditions) when uØsing the Application and website. GET CARI and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and the independent providers and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy in providing you with our products and services. GET CARI and its affiliates may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not obligated to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases you may not be able to secure the products or services that you require or receive a response to any queries you may have.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information GET CARI may collect and how we may use it:
What personal information we collect
When you create an account on the Application, download a software update, register to receive our newsletter, connect to our services, or contact us, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, date of birth, work and home addresses, phone number, email address, contact preferences, device identifiers, Internet Protocol (IP) address, location information, credit card information and profile information
.
When you register a minor under your guardianship and thereby share another individual’s personal information with us (which we will assume you have obtained permission or have the authority to do), GET CARI may collect the information you provide about those individuals such as their name, date of birth, home address, email address and phone number. GET CARI will use such information to enable you to access the relevant product or service, or for anti-fraud purposes.
We may ask for government issued identification when you create an account on the GET CARI application, for the purpose of verifying your identity or as required by law.
How we use your personal information
With your consent, we may process your personal information to enable the Providers of the services on offer on the Application to provide you with products and services, for the purposes described in our Terms and Conditions of use and this Privacy Policy, for compliance with a legal obligation to which GET CARI is subject, for the performance of a contract to which you are party, in order to protect your vital interests, or when we have assessed it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by GET CARI or a third party to whom it may be necessary to disclose information. If you have questions about this legal basis you can
contact
+965-22204362
.
The personal information we collect also allows us to keep you updated on our latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. If you do not want to be on our mailing list, you may opt-out at any time by modifying your account settings.
We also use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes. We may also use your personal information for account and network security purposes, including to protect our products and services for the benefit of all our users. Where we use your information for anti-fraud purposes it arises from the conduct of an online transaction with us. We limit our uses of data for anti-fraud purposes to those which are strictly necessary and within our assessed legitimate interests to protect our customers and our services such as during the conduct of an online transaction with us. For certain online transactions we may also validate the information provided by you with publicly accessible sources.
We may use your personal information, including your date of birth, to verify identity, assist with identification of users, and to determine appropriate products and services. For example, we may use date of birth to determine the age of the GET CARI account holders.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about orders made, purchases made and changes made to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with GET CARI, you may not opt-out of receiving these communications.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as for auditing, data analysis, and research to improve GET CARI’s products, services, and customer communications.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we may collect and how we intend to use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, unique device identifier, referrer Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), and location where the services are used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, the services on offer, and advertising.
We may collect information regarding customer activities on our application or website and from our other products and services. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and store details of how you use our products and services and the services on offer on the Application including search queries. This information may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address.
With your explicit consent, we may collect data about how you use your device and our applications in order to help our application developers improve our applications and products.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Cookies and Other Technologies
The GET CARI Application, website, services, online services and email messages may use “cookies” and other technology such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
GET CARI does not engage with advertisers. Therefore, GET CARI domains will not include any paid advertisements.
The GET CARI domains may also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, services, products, online services and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with GET CARI more convenient and personal. For example, knowing your contact information, hardware identifiers, and information about your computer or device helps us personalize your operating system and provide you with better customer service.
If you want to disable cookies, you may modify your browser settings. Please note that if you disable the cookies you will alter your experience with our application and certain features of the GET CARI Application and website will not be available once cookies are disabled.
As is true of most internet based services, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date and time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base. GET CARI may also use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the GET CARI website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website or Application. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages. Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format a customer can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Disclosure to Third Parties
GET CARI will, in certain circumstances, provide third parties with certain of your personal information in order to administer or provide the services that you are requesting, including ordering of products and services with service providers or purchasing other products and services, or to improve our services, or to have products requested or ordered delivered to you. When we do, we require those third parties to handle it in accordance with relevant laws. Personal information will never be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. For example, when you create a GET CARI account and place an order  with a service provider, you authorize GET CARI and such service provider to exchange the information you provide during the GET CARI account activation process in order for the service provider to provide the products and services, including information about your device. If your order is accepted, your interaction will, among other things, be governed by GET CARI and the service provider’s respective privacy policies.
Service Providers
GET CARI shares personal information with individuals and companies who provide grocery products and related services, fulfilling of customer orders, delivering of products to you (pursuant to our Terms & Conditions), management and enhancement of customer data, processing of information processing, provision of customer service, assessment of customer interest in our products and services and conduct of customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your information and may be located outside of Kuwait.
Payments
The products and services obtained via the GET CARI Application and website are paid services which are processed through third-party processors. GET CARI will store your payment card details and that information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors, whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy, during an online transaction. These payment processors typically adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard and American Express. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The third-party payment processors we work with is MyFatoorah.
Others
It may be necessary by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within Kuwait for GET CARI to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you, but only where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect you or our operations or users. This could include providing information to public or governmental authorities. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
Protection of Personal Information
GET CARI takes the security of your personal information very seriously. GET CARI’s online services such as the Application and website protect your personal information during transit using encryption and other data security measures that are internationally recognized. When your personal data is stored by GET CARI, we use computer systems with limited access housed in facilities using physical security measures. The data we collect is stored in encrypted form including when we utilize third-party storage. It should however be remembered that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and infallibility.
You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit to others online or offline. GET CARI will not take responsibility for your decision to make any personal information public.
Integrity and Retention of Personal Information
GET CARI makes it possible for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes it is collected for and as outlined in this Privacy Policy. When assessing this period, we carefully examine the reason such personal information was collected and if we establish a relevant need we only retain it for the shortest possible period to realize the purpose of collection unless a longer retention period is required by law.
Access to Personal Information
You can help ensure that your information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date at any time. For the personal information we hold, we will provide you with access, including a copy, for any purpose including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if GET CARI is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. We may also decline aspects of deletion or access requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes as described earlier. Unless restricted by law or otherwise, you may request from us the deletion of your personal information. That information will be removed from our active database. However, GET CARI reserves the right to keep and use de-identified data as permitted under this Privacy Policy. A request for deletion may be sent to support@getCari.com
.
Children
Individuals under the
age of 18
are not permitted to create their own GET CARI accounts, unless their parent or guardian have provided verifiable consent, and such individuals must be placed under a parental account. In such case, the parent or guardian must review the
Application Platform and website Terms and Condition
and this Privacy Policy before they can begin the GET CARI account creation process for their child. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of an individual under 18 outside the above circumstances, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Location-Based Services
To provide location-based services on the Application where applicable, GET CARI and our partners and licensees, may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your device’s approximate location. Unless you provide consent, this location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by GET CARI and our partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services. For example, your device may share its geographic location with the Application when you opt-in to their location-based services. Some location-based services offered by GET CARI require your personal information of such nature for the feature to work.
Third-Party Sites and Services
The GET CARI websites, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties. Information collected by third parties from you, which may include your personal information is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties before engaging with them.
International Transfer of Information
All the information you provide may be transferred to or accessed by other entities as described in this Privacy Policy. GET CARI will take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Regional Availability
Please note that the GET CARI Application and services are exclusively available for usage within the Gulf region, including Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates. Access to and use of the GET CARI platform is restricted to users located within these countries. If you are outside this region, you will not be able to create an account, log in, or use the services provided by GET CARI. This regional restriction ensures compliance with local regulations and allows us to offer tailored services to our users within the Gulf region.
Our Company-wide Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all GET CARI employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about the GET CARI Privacy Policy or data processing, or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at
+965-22204362.
All such substantive contacts receive a response within seven (7) business days wherever possible - providing a response on the issue raised, requesting additional information where necessary or indicating that a response will require additional time.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such change at the earliest next reasonable opportunity. If a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
GET CARI may update its Privacy Policy from time to time and on an as-needed basis. When we change the policy, a notice will be posted on the Application and our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. We may also contact you via your contact information on file, for example by email, notification or some other equivalent method to inform you of such change.
OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Kuwait Support:
For any queries or assistance, please contact us on +965 2220 4362 or through email
hello@getcari.com
Saudi Arabia Support:
For any queries or assistance, please contact us on +966 11506 3000 or through email
hello.uae@getcari.com
United Arab Emirates Support:
For any queries or assistance, please contact us on +971 487 28432 or through email
helloksa@getcari.com
Global Support:
For any queries or assistance, please contact us on +965 2220 4362 or through email
support@getcari.com