Please click
here
if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
Privacy Policy
Granite Media FZE. (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy as a user (“User”).
Scope
This policy applies to your use of:
Queens Don’t Quit application software, accessed through our website (“
app.maevemadden.com
") or through our mobile application(the “App”) which can be downloaded to a device (“Device”) from app-stores.
Any service(s) accessible through the App (the “Service”).
You will be bound by this privacy policy(the “Policy”) once you have registered to use the App.
This Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The operator is Granite Media FZE, Dubai World Trade Centre, Dubai, UAE.
As a User, you may be able to access your account via several platforms, such as our website, our mobile application downloaded to your Device and other platforms that we may develop from time to time (the “Platform”). This Policy will extend to your use of the App across the Platform unless otherwise expressly stated.
Information We May Collect from You
We may collect and process the following data about you when you download the App and as a User:
Information you give us (“Submitted Information”)
You may give us information about you by filling in forms on the App. This includes information you provide when you register to use the App, download or install the App, subscribe to or avail of any of our Services, share data via the App’s social media functions, enter a survey or report a problem with the App or our Services. You may give us information about you by corresponding with us (for example, by e-mail or chat). If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. The information you give us about you may include the following:
your name;
address;
e-mail address;
phone number;
your Device’s ID;
age;
username, password and other registration information;
financial and credit card information;
personal description and photograph;
date of birth; and
gender.
Information We Collect about You and Your Device (“Automatically Collected Information“):
Each time you use the App we may automatically collect the following information: technical information, including the type of device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your Device’s IMEI number or the MAC address of the Device’s wireless network interface), network information, your operating system, the type of browser you use, time zone setting and device locale dddd(the “Device Information”);
information stored on your Device which includes but is not limited to login information, photos, videos, other digital content and check ins (the “Content Information”); and details of your use of the App which includes but is not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources/employers/employees that you access (the “Log Information”).
Information we receive from other sources (“Third Party Information”):
We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, personal trainers, course providers, recruiters, employers, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and other similar parties) (“Third Party”) and may receive information about you from them.
Uses Made of the Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Submitted Information:
to help Users efficiently access their information after they sign in; remember information so that Users will not have to re-enter it the next time they use the App; offer of Services; deliver relevant advertisements;
Device information:
to facilitate the provision of App updates, App support, push notifications, other related services and to improve the features and functionality of the App;
Content Information:
to offer customised content, including but not limited to Services, courses or advertisements;
Log information:
to provide, improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of the App and to monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic and demographic patterns;
Location information:
to collect and process information about the User’s physical location to provide the Services;
Third Party Information:
to offer and deliver information on Services, targeted advertisements, promotions and other similar initiatives by Third Parties;
Other Integrated Services information:
you may integrate your account with Third Party services such as Facebook, Instagram etc. (the “Other Integrated Services”). If you do, we may receive, use and share the categories of information described above, including information made publicly available on or through your account with such Other Integrated Services, in accordance with this Policy. Any information which you provide to Other Integrated Services will be in accordance with that service’s privacy policies;
We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Policy for as long as it is combined; and
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with anonymous aggregate information about our Users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Submitted Information
Affiliates and Third Parties may use this information to help provide, improve and offer Services to Users.
Log Information
Third Parties that help provide the App and Services.
Third Party information
Third Party advertisers to allow Third Party networks to deliver Services and targeted advertisements.
We may disclose your personal information to other members of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to Third Parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If Granite Media FZE. or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a Third Party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request; and
In order to:
enforce agreements or to investigate potential breaches; or protect the rights, property or safety of Granite Media FZE, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff or contractors operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. These staff or contractors may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the App or certain parts of it, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or from the App; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorised employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the App and the Services. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. We may collect and store personal data on your Device using for example application data caches and other technology. Certain Services may include social networking, chat room or forum features. Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other Users.
Your Rights and Managing Your Information
You have the right to access information that we hold about you. You can exercise this right by submitting a written request
privacy@maevemadden.com
. You may also access your personal data by logging into the App and viewing your profile section on the App where such data will be contained. If you would like us to delete your personal data, please contact us at
privacy@maevemadden.com
. and we will respond within a reasonable time.
Please note that some or all of the Submitted Information may be required in order for the App to function properly. You may withdraw consent for us to process your data at any time. You also have the right to request us to amend the information that we have about you and can do so by contacting us at
privacy@maevemadden.com
.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any Third Party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
privacy@maevemadden.com
.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority with regards to us processing your data. You have the right to ask us to restrict processing your data in the following situations:
where you contest the accuracy of your data;
where the processing is unlawful and you do not want us to delete your personal data; or
where we no longer need your data for the purposes of processing but you require the data in relation to a legal claim or claims.
When you exercise this right we may only store the data. We may not further process the data unless you consent or the processing is necessary in relation to a legal claim or to protect the rights of another person or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you before the processing restriction is lifted. You can exercise this right at any time by contacting us at
privacy@maevemadden.com
. The App may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to, websites on which the App or the Services are advertised). If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
Data Retention Policy
We will retain your personal data for as long as you use the App and for a reasonable time thereafter.
Privacy Policy for Young People
Children under the age of 14 are not eligible to use the App and must not attempt to register with Queens Don’t Quit and/or submit any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 14 or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 14, we will delete this information as soon as reasonably possible. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us at
privacy@maevemadden.com
. We recommend that children between the ages of 14 and 17 seek their parents or legal guardian’s permission before becoming a User and/or submitting any personal information to us.
Changes to Our Policy
Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page within a reasonable time and where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail or when you next start the App. The new terms may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to continue your use of the App or the Services.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
privacy@maevemadden.com
.