Last updated: Feb 5, 2024
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Peersyst. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.peersyst.com (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
Email Address.
When you request information from us by entering your email address on our Website, we collect this information to respond to your query and provide you with the information or services you request.
Cookies
(or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Usage Data.
We collect anonymized usage data reflecting your behavior on our Website, such as pages visited, time spent on pages, and other interaction metrics, through cookies and similar technologies to improve functionality and user experience.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To improve our Services, performance, and user experiences through the use of automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, and other analytic means. These tools help us better understand how our Site and Services are used and enable us to enhance your experience.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Analytics and Tracking Technologies
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site and our Services. We may also use other analytics means to evaluate our Services. These tools help us improve our Services, performance, and user experiences by providing us with insights into how our Site and Services are used. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. While these tools collect information such as your device and location, we do not share your personal information with these third parties.
Your Data Protection Rights
At Peersyst, we ensure you have comprehensive control over your personal data. You have rights to access, rectify, erase, restrict processing of your information, object to processing, and the right to data portability. Should you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via the provided details.
Third-Party Links
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites, which are not governed by this privacy policy. We assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites. You access these external sites at your own risk.
Data Security
We are committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure with security measures designed to safeguard your data.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent’s consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to other websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time. Any changes will be posted on this page, with the effective date updated accordingly. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically for any changes.
Contact us
For any questions or comments about this policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
By email: info@peersyst.com