Privacy Policy
About us
Church Services TV (CSTV) is an organisation that provides livestreaming, recordings, uploading of videos and use of outside broadcasting. Its aims are to connect and build communities around the world and to allow Parishes and Christian churches to spread the Good News worldwide.
CSTV provides high quality live streaming over the internet since 2005. Through this service daily church ceremonies and family events such as baptisms, communions, weddings, funerals, concerts or other activities inside the church can be live streamed, recorded, downloaded and replayed anytime from anywhere. CSTV was designed for non-technical users and can be remotely controlled even from smart phones or tablets. This allows parishes to turn on or off the system, set up schedules and recordings and track viewer statistics, by authorised church personnel.
As broadband is required, Church Telecom is on-hand to provide this service if required.
As an extension of CSTV, we offer Parish TV which allows parishes to upload existing videos, to share them within the wider community and even to broadcast from outside the church premises using smart phones, tablets or camcorders, with mobile broadband.
CSTV, together with Parish TV, allows parishes to spread their voice and activities to an unlimited audience. The live streaming, from inside the church or even from outside, is shown on the parish website as well as on the CSTV site.
CSTV is part of the Church Support Group which, along with Church Telecom, Catholic Ireland.Net and Staffroom, provides integrated and tech services to the faith world organisations.
Your main rights as a data subject are:
To request both a copy of your personal data hold by the data controller (in this case CSTV) and that CSTV update or delete your personal data or preferences.
To submit a complaint with the Data Protection Commission.
More information:
dataprotection.ie
and
www.gdprandyou.ie
What information do we collect and how do we collect it?
Our databases are mainly formed with information on the public domain as well as formed by data subjects who freely provide us with their contact details through the Contact Form on this website. Therefore, we do not store personal information unless the data subject provides to us for business purposes only.
Our contacts are always able to Unsubscribe from our marketing communications if they wish so.
We also collect information according to our Cookie Policy.
Please for more details read here
.
Why do we process data?
Our services are based on the public interest and to inspire people from diverse cultures, different beliefs from around the world to experience a spiritual journey for their own wellbeing. Ultimately, we collect data with the purpose of contributing to a better life for those who are interested in achieving this through faith-based pathways.
Specifically, we process data with the following purposes:
To provide customers with highest standard services.
To keep our customers and prospects informed about new developments and updates on our services.
To offer potential customers the best packages through our services.
To maintain our own accounts and records.
To offer our services on
churchservices.tv
to a worldwide audience on a free-of-charge basis providing they have an internet connection.
Legal basis for processing personal data
CSTV only stores the most basic and relevant data concerning their church partners’ business details. No personal data is held except where personal email address or phone numbers are offered to CSTV in order to maintain contact. We only process data to use for the purpose it was collected, in a transparent and respectful manner meeting GDPR standards.
Who has access to data?
Our highly dedicated team at CSTV has access to data to provide an excellent customer service and support for all our clients. Similarly, to provide a successful service some information is shared with installers and other contractors with whom there are contracts and confidentiality agreements in place following GDPR requirements.
How do we process the data?
CSTV and their partners manage data in a transparent and responsible manner according to GDPR requirements and other relevant regulations.
Sharing data with third parties
We do not share the personal data we process with third parties and if so it is only with explicit customers’ consent.
Where do we store data? Providers and data protection
CSTV may store data in hard copy and in electronic format, in storage cabinets managed by ourselves and/or may store information in systems operated by our providers.
Our worldwide and recognised providers are based both in the European Economic Area (EEA) and in America. Regarding those located outside the EEA, they are active members of Privacy Shield.
As that entity remarks in its website,
“The EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission and Swiss Administration to provide companies on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce”.
For more information please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
How long do we retain data for?
We retain data for as long as it is necessary to support a business relationship with a partner and/or to offer the highest level of service and support, and also according to legal requirements and it is only retained for the purpose it was collected for initially.
Updating data
We update our databases regularly to keep the information accurate. If you would like us to update or even delete your contact details, please send us an email here:
gdpr@churchsupportgroup.com
Data security
Our livestreaming system meets wide recognised security standards including SSL certification, secure encryption, ISO 27001 certification and firewalled networks amongst other. Similarly, those security settings also apply for both recordings and uploaded videos available on both online or on the backend of the CSTV system.
About updating this Privacy Policy
Church Services TV reserves the rights to review this Privacy Policy without previous notice so that we recommend checking this website for new updates.
Contact details regarding GDPR
If you would like to further discuss GDPR with us, please email us on
gdpr@churchsupportgroup.com
Alternatively, you can contact the Data Protection Commission in Ireland:
Websites
www.dataprotection.ie
www.gdprandyou.ie
Telephone
+353 (0)761 104 800
+353 57 8684800
Lo Call Number
1890 252 231
E-mail
info@dataprotection.ie
Offices
Dublin Office
21 Fitzwilliam Square
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Portarlington Office
Canal House
Station Road
Portarlington
R32 AP23 Co. Laois
Further information
Regulation (Eu) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/ALL/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
Irish Data Protection Act 2018 (Number 7 of 2018)
https://data.oireachtas.ie/ie/oireachtas/act/2018/7/eng/enacted/a0718.pdf
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;