Privacy Policy
1) Information about the collection of personal data and contact details
        of the person responsible
1.1 We are pleased that you are using our application (hereinafter
        "app"). In the following we inform you about the handling of your
        personal data when using our app. Personal data is all data with which
        you can be personally identified.
1.2 Responsible for data processing regarding this app within the
        meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Sebastian
        Röhl, Scherpenbergerstraße 112, 47443 Moers, Germany, Tel.:
        015752566276, email: sebastian@sebaroehl.app. The person responsible for
        the processing of personal data is the natural or legal person who alone
        or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of the
        processing of personal data.
2) Contact
When contacting us (e.g. via contact form or e-mail), personal data is
        collected. Which data is collected when using a contact form can be seen
        from the respective contact form in the app. This data is stored and
        used exclusively for the purpose of answering your request or for
        contacting you and the associated technical administration. The legal
        basis for the processing of this data is our legitimate interest in
        answering your request in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If
        your contact is aimed at concluding a contract, the additional legal
        basis for processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. Your data will be deleted
        once your request has been processed. This is the case if it can be
        inferred from the circumstances that the facts in question have been
        finally clarified and provided that there are no legal storage
        obligations to the contrary.
3) Data processing for contract processing
3.1 For the processing of contracts concluded via the app, we work
        together with the following service provider(s), who support us in whole
        or in part in the implementation of concluded contracts. Certain
        personal data is transmitted to these service providers in accordance
        with the following information.
The personal data collected by us will be passed on to the transport
        company commissioned with the delivery as part of the contract, insofar
        as this is necessary for the delivery of the goods. We pass on your
        payment data to the commissioned credit institute as part of the payment
        process, provided this is necessary for the payment process. If payment
        service providers are used, we will explicitly inform you of this below.
        The legal basis for the transfer of data is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
3.2 - RevenueCat
In the case of in-app payments, payment is made via RevenueCat Inc., 300
        Euclid Avenue San Francisco, CA 94118, USA. to whom we pass on the
        information you provided during the ordering process together with the
        information about your order. Your data will be passed on in accordance
        with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Letter b GDPR exclusively for the purpose of
        payment processing and only to the extent that it is necessary for this.
        We have concluded an order processing contract with RevenueCat Inc.,
        with which we oblige the provider to protect the data of the app users
        and not to pass it on to third parties.
Further information on data protection by RevenueCat can be found here:
        https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy
4) Firebase Crashlytics
To create anonymous crash reports, we use "Firebase Crashlytics", a
        service provided by Google Ireland Ltd., Google Building Gordon House,
        Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, to improve the stability and
        reliability of our app. If the app crashes, anonymous information will
        only be transmitted to the Google servers on the basis of your express
        consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR (app status at the time
        of the crash, installation UUID, crash trace, manufacturer and operating
        system of the mobile phone, last log messages). Also transfers to Google
        LLC. In the US are possible. This information does not contain any
        personal data. You can give or revoke consent in the app settings. You
        can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling the "Crash Reporting"
        feature in the app's settings. For more information on data protection,
        see the Firebase Crashlytics privacy policy at
        https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
5) Rights of the data subject
5.1 The applicable data protection law grants you comprehensive data
        subject rights (rights to information and intervention) vis-à-vis the
        person responsible for the processing of your personal data, about which
        we will inform you below:
Right to information in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR: In particular,
          you have a right to information about your personal data processed by
          us, the processing purposes, the categories of personal data
          processed, the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your
          data was or will be disclosed, planned storage period or the criteria
          for determining the storage period, the existence of a right to
          correction, deletion, restriction of processing, objection to
          processing, complaint to a supervisory authority, the origin of your
          data if they were not collected from you by us, the existence of
          automated decision-making including profiling and, if applicable,
          meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and
          intended effects of such processing on you, as well as your right to
          be informed which guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR when your data
          is forwarded to third countries exist;
Right to rectification in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR: You have the
          right to immediate rectification of incorrect data concerning you
          and/or completion of your incomplete data stored by us;
Right to deletion according to Art. 17 GDPR: You have the right to
          request the deletion of your personal data if the requirements of Art.
          17 Para. 1 GDPR are met. However, this right does not apply in
          particular if the processing is necessary to exercise the right to
          freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation,
          for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal
          claims;
Right to restriction of processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR:
          You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of
          your personal data as long as the accuracy of your data, which you
          dispute, is being checked, if you refuse to delete your data because
          of inadmissible data processing and instead request the restriction of
          the processing of your data if you need your data to assert, exercise
          or defend legal claims after we no longer need this data after the
          purpose has been achieved or if you have lodged an objection for
          reasons of your particular situation, as long as it is not yet clear
          whether our legitimate reasons prevail;
Right to information in accordance with Art. 19 GDPR: If you have
          asserted the right to correction, deletion or restriction of
          processing against the person responsible, he is obliged to inform all
          recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been
          disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of
          processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a
          disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed about these
          recipients.
Right to data portability in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR: You have
          the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to us
          in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request
          transmission to another person responsible, insofar as this is
          technically feasible;
Right to revoke granted consent in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3
          DSGVO: You have the right to revoke your consent to the processing of
          data at any time with effect for the future. In the event of
          revocation, we will delete the data concerned immediately, unless
          further processing can be based on a legal basis for processing
          without consent. The revocation of the consent does not affect the
          legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up
          to the point of revocation;
Right to lodge a complaint pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR: If you believe
          that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR, you have
          - without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy -
          the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in
          particular in the Member State where you live, work or where the
          alleged infringement took place.
5.2 RIGHT TO OBJECT
IF WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA ON THE BASIS OF A BALANCING OF
        INTERESTS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO OBJECT TO THIS PROCESSING
        FOR REASONS RESULTING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION WITH EFFECT FOR THE
        FUTURE.
IF YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO OBJECT, WE WILL STOP THE PROCESSING OF THE
        DATA INVOLVED. HOWEVER, FURTHER PROCESSING REMAINS RESERVED IF WE CAN
        PROVE COMPREHENSIVE REASONS FOR PROCESSING THAT OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS,
        FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS, OR IF THE PROCESSING IS FOR
        THE CERTIFICATION, EXERCISE OR DEFENSE OF LEGAL CLAIMS.
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED BY US FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING
        PURPOSES, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF
        YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING. YOU MAY OBJECT
        AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.
IF YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO OBJECT, WE WILL STOP THE PROCESSING OF THE
        DATA INVOLVED FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES.