Lively Privacy Policy
Effective: October 5, 2022
Lively is an iOS & Android widget app that lets you share photos with your friends right on their home screen. When you send a picture using Lively, it will magically appear on your friends' home screen, without them having to open the app. Since Lively is designed to be used with your closest friends, we care deeply about protecting your privacy and keeping your data secure.
This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about the information we collect, how we use it, whom we share it with, your privacy rights, and the controls we give you to access, update, and delete your information. This Privacy Policy applies whether the information is collected online through the website, mobile applications, or any of the social media pages offered, owned, or operated by Lively, or its affiliates, as well as your interactions with Lively’s agents, contractors or employees.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, because by using Lively, you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and consent to the manner in which we collect, use and disclose your information. In addition, please review our Terms of Service which govern the use of Lively and any content that you sent or received using Lively. This Privacy Policy includes the following sections:
Information That We Collect
How We Use the Information We Collect
How We Share the Information We Collect
Children’s Privacy
Your Rights, Choice And Access
How Long We Keep Your Information
States And Regions Specific Information
International Transfers
Third-Party Links And Integrations
Security
Right To Modify This Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
We have provided you with the links above to help you navigate to specific sections of this Privacy Policy, but we recommend you read this policy its entirety before using the Lively mobile applications, website, social media pages or interacting with our agents, contractors or employees.
1. THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We collect the information that you provide to us.
Personal Information
When you sign-up for your account it is necessary to collect your phone number, user name, and password. If you require assistance with a app issue, we may collect your email address to resolve the issue. This data is used to identify you to other Lively users and makes it easy for your friends to find your account on the app.
Contacts Information
After signing up, Lively requests access to your phone contacts. This makes it easy to add your friends to your Lively. We will never send text messages to your friends without your explicit permission.
To invite a new user to the app, Lively gives you the option of sending them a text message with a link to install the app. We do not automatically message your friends on your behalf. Instead, you have to send the message yourself. This means you're always in control of what messages are sent to your friends.
Photos and Videos
Sending photos and videos to your friends is incredibly personal, so we work hard to keep the photos & personal information safe and secure. The information we collect will not be used for any other purpose and will not be shared with any other parties. When you send a new photo on Lively, it will be sent to your selected Lively friends. They will be able to see this photo in real-time in their Lively widget.
Contact with Lively
When you contact us directly, we will collect the information that you provide voluntarily or that we need to resolve your question.
We automatically collect information when you use our services.
Usage Information:
We collect information about your activities on our application using web beacons, cookies, or other analytics tools.
These technologies collect certain traffic information that your browser sends, such as your browser type and language, browser history, and access times. They may also collect information about your IP address, unique device identifier, geolocation information, clickstream behavior (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with Lively).
Content Information:
We collect content that you share or receive from Lively users such as information from your device’s camera and photos based on the information that you share and receive through Lively.
Device Information:
We collect information from and about the devices you use.
For example: hardware, software, device brand/model, IP address, app version, internet type, and other device information.
Device Phonebook:
We may collect information from your device’s phonebook since this is the method used to identify Lively users.
Location Information:
We may collect information about your location.
Information Collected by Cookies or Other Technologies:
We may use cookies and other technologies, such as: web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, but you can usually remove or reject cookies through the settings on your browser or device.
Log Information:
We collect log information when you use our website, such as device information, including your browser type and language, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and identifiers associated with cookies.
We collect information from third-parties.
Lively uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Third-parties may share information with us as well. We may use this information, among other ways, to help target or measure the performance of ads.
Below are links to privacy policies of the third-party service providers used by the Lively app:
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Appsflyer
In addition, we may use third-party services such as AWS for data storage, collection, monitoring, and analysis.
You recognize and agree that the analytic companies utilized by us may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. But rest assured that the purpose of third-party sharing is solely for the purpose of ads & performance tracking, and we will not share user information with any third party.
2.HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Lively may store, analyze, combine, and otherwise use the information we collect, either directly or indirectly, to:
Provide you with the services and products offered by Lively when you sign-up for an account;
Improve, develop, operate, deliver, and maintain Lively and the way we do business;
Respond to your questions and requests;
Send you communications, including emails;
Manage your Lively Account and provide you with customer support;
Perform research, monitoring, and analysis about usage and potential interest in our Lively and associated content or services;
Develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests, as appropriate;
Use information we have collected from cookies and other technology to enhance ours services and experience with you;
Help us improve the overall accuracy and completeness of the information;
Enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, applicable law, and respond to law enforcement;
Support the technical functionality of the Lively, develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Lively;
As otherwise stated in this Privacy Statement.
3.HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We may share information about you in the following ways:
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, who may be located outside of the country you reside and are located in, including, but not limited to, our parent company Livehouse Limited.
Service Providers
Lively retains service providers and suppliers to manage or support its business operations, deliver services and customer solutions and to assist with marketing and communication initiatives. These providers include, for example, hosting and IT service providers, website management and support service providers, email service providers, automated data processors, and providers of marketing, and communications. We may share your information with these companies to enable them to provide you with services on our behalf, and for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may share website usage and marketing information with our marketing partners.
Our service providers will only use your information to perform the service for which they are engaged, while also complying with all applicable laws, and pursuant to our instructions. You expressly consent to your information being used as set forth in this Section.
Legal Proceedings
We may also share your personal information:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency;
To establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims, or as otherwise required by law; (in such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.)
In connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing;
To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website Terms of Service or other agreements or policies;
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Non-personal information
We may also share aggregated, non-personally identifiable, or de-identified information with third parties that provide or perform business related services to us. Note that we may share any information that does not identify you, without restriction, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
4.CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Lively is not intended for and does not target the application to children under the age of 13. Lively will not knowingly collect personal information on anyone under the age of 13. Children under 13 are not allowed to use Lively. If you are based in the EU or EEA you may only use Lively if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country.
5.YOUR RIGHTS, CHOICE AND ACCESS
You have the right to request us to:
Not send you marketing, promotional emails, or other communications;
Correct or update your personal information;
Not contact you in the future.
If you are a minor and have registered for an Lively account, you have the right to request that we remove any content or information, so that it is not visible to the public.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Lively, or if you wish to make any of the above requests, please contact us at:
lively.widget@gmail.com
.
You have choice and access rights through the following tools:
Access, Correction, and Portability.
Most of your basic account information can be accessed and edited in the application. If you would like a copy of your account information that is not available in the application in portable format, you may request the information by going to “Account and Security” on the settings page and selecting “download my information.”
Revoking Permissions.
If you previously granted permission to use your information, you can revoke your permission by changing the settings in the application or on your device if your device offers those options. When permissions are revoked, there may be certain application functionality that may no longer work.
Deletion.
If you decide to delete your account (including your followers, comments, or any content posted that is associated with the account), you may do so by going to “Account and Security” on the settings page and selecting “delete my account”.
Tracking.
Once iOS users install and open Lively, a “Do Not Track” pop-up displays and provides the option to opt-in to the use of cookies and other tracking tools. If users opt-in, Lively will track their activity and have the IDFA (a unique identifier used to track the device). If you opt-out of tracking, Lively will not link identifiable information from third-party apps or websites with identifiable information from Lively for advertising purposes, except on your device. If you decide to opt-out at any time after installation, you may do so on your device navigating to the application settings and turning off the “Allow Tracking” option.
Communicating with other Lively Users.
As a Lively user it is important that you decide who you would like to communicate with. Lively has tools within its settings that let you determine who you want to see your pictures and videos, whether you would like to receive pictures and videos from all your following users, and whether you’d like to block another Lively user from contacting you.
6.HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We keep information as long as we need it to provide Lively services, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
7.STATE AND REGIONS SPECIFIC INFORMATION
Some regions have specific privacy rights for their residents. For example, Lively users in the United States (residents of California and other states) and Europe have specific privacy rights. Lively maintains an up-to-date overview of state and region specific disclosures here.
California
Nevada
Europe
8.INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We may collect and you may provide us with information wherever you are located. The Lively servers that processes the data we collect from you are primarily located in the United States, but may be located in other jurisdictions. By using Lively, or providing us with information, you understand that the collection, processing, maintenance, transfer and storage of such information will occur in the United States and other jurisdictions where the privacy laws may be different from those in the country where you reside or are located in, and waive any claims relating to the collection, processing, maintenance, transfer or storage of data outside of such country. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, when we are legally required to do so, we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place. We also make sure any third parties we share information with have an adequate transfer mechanism in place.
9.THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND INTEGRATIONS
Our services may contain third-party content and integrations. Examples include third-party integrations in Google Analytics for Firebase, Firebase Crashlytics, and Appsflyer. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the third-party as well as to Lively. We are not responsible for how those third-parties collect or use your information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third-parties you interact with through our services.
10.SECURITY
When you submit information to Lively, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across multiple computer systems on the Internet. Although we take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect your information, no method of transmitting and storing electronic data is ever completely secure, and we do not guarantee the security of such information at any time.
11.RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Lively reserves the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time at its sole discretion. If we modify the Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here, with an updated version date. Changes will be made effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. Please note that if you do not agree with the modified Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using Lively. Your continued use of Lively following the posting of the updated Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for changes.
12.HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email:
lively.widget@gmail.com
and include the phone number you used to register your account.
Region Specific Privacy Laws
California
If you are a California resident, you have the right, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), to:
Know the purpose for which your personal information is being collected and used;
Access, request and receive a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you;
Opt-out of or object to having your personal information sold to third parties;
Not be discriminated against by us for exercising any of these rights.
If you make a request to opt-out of sale, and then you subsequently clear cookies or opt-out of cookie-based tracking for advertising purposes on your browser, or use a different browser or device, you may have to opt-out again to make your “opt-out of sale choice” is effective. Choices you make regarding cookies are website, device, and browser specific, and are deleted whenever you clear your browser’s cache.
You can also request us to delete your personal information; however, please be aware that we may need to retain some of your information in order to maintain our records, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. It may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data remaining because of backups and other reasons.
To submit your CCPA request, please contact us at:
lively.widget@gmail.com
.
If you are a California resident and would like to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf, please send an email to the following email address:
lively.widget@gmail.com
. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
If you are an agent of a California resident and would like to submit a request on behalf of a California resident, please submit the request to the following email address:
lively.widget@gmail.com
. After you submit the request, we will require additional information to verify the identity of the California resident, as well as your authority to act on behalf of the California resident.
Additionally, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 gives California residents the right to request, from a business with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party, and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding year. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Lively pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, please contact us at the address listed below.
Nevada
Nevada residents have certain privacy rights as specified under Nevada law. Our Privacy Principles and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws—this notice makes sure we cover the Nevada-specific requirements.
Do Not Sell Notice
We do not sell your covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
lively.widget@gmail.com
.
Europe
If you are located in the European Union (“EU”), European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom (“UK”), you have certain rights and protections under The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) regarding the processing of your personal data. GDPR is an EU law intended to strengthen and unify the data protection and data privacy regulations and rights for the benefit and protection of EU, EEA, and UK data subjects. In addition to the notice provided above, the following notice applies to EU, EEA, and UK data subjects. In the event there is a conflict between the two as it applies to EU data subjects, this section shall take precedence. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” shall have the meaning given by Regulation (EU) 2016/679. Lively will be the Data Controller responsible for determining the purposes and means of processing your personal information.
If you live in the EU, EEA or UK, you have the right under GDPR to:
Right to be informed: Data subjects have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
Right to access: Data subjects have the right to view and request copies of their personal data.
Right to rectification: Data subjects have the right to request inaccurate or outdated personal information be updated or corrected.
Right to be forgotten/Right to erasure: Data subjects have the right to request their personal data be deleted. Note that this is not an absolute right and may be subject to exemptions based on certain laws.
Right to data portability: Data subjects have the right to ask for their data to be transferred to another controller or provided to them. The data must be provided in a machine-readable electronic format.
Right to restrict processing: Data subjects have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data.
Right to withdraw consent: Data subjects have the right to withdraw previously given consent to process their personal data.
Right to object: Data subjects have the right to object to the processing of their personal data.
Right to object to automated processing: Data subjects have the right to object to decisions being made with their data solely based on automated decision making or profiling.
Note that these rights may be limited in some circumstances under applicable law. When you make a request to exercise your rights under GDPR, we may ask you to provide additional information for identity verification purposes, or to verify that you are in possession of an applicable email account.
To submit your GDPR request and exercise any of your rights under GDPR, please contact our support team at:
lively.widget@gmail.com
.
In addition, if you are in the EEA and you have any complaints about how we use your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country. A list of data protection authorities can be found
here
.
Bases for Using Your Information
Your country only allows us to use your personal information when certain conditions apply. These conditions are called “legal bases” and, at Lively, we typically rely on one of four:
Contract.
We might use your information is because you have entered into an agreement with us to use the Lively app.
Legitimate interest.
We might use your information because we have—or a third party has—a legitimate interest in doing so. For example, we need to use your information to provide and improve our services, including protecting your account, providing customer support, and helping you find friends and content we think you will like. Please note that our legitimate interests do not outweigh your right to privacy, so we only rely on legitimate interest when we think the way we are using your data does not significantly impact your privacy or would be expected by you, or there is a compelling reason to do so.
Consent.
We may ask for consent to use your information for a specific purpose. If we request consent, we will make sure that you can revoke your consent through our settings.
Legal obligation.
We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law such as when we respond to valid legal proceeding inquiries or need to take action to protect our users.
Complaints or Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact our support team at:
lively.widget@gmail.com
.