Last​ ​Updated:​ ​January​ 14th,​ ​2023
MixerBox BFF​ ​Mobile​ ​Application​ ​Privacy​ ​Policy
Thank you for accessing the MixerBox BFF mobile application (“App”). The App is owned, operated and made available by MixerBox Inc. (“MixerBox,” “we,” “our” or “us”). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the MixerBox BFF Mobile App End-User License Agreement (“EULA”).
This MixerBox BFF Mobile Application Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) covers our treatment of personal information and other information that we collect when End-Users access, utilize and otherwise interact with the MixerBox Offerings including, but not limited to, when End-Users: (a) download, or attempt to download, the App; (b) access certain text, images, video, audio and other content and information relating to the MixerBox Offerings (as defined below) (collectively, “Content”); (c) register as members (“Member”); and (d) access, as a Member, to location-based service (“Service,” through the App, and together with the App and Content, the “MixerBox Offerings”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE​ ​THE​ ​MixerBox​ ​OFFERINGS,​ ​AS​ ​APPLICABLE.
Your​ ​California​ ​Privacy​ ​Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to learn how your “personal
information” (as defined in the Shine the Light Law, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) is shared with third parties, what categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties in the preceding year, as well as the names and addresses of those third parties, please email us as at:
bff.support@mixerbox.com
.
Further, if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the
disclosure of your personal information to any third-party for marketing purposes, please email us at:
bff.support@mixerbox.com
. Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected​ ​offers​ ​directly​ ​from​ ​us,​ ​in​ ​accordance​ ​with​ ​applicable​ ​law.
Personally​ ​Identifiable​ ​Information​ ​Collected
MixerBox collects certain personally identifiable information from End-Users, as applicable, when End-Users register, or attempt to register as Members and/or access the Service. The information that End-Users must supply on the applicable Form may include, without limitation: (a) the End-User’s profile name; (b) the End-User’s email address; (c) the End-User’s date of birth; (d) the End-User’s phone number (to verify the account); (e) the End-User’s profile picture; (f) the contacts (address book, to find friends that already use this App or invite friends who have not joined the Service yet); (g) location (this App is a location-based service. In order to provide the Service, this App requires access to the location data of your Mobile Device and needs to keep a record of your location history); (h) places (when you or your friends use features that oﬀer check-ins to places, we will keep a list of those places that you’ve checked in at or were checked-in at, until you decide to remove them); and/or (i) any other information collected by MixerBox when you access the Service.
Use​ ​of​ Personally​ ​Identifiable​ ​Information
By submitting your personal information by and through the MixerBox Offerings, you agree that we may share or provide that personal information to/with any third-party for any purposes permitted by law. Where you submit personal information, we use the personal information that you make available to personalize your experience with the App and to facilitate the delivery of the applicable MixerBox Offerings to you, including to respond to any inquiries made by you. You also agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the MixerBox Offerings, and to keep you informed of our other products and services.
Please note that you are not required to provide this consent in order to obtain access to the MixerBox Offerings, and your consent simply allows MixerBox to contact you via these means. Please be advised that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are obligated to immediately inform us if and when the telephone number that you have previously provided to us changes. Without limiting the foregoing, if you: (i) have your telephone number reassigned to another person or entity; (ii) give up your telephone number so that it is no longer used by you; (iii) port your telephone number to a landline or vice versa; or (iv) otherwise stop using that telephone number for any reason (collectively “Phone Number Change”), you agree that you shall promptly notify MixerBox​ ​of​ ​the​ ​Phone​ ​Number​ ​Change​ ​via​ ​email​ ​at:​
bff.support@mixerbox.com
​.
We may permit our third-party agents, service providers, vendors and subcontractors to access your personal information, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us and/or to operate the MixerBox Offerings. They are not authorized to use that personal information for their own benefit. MixerBox requires that its third-party service providers have in place privacy practices consistent with this Privacy Policy; provided, however, that we cannot guarantee the privacy practices of our third-party service providers.
We reserve the right to release current or past personal information: (A) in the event that we believe that the MixerBox Offerings are being or have been used in violation of the Agreement, or to commit unlawful acts; (B) if the information is subpoenaed, requested pursuant to a court order or in connection with an ongoing law enforcement investigation; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with email notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant to a subpoena; or (C) if we are sold, merge with a third-party, are acquired or are the subject of bankruptcy proceedings; provided, however, that if MixerBox is involved in a bankruptcy proceeding, merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its
assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice in the App of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your personal information.
End-Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as the U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.
Non-Personal​ ​Information​ ​Collection​ ​and​ ​Use
Aggregate​ ​Data
MixerBox reserves the right to share your personal information with third-party advertisers and marketers on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. Such information will include broad demographic categories about End-Users, their preferences, activities and other information; provided, however, that such aggregate information will never be linked to any personally identifiable information.
Mobile​ ​Device​ ​and​ ​App​ ​Usage​ ​Information
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you and your Mobile Device when you access the App and/or visit certain App pages. This non-personally identifiable information includes, without limitation, the following information pertaining to your Mobile Device and your use of the App: (a) Mobile Device platform type; (b) Mobile Device identifier; (c) SDK version; (d) API key (identifier for the App); (e) App version; (f) the model type, manufacture and Android version of the Mobile Device; (g) your App session start/stop time and date; and (h) the actions taken while utilizing the App. We use the
non-personally identifiable information identified in this paragraph to improve the design and content of the MixerBox Offerings and to enable us to personalize your App experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze MixerBox Offerings usage, alter existing MixerBox Offerings and/or develop new or different MixerBox Offerings. You understand and agree that we may send push notifications about the MixerBox Offerings to you by and through your Mobile Device.
Third-party​ ​Links
The MixerBox Offerings may contain links to other third-party owned and/or operated mobile
websites including, without limitation, the Download Venues. MixerBox is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be required to provide certain information to register or complete a transaction at
such website
s. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and MixerBox has no responsibility or liability relating to them. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy of, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of such websites. These third-party entities are independent third parties and are not affiliated with us.
Our​ ​Commitment​ ​to​ ​Children’s​ ​Privacy
Visitors under thirteen (13) years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their personal information via the App. MixerBox does not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under thirteen (13) years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor, and discover that your minor has obtained a MixerBox Account without your permission, or you otherwise want MixerBox to delete the personal information of any minor, then you may contact MixerBox via email at:
bff.support@mixerbox.com
​.
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
To opt-out of receiving communications or other marketing messages from us, you can follow the instructions associated with the applicable marketing message or email us at:
bff.support@mixerbox.com
​. To opt out of receiving communications from third parties,
please follow the instructions associated with such third-party communications.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for purposes of communicating information relating to your request for MixerBox Offerings, as well as
to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving MixerBox Offerings-related and inquiry response-related messages from MixerBox, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing the MixerBox Offerings and cease submitting inquiries to
MixerBox, as applicable.
Deleting,​ ​Modifying​ ​and​ ​Updating​ ​Your​ ​Information
At your request, we will: (a) inform you of what personal information we have on file for you; (b) amend the personal information that we have on file for you; and/or (c) remove personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. You may do so by emailing us at:
bff.support@mixerbox.com
​. We ask individual End-Users to identify themselves and the personal information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be
extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes). Please be advised that deleting your personal information may terminate your access to certain of the MixerBox Offerings. If you wish to continue using the full complement of MixerBox Offerings, you may not be able to delete all of the personal information that we have on file for you. Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems. In addition, this deletion will not change or delete personal information which may have already been shared with third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact the third parties
that contact you directly to change your preferences regarding their use of your personal information.
Changes​ ​to​ ​this​ ​Privacy​ ​Policy
MixerBox reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice in the App interface that we are changing our Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use personal information changes, MixerBox will notify End-Users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our End-Users via email; and/or (b) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your personal information in this different manner and we will only use your personal information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.
Contact​ ​Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at:
bff.support@mixerbox.com
.