You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/how-do-i-make-a-privacy-complaint:
We use cookies on this site
We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our
privacy policy
.
Close
Skip to main content
Our enquiries service is unavailable from Wednesday 5 to Friday 7 March. You can continue to contact us through our
online forms,
and we will respond as soon as we can.
Privacy
Privacy complaints
Privacy complaints
The
Privacy Act 1988
has strict rules about how an organisation or agency handles your personal information. If you think they’ve mishandled it, you can lodge a complaint with us.
Listen
What you can complain about
You may complain if your personal information is mishandled
How we investigate and resolve your complaint
We're an impartial third party when handling your complaint
Your complaint review rights
You have the right to appeal our decision or determination
External dispute resolution schemes
Schemes we recognise to handle privacy-related complaints
How to ...
Complain to an organisation or agency
Do this first, before complaining to us
Lodge a privacy complaint with us
You can complain to us in writing
Representative complaints
Privacy complaint: immigration data breach
Class privacy complaint against the Department of Immigration and Border Security, our notice to those affected and our determination
Representative complaint: Medibank data breach
The Information about the representative complaint against Medibank Private Limited arising out of the 2022 Medibank data breach, and our notice to those affected.
Handling of personal information by Dymocks Pty Ltd
The information about the representative complaint against Dymocks Pty Ltd resulting from a data breach in 2023
Representative complaint: handling of personal information by Ticketek Pty Ltd
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
We'd love to hear more!
Please tell us more
Rate your experience
We'd love to hear more about your rating
What did you come here to do?
How can we improve this information?
⨯
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Sub-policy 1
https://www.priv.gc.ca/en:
Skip to main content
Skip to "About this site"
Switch to basic HTML version
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Protecting and promoting privacy rights
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada provides advice and
information for individuals
about protecting personal information. We also enforce two
federal privacy laws
that set out the rules for how
federal government institutions
and certain
businesses
must handle personal information.
Learn more about
our Office
.
My privacy every day – Tips to protect your digital footprint
G7 Data Protection and Privacy Authorities Roundtable – June 18-19, 2025
Learn about deceptive design patterns that may influence individuals into giving away more of their personal information online.
2023-2024 Annual Report to Parliament on the
Privacy Act
and the
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
OPC
Strategic Plan 2024-2027
Principles for responsible, trustworthy and privacy-protective generative
AI
technologies
Previous
Item
1
of 6
Next
Tab 1
Tab 2
Tab 3
Tab 4
Tab 5
Tab 6
Pause
-  Stop tab rotation
Frequently asked about topics
Accessing your personal information
Learn how to access your personal information held by either businesses or the federal government.
How to raise a privacy concern with an organization
Helpful tips for challenging an organization about how it is handling your personal information.
Summary of privacy laws in Canada
Basic explanation of privacy laws in Canada, who oversees them and who they apply to.
Social insurance numbers
Find advice for individuals and guidance for organizations about the use and protection of SINs.
Identity theft
Information and advice to help individuals guard against identity theft and report if it occurs.
Online privacy
Access information on issues related to privacy on the Internet, including cloud computing, social networking and spam.
The
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
(PIPEDA)
Find information about Canada’s federal private-sector privacy law.
The
Privacy Act
Find information about the privacy law that applies to Canada’s federal government departments and agencies.
Investigations
Learn about the OPC’s investigations into privacy complaints.
See all topics
News
Get the latest news and information from the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
Privacy Commissioner seeks Federal Court order requiring Pornhub operator to comply with Canadian privacy law
News release -
March 3, 2025
Privacy Commissioner investigation into complaint about social media platform X
News release -
February 27, 2025
Connected but exposed: 2025 OPC Contributions Program call for proposals puts focus on smart devices
News release -
February 26, 2025
See all news and announcements
Date modified:
2025-02-07
Sub-policy 3
https://www.privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Your rights
/
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Your rights
Our Office values working with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to complain directly to the business or organisation that has breached your privacy.
How complaining to us works
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with the business or organisation you complained to, then you can complain to us.
First, we’ll decide whether we need to investigate. We will base that decision on the information you provide, so it’s helpful to set out a short explanation for what your key concern is and include only relevant documents. If we decide to investigate, we may first talk to you and sometimes to the
agency
you’re complaining about.
Read our decision guide
.
We will try to accommodate any accessibility needs you have
when contacting us
in accordance with the
Human Rights Act 1993.
Reasons we won't investigate
There are many reasons we won’t investigate (some are listed below) but even if we decide we can’t, we’ll still give you a chance to comment.
Some common reasons we won’t investigate are:
You haven't contacted the organisation first
You should give the business or organisation a chance to resolve your problem first and should wait at least 30 working days for a response before contacting us.
Your complaint is about an old issue
If your complaint is about something that happened more than 12 months ago, we probably won’t investigate it unless there’s a good reason why you didn’t contact us earlier.
The issue hasn't caused you harm
We’ll only investigate a breach of your privacy if it’s caused you
harm.
The agency has taken appropriate steps to resolve the issue
If an agency has already acted, changing its systems, and apologising to the person concerned, we’d likely consider those actions that would resolve the complaint. An investigation isn’t likely to achieve a different outcome.
Section 74 of the Privacy Act
has a full list of reasons we might not investigate your complaint and includes things like the complaint being a breach of someone else’s privacy, or there being a better way to sort it out.
Complaining to us with courtesy and consideration
We take the health and safety and wellbeing of our staff seriously and have some rules of engagement that we’d like you to know about.
You can expect us to:
treat you courteously and with respect
answer your questions about our process
keep you informed about your complaint and when you can expect to hear back from us.
We expect you to:
treat us with courtesy
co-operate with our process and requests for information
correspond with our staff politely and in a way that maintains staff wellbeing
accept that we will not tolerate rude or abusive behaviour or correspondence that undermines staff wellbeing
understand that we have a zero-tolerance approach to threats made to OPC staff.
As an agency that deals with human rights, we value feedback. However, harmful communications to OPC staff – such as abusive or offensive comments and harassment – are never acceptable and may result in the Office declining to investigate your complaint.
Read our service charter that explains this in more detail
.
OPC takes the safety and wellbeing of our staff seriously
Violence or threats of violence are not tolerated, and we will respond accordingly. This may include issuing a warning, limiting access to our services, reporting a matter of concern to the Police, or issuing a trespass notice. OPC may use or disclose your personal information to the Police or to a complaints body, to report threats of violence or offensive communications. This will be done as it is necessary for the safety and wellbeing of our staff.
Read our policy for responding to threats to staff safety
.
Inappropriate or offensive communication with our staff may result in a warning or may mean that we are not able to deal with your complaint.
This includes:
abusive or offensive comments or threats to OPC staff
intimidation or harassment of OPC staff by phone or email
inappropriate questions to OPC staff or referencing non-relevant OPC staff personal information
threats to defame OPC staff or to publish personal information about OPC staff
posting personal information about OPC staff online, including any communication that breaches the communication principles in the
Harmful Digital Communications Act
.
What we can't do
Our role is to decide if there’s been a breach of the Privacy Act and help both the groups come to a decision. We can't force organisations to pay you money, issue fines, make anyone accept a settlement offer, or force anyone to accept our findings.
Getting your personal information corrected
If you make a request to an agency about accessing or correcting your personal information, they must respond to that within 20 working days. Any agency may, in limited circumstances, extend the 20-working day timeframe, but they must tell you why, and let you know when they’ll give you the information. You can use our response calculator on the left to work out the latest date an agency must respond to you by.
One person complaining on behalf of many
When lots of people are affected by one privacy breach,
the Privacy Act
allows for one person to make a complaint to us on behalf of many (as a class). When this happens, the Privacy Commissioner can begin an investigation themselves.
Giving someone authority to act on your behalf
If you want someone to act on your behalf (like an advocate, a family member, or lawyer) you will need to complete a form that tells us that in writing.
Open the Representative Authority Form in Word
Open the Representative Authority Form in PDF
Other places you can get help
We can only investigate the privacy aspects of your complaint.
Our
list of other regulators and dispute resolution schemes
may help you find other agencies who can better help you.
Make a complaint
Your rights
Your privacy rights
Resolving privacy issues
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Submit a complaint
Service charter – complaints and investigations
Settling complaints