For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
Please contact your administrator
National Employment Record
Terms & Conditions of Service
A. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Use of the National Employment Record (NER) is subject to the following terms and conditions. You must  read,  agree  to  and  accept  all  of  the  terms  and  conditions  prior  to  registration  and  use  of  the NER.
In these terms and conditions, the following terms and expressions shall have the meanings given to them in the Definitions section below:
1. Definitions
"DIME"
means the Doctors Integrated Management E-System
"Employer’s HR Department(s)" or “Medical  HR”
means  the  administration  team  responsible  for the  pre-employment  and  employment  processes  for  NCHDs,  and  includes  personnel  responsible  for the administration of the information and activities related to NER as referred to in paragraph 5 of the Privacy  Notice  It  includes  but  may  not  be  limited  to  Medical  Manpower,  Medical  Administration, Human Resources.
"NCHD"
means  Non-Consultant  Hospital  Doctor  which  includes  Interns,  Registrars,  Senior  House Officers, Specialist Registrars and Senior Registrars.
"NDTP"
means  National  Doctors  Training  and  Planning,  a  facility  of  the  Health  Service  Executive (“HSE”).
"NER"
means National Employment Record
"OHD"
means  the  Occupational  Health  Department  responsible  for  the  pre-employment  health assessment and screening of NCHDs.
"OSDS"
means  Open  Sky  Data  Systems.  This  is  the  external  database  management  company engaged by NDTP to provide system support and expertise.
Welcome  to  your  personal  National  Employment  Record  (NER).  The  purpose  of  the  NER  is  to facilitate    NCHDs    to    rotate    between    participating    employers    within    the    HSE/Voluntary Hospitals/Section 38/39 Agencies and Private Hospitals who employ NCHDs, without the requirement for repetition of pre-employment paperwork.
2. Please note the following NER terms & conditions before registering an NER Account.
2.1   You  must  use  a  secure  password  to  create  an  NER  account  upon  initial  registration.  It  is  your responsibility  to  maintain  the  confidentiality  and  integrity  of  your  account  and  password.  You should never allow an internet browser to save your password on a public computer.
2.2   Following a period of 365 days inactivity, an NER account will be automatically deactivated. The account may be reactivated by your Employer’s HR Department, if required.
2.3   Data will be retained in accordance with the HSE Data Protection Policy.  Except as otherwise required by law, if your NER account is closed for any reason, you will no longer  have access to data, files, or other material you keep on the site and any closure of your Account may involve deletion  of  any  content  stored  in  your  NER  account  for  which  HSE  will  have  no  liability whatsoever. HSE, in its sole discretion and as permitted or required by   law, may retain some or all of your account information.
2.4.  You  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that  the  details  that  you  provide  are  accurate  and  up  to  date. You are required to complete your hire form and upload requested documents.
2.5  The information which you enter and upload on your NER forms part of your employment record, and  by  registering  you  are  giving  the  participating  Employer’s  HR  Departments  permission  to verify  the  details  (including  but  not  limited  to  qualifications)  that  you  have  provided  against records held by:
the Medical Council of Ireland, or any similar medical registration body abroad;
any academic institution;
and any previous employers, whether in Ireland or abroad.
You accept that you are obliged to notify your employer immediately should there be any change in  your  registration  status  with  the  Medical  Council  during  your  rotation  and  update  your  details on  your  NER.  You  understand  that  changes  in  status  include  non-registration,  any  restriction, conditions, censure admonishment or removal from the register.
2.6 It  remains  at  all  times  your  personal  responsibility  to  update  the  information  on  your  NER  and keep your NER current and up to date, e.g. change of address etc.
2.7 The requirement to update your NER does not absolve you of the obligation to personally notify your  Employer’s  HR  Department  of  any  information  that  may  be  material  to  your  fitness  to practice, or may otherwise impact on the participating employer’s reputation or insurance status including:
medical council referrals in any jurisdiction;
Garda investigation, criminal proceedings whether pending or concluded, etc. in any jurisdiction
any other details which may impact on your fitness to practice
2.8. By  registering  your  details  you  are  agreeing  to  the  maintenance  of  an  NER  account  related  to your  employment  for  use  by  each  of  your  participating  employers.  Your  NER  will  therefore  be used,   and   should  be  viewed   by   you  as  an  electronic   version   of  your  pre-employment documentation.  You  are  therefore  accepting  the  full  transfer  of  that  file  amongst  participating employers  as  you  rotate,  including  documents  uploaded  by  you  and  your  Employer’s  HR Department  and  OHD,  e.g.  Garda  Vetting,  Work  Permit,  Immunisation  Status  documentation etc.
2.9 Your  salary,  emoluments  and  other  expenses  will  be  paid  into  the  bank  account  that  is nominated  by  you.  It  is  your  responsibility  to  keep  these  particulars  up  to  date.  By  registering your details you are also:
Authorising  the  participating  employers  to  pay  all  future  salary  payments  direct  to  the account details outlined provided by you.
Authorising  the  participating  employers  to  request  verification  of  service  details  with  any previous Public Sector Employer.
3.	Occupational Health Requirements
You are required to:
Complete your Pre Placement Health Assessment Form (PPHA).
Upload  Immunisation  status  details  including  Evidence  of  EPP  (exposure  prone  procedure) clearance where required.
You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide are accurate and correct to the best of your knowledge and inform OHD if there is any change in your medical circumstances.
Patient  Medical  Records  and/or  Patient  Related  Medical  Records
must  not
be  uploaded  onto  the NER system.
By uploading your Pre Placement Health Assessment Form and related documents you are agreeing to the transfer of your PPHA form and related uploaded documents to your current employer’s OHD and  any  future  employer’s  OHD  when  you  have  been  matched  to  your  next  rotation.  Occupational Health Services may also upload medical information on your behalf in order to facilitate the sharing of medical information with other Occupational Health Services on a need-to-know basis.
Your  Employer’s  HR  Department  will  not  have  access  to  any  documents  uploaded  related  to occupational  health  such  as  your,  PPHA  or  vaccination  records,  other  than  as  provided  for under Section 2.2 of the Privacy Notice at Section B
4.	Training Supports Scheme and Clinical Course and Exam Refund Scheme Modules
You  will  be  required  to  make  all  funding  claims  under  the  Training  Supports  Scheme  or  Clinical Course and Exam Refund Scheme section, as appropriate, via your NER account.
You are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide is accurate and receipts are original and genuine.
All  hard-copy  original  receipts  must  be  held  by  you  for  a  period  of  6  years  and  made  available  for audit during this period if required.
5.	ePortfolio
The ePortfolio section of the NER provides NCHDs with a location to store details regarding their personal training, learning and professional development.  There is an option for NCHDs to seek verification of relevant data from their supervising Consultant, where they have no other facility to do this, i.e. do not have access to a training body portfolio.  You are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide here is accurate and correct.  It is essential in line with Data Protection legislation that this data is recorded anonymously, does not include any information or values which may identify a patient, client, colleague etc., such as but not limited to names, employee numbers, patient record numbers, date of births etc and the inclusion of any patient information on the ePortfolio is strictly prohibited
The information provided by you in your ePortfolio cannot be accessed by clinical sites via DIME, however HSE-NDTP and OSDS will have access for system management and troubleshooting purposes.  You may seek verification of relevant records from a supervising Consultant, once this activity has occurred within a six month period.  Information on these records will be visible by the nominated Consultant you choose to send this data to.  The Consultant will access the data via a secure link sent by email.  The Consultant will be able to view this data until it has been processed by them or six months has elapsed since the activity date, whichever is the sooner.  It is your responsibility to ensure you select the correct IMC number and email address for the nominated Consultant.
6.	Limitation of Liability
HSE will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. However, electronic services are subject to interruption or breakdown. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the site is available for use ‘as is’ and ‘as available’, with no warranties of any kind whatsoever and that, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, HSE makes no warranty regarding, and shall have no responsibility for, the accuracy, availability, reliability, security, fitness for purpose or performance of the site or the contents thereof.
HSE will not be liable for or responsible for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use or any inability to use NER/DIME or the information contained within NER/DIME (including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damages, loss of data, income, profit or opportunity and claims of third parties) even if HSE has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages or such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable.
7.	Force Majeure
HSE shall have no liability to any user if it is prevented from or delayed in performing its obligations under these terms   by acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond its reasonable control, including, without  limitation,  strikes,  or  other  industrial  disputes,  failure  of  a  utility  service  or  transport  or telecommunications   network,   act   of   God,   pandemic,   epidemic,   war,   riot,   malicious   damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or sub-contractors, provided that users are notified of such an event and its expected duration.
8.	Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland and each user hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.
B. 	PRIVACY NOTICE AND DATA PROTECTION
1.	Purpose: why the HSE  uses and processes your data:
1.1 The   National   Employment   Record   (“NER”)   was   introduced   following   a   recommendation highlighted in the strategic review of medical training and career structures (MacCraith Report). It has  been  designed  to  reduce  the  repetitive  completion  of  paperwork  by  NCHDs  rotating  to different hospitals/employers.
1.2 	Using the NER allows NCHDs to interact virtually with Medical HR in their place of employment. The system allows for completion of a mandatory hire form online, together with the ability to upload mandatory documents and certificates for verification by Medical HR. Medical HR can also link in with an NCHDs NER account to upload mandatory documentation such as Garda Vetting, for example.
1.3 	The NER also includes Occupational Health functionality, which allows NCHDs to complete pre-employment health assessment via the system, and upload immune status documentation.
1.4 	There is also a Training Supports Scheme (TSS) and Clinical Course Exam & Refund (CCERS) Scheme section on the NER Account which enables NCHDs to submit funding claims covered under the Training Supports Scheme by completing an online application form and uploading supporting documentation such as receipts and certificates of attendance.
1.5 	There is also an E-Portfolio section which enables Non Training Scheme Doctors to record their career development and have their experience validated via their NER account
2.	How your data is stored and shared:
2.1	Subject to section 2.2, your occupational health details form and certificates are only viewable by your employer’s Occupational Health Department (“OHD”) and all other details are only viewable by your Medical HR department.
2.2	Occupational  Health  data  will  be  processed  by  your  Occupational  Health  Department  and  the outcome  of  this  Occupational  Health  assessment  i.e.  to  determine  fitness  for  employment  will only be viewable by your Medical HR department to the extent that it is necessary for the Medical HR department to fulfil its legal and workplace policy obligations.
2.3	Your Occupational Health data will be viewable by your current employer’s Occupational Health Department,  any  future  employer’s  Occupational  Health  Department  when  you  have  been matched  to  your  next  rotation  and  the  national  administrators  of  the  system  within  NDTP  have ‘super  user’  rights  to  oversee  all  other  database  users,  to  provide  a  help  desk  function  to Occupational Health NER users and to run statistical reports at a national level.
2.4	In accordance with these terms and conditions, your NER will only be visible to:
your   current   Employer’s   HR  Department   or   equivalent   (hereafter   known   as   the Employer's HR Department);
your  future  Employer’s  HR  Department  when  you  have  been  matched  to  your  next rotation;
your current Employer’s Occupational Health Department;
your future Employer’s OHD when you have been matched to your next rotation;
the  national  administrators  of  the  system  within  NDTP  who  have  ‘super  user’  rights  to oversee all other database users, to provide a help desk function to users, to assist with troubleshooting any system issues and to run statistical reports at a national level;
Open  Sky  Data  Systems  (hereafter  known  as  OSDS).  This  is  the  external  database management company engaged by NDTP to provide system support and expertise.
2.5	Your current Employer’s HR Department and OHD will have access to your account for 60 days post-  employment  only,  in  order  to  allow  them  to  add  any  residual  documents  after  you  have moved to your next post.
2.6	In  order  for  your  current  Employer’s  OHD  to  provide  your  occupational  health  records  to  your future Employer’s OHD, in accordance with the terms of use of the NER account, the HSE and your Employers rely on your explicit consent to the sharing of your health data in this way.
2.7	The personal information uploaded to your NER account will be stored by the HSE in accordance with the HSE Record Retention Policy for as long as you maintain a registered account. Your account will be deactivated after a period of 365 days from the  date  of  last  activity. Your personal information that is collected by your current and future employers through the NER database in accordance with the terms of use may be held for as long as is required by that employer’s policies. Please refer to the relevant employer’s policies for information about their data retention policies.
3.	Security
3.1 Your NER account is secure and protected by a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate. This means there is a secure connection, data transferred over the internet is encrypted and not visible to third parties. This technology is used by Banks for Internet Banking/Credit Card transactions.
3.2	Each individual account is additionally secured with multi-factor user authentication to prevent unauthorised access. Simultaneous logins to system accounts are not enabled. Only one active login to a user’s NER Account is permitted at any given, whether it be via the web based portal or NER App.
3.3	All data transfer to and from the NER App will be encrypted via HTTPS with the latest version TLS with strong cipher suites. The App will never automatically store any personal data on your device unless you download documents manually. As soon as you exit the App, access to any personal data is automatically revoked and you will be required to re-authenticate via the multi-factor authentication sign in process. Manual downloads will be stored on the device and are not automatically deleted.
3.4	NDTP reserves the right to suspend access to your NER account, either generally, or specifically, at any time at its sole discretion for improper use of the system, e.g. uploading inappropriate images etc. In the event of this happening, you are entitled to request a copy of your personal data from NDTP, in line with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018.
3.5 The email address provided by you when creating your NER account will be used by your Employer’s HR Department, OHD and NDTP for correspondence purposes.  It may also be accessed by OSDS to troubleshoot any technical issues with your NER account. Your email address will not be provided to any other third party.
3.6 The data contained within your NER account may also be used by NDTP after your employment with the HSE has ceased. NDTP will retain details of your email address in line with the HSE data retention policy. NDTP may contact you in order to invite you to participate in voluntary research which will inform medical workforce planning policy development. Any personal data used for the purposes of conducting this research will be anonymised.
4.  How the HSE receives your personal information.
4.1	Most of the personal information processed by the HSE is provided directly by you through your registration for your NER account and the information you upload.
4.2	Personal information about you may be uploaded by your current OHD and Medical HR to your NER account during a period of 60 days following the cessation of your employment.
4.3	Information received from third parties may be uploaded to your NER account by the HSE, such as:
Information from the National Vetting Bureau (requested with your consent);
Information from Training Body Users, for example, assigning training attributes; and
Information relating to mandatory documents and certificates, such as Work Permits.
5. The type of personal information that may be stored on the NER:
In order for the HSE to process pre-screening information on the NER, it is necessary to upload specific information and personal data to NER.
The HSE currently collects and processes the following information:
Personal Details
- First Name, Surname, Title, Known As, Previous Surname. This detail is required by Medical HR as a means to identify an employee and process their employment details. It is also required for Garda Vetting purposes.
Gender
- The information is requested by the HSE in order to have an overview of gender mix in the NCHD population. This data may be collated and published by the HSE for the purposes of gathering statistics / carrying out research for workforce planning purposes. However the results of such research / statistics will be in a form that will not identify any individual.
Marital Status
- This is required for the purpose of registration in the superannuation scheme.
Date of Birth
- This detail is required by Medical HR as a means to identify an employee. It is also required for Garda Vetting purposes. This data may be collated and published by the HSE for the purposes of gathering statistics / carrying out research for workforce planning purposes, e.g. projected retirement data. However the results of such research / statistics will be in a form that will not identify any individual.
Nationality
- This data may be collated and published by the HSE for the purposes of gathering statistics / carrying out research for workforce planning purposes. However the results of such research /statistics will be in a form that will not identify any individual.
PPSN
- A PPS number is required by an employer for payroll purposes.
Medical Council Registration Number
- This is to verify registration with the Irish Medical Council. NCHDs may not take up a post until they have registered with the IMC. The DIME system is a quadripartite system operated by relevant postgraduate training bodies and employers. Once a training body assigns training attributes to the post an NCHD is matched to, this updates the IMC registration to Trainee Specialist Division. If training attributes are not assigned to an employee IMC registration defaults to the General Division except in the case of Interns.
Clinical Site
- This outlines the clinical site an NCHD is currently matched to on DIME.
Account Status
- This outlines the status of the NER account, e.g. active, inactive.
Contact Details
- Phone Number, Email Address, Postal Address. This is required by an employer to liaise with the NCHD. It is also used by employers for their Major Emergency Plan. It is required by the HSE to send low level information to NCHDs as required from a national perspective.
Next of Kin Details
- Name, Relationship, Phone numbers, Address This is required by an employer to liaise with an NCHD’s next of kin should an emergency situation arise.
Bank Details
- This is required by an employer to allow an NCHD to be paid into their bank account once they have commenced employment.
Pay Details
- – Medical HR will record NCHD’s pay details on DIME. NCHDs will be able to access these details on their NER account. These details include information relating to the payscale on which NCHDs are paid, the NCHD’s point on that scale and the NCHD’s incremental date.
Garda Vetting
- Garda vetting is a pre-employment requirement for all staff with access to vulnerable adults and children and is in line with the relevant legislation -National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Act 2012. This document is uploaded to ensure that employers are aware of an NCHDs Garda Vetting status.
Work Permit
- An NCHDs ’work permit is required to ensure that they are eligible to take up employment in the Republic of Ireland, where applicable.
Scanned Passport
- For security reasons your passport is required to verify your identification. It is also required for Garda Vetting purposes.
Birth Certificate
- This is required by employers, where applicable, for the purpose of registration in the superannuation scheme. It is also required for Garda Vetting purposes.
GNIB Card
- An NCHD’s GNIB card is required to ensure that they are eligible to take up employment in the Republic of Ireland, where applicable.
International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Certificate
- This is required by employers, where applicable, to ensure that potential employees where English is not their first language have passed they required IELTS exam and have achieved appropriate scores as per the HSE policy.
Marriage Certificate
This is required by employers, where applicable, for the purpose of registration in the superannuation scheme.
Training Certificates
- Including but not limited to ACLS, APLS, BLS, Cyber Security Awareness, Fire Training, Haemovigilance Training, Hand Hygiene, Management of Actual/Potential Aggression (MAPA), Mental Health Act 2021, Patient Handling, Radiation Protection, Children First Training, Professional Competence Scheme Certificate, Open Disclosure, Compass/NEWS, GDPR, Sepsis, Sepsis (Paediatric). The training certificates listed on a NCHDs NER account are the mandatory certificates required by their Employer. The list of mandatory certificates may be amended from time to time to comply with legislative and occupational requirements. If some of the certificates listed are not required, an employer may make the document type ‘not required’ and this will then be excluded from an NCHD’s NER account. NCHDs can contact employers directly if they require documents to be made either ‘required’ or ‘not-required’ on their dashboard. Fire Safety and Patient Handling are legislative requirements for all employees. The HSE may gather and publish statistics regarding compliance levels with training. However, the results of such research / statistics will be in a form that will not identify any individual. Further information relating to the mandatory training required for your role can be found in the training matrix available in the following location:
https://www.hse.ie/eng/staff/leadership-education-development/met/database/faq/mandatory-training-matrix-may-2024-final.pdf
.
Curriculum Vitae
Medical HR require access to an NCHD’s Curriculum Vitae to verify experience / references etc.
Evidence of International Medical Experience
- Medical HR require access to this information to verify previous experience and grant incremental credit where applicable.
Other
Any other information / certificates that a NCHD may feel is relevant to their employment.
Occupational Health: Pre Employment Health Assessment
- All employees must be passed fit for employment by a designated Occupational Health Department. This form is the standard form used for NCHDs in the Irish public health system. Details obtained in the form are private and confidential and will not be visible by Medical HR department. Medical HR will only see if you are or are not passed fit for employment.
Immunisation Status
- As part of the Occupational Health assessment NCHDs are required to upload details of their immunisation status. Information uploaded are private and confidential and will not be visible by Medical HR departments.
Certified & uncertified sick leave
- Medical HR will record certified and uncertified sick leave details for NCHDs. This information is required for the purposes of ensuring that NCHDs receive their statutory and contractual sick leave entitlements.
EPP Status
- There are a list of defined NCHD posts for which the postholder must have EPP clearance. This section of the form allows Occupational Health Departments to confirm if an NCHD has EPP clearance where applicable.
Training Supports / Clincal Course Exam & Refund Scheme Applications
- This  is  required by  employers  in  order  to  process  funding  claims  made  under  the  Training  Supports  Scheme (TSS) and Clinical Course Exam & Refund Scheme (CCERS).
Training Supports Scheme / Clinical Course Exam & Refund Scheme Supporting Documentation
- Supporting documentation  can  include receipts which must  be in line with the relevant   NFR’s,   Travel & Subsistence   documentation   (only   applicable   to   TSS),   proof   of attendance, certificate of completion, exam results etc.
e-Portfolio
- Information  uploaded  by  NCHDs  regarding  their  personal  training,  learning  and professional development..
6. What is the legal basis for processing your data
6.1 Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases for the processing of your data, including your health data, is your explicit consent provided by you when you accept the terms of this Notice and conditions for use of the NER portal or App below. Please note that such consent can be withdrawn at any time.
6.2 Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases for processing your information which is shared with the HSE and/or your Employer's HR Department and OHD from your NER account are:
Legitimate interests;
The performance of the contract with you to provide the NER online Service;
Consent;
for the purposes of carrying out the obligations and exercising specific rights of the HSE and your Employers or you in the field of employment and social security and social protection law;
where it is necessary for the purposes of the assessment of your working capacity, or the provision of health or social care or treatment or the management of health or social care systems.
6.3	The  HSE,  your  Employer’s  HR  or  OHD  may  also  process  your  health  data  contained  on  your NER account in the following exceptional circumstances:
where it is necessary to protect your vital interests;
where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
where it is necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health.
7. Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access
- You  have  the  right  to  ask  the  HSE  for  copies  of  your  personal information.
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask the HSE to rectify personal information you  think  is  inaccurate.  You  also  have  the  right  to ask  the  HSE to  complete information  you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask the HSE to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
- You  have  the  right  to  ask  the  HSE  to  restrict  the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
- You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that the HSE transfers the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, the HSE has one month to respond to you. Please contact the HSE Data Protection Officer at
dpo@hse.ie
or the DIME Team at
dime.team@hse.ie
8. 	How to complain
If  you  have  any  concerns  about  the  HSE’s  use  of  your  personal  information,  you  can  make  a complaint to the HSE Data Protection Officer at
dpo@hse.ie
You can also complain to the Data Protection Commission if you are unhappy with how the HSE used your  data  at
https://forms.dataprotection.ie/contact
or  by  post  to  21  Fitzwilliam  Square  South,  Dublin 2, D02 RD28, Ireland
NER TERMS & CONDITIONS DECLARATION AND ACCEPTANCE
By accepting these terms and conditions:
I confirm that all the information furnished on this NER account is true, and that I am aware of the qualifications and requirements for employment as a doctor and any specific requirements for individual  posts.  I  understand  that  I  may  be  required  to  submit  documentary  evidence  in  support  of any qualifications / experience provided by me in my NER account.
I  confirm  that  I  am  not  the  subject  of  any  investigation  by  any  medical  registration  body  in  any jurisdiction,  with  regard  to  my  medical  practice  or  conduct  as  a  practitioner.  I  have  not  been suspended from registration by any medical registration body in any jurisdiction in the last 10 years, nor am I the subject of any current suspension,
I confirm that I am not the subject of any investigation by any investigation unit in any jurisdiction, with  regard  to  my  medical  practice  or  conduct  as  a  practitioner..  I  have  not  been  suspended  from duties in any jurisdiction in the last 10 years, nor am I the subject of any current suspension.
I accept and confirm the entitlement of the HSE or my participating employer(s) to reject or revoke access to my NER account or, to terminate my employment (in the event of a contract of employment having  been  entered  into),  if  I  have  made  any  false  statement  or  misrepresentations  or  concealed information relevant to my NER account. I understand that if any of the details provided are found to be  false  or  inaccurate  in  any  way,  action  may  be  taken  to  withdraw  access  to  my  NER  account without notice, withdraw any offer of employment or invoke the disciplinary process.
I understand that the NER terms & conditions accepted by me remain enforceable for the duration that  I  hold  an  NER  account.     I  accept  that  HSE  may  in  its  sole  discretion  amend  the  terms  and conditions at any time by posting a revised version on the NER site (
https://www.nchder.ie/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f
).   I understand that if there are any substantial amendments to these terms and conditions the updated terms will be posted on the NER site, that I will  be  notified  at  logon  and/or  sent  a  notice  by  email.  I  understand  and  accept  I  will  be  required  to review and accept any updated terms and conditions prior to continuing to use the NER system.
Close