Privacy Policy
This privacy statement explains how we collect, share and use your personal information and how you exercise your privacy. This privacy statement applies to personal information that we collect through mobile applications.
1.Collect Information
The personal information we collect about you through the Services is divided into the following general categories:
1.1. Information you voluntarily provide
Some parts of our services may require you to voluntarily provide personal information. We may ask for certain information, such as:
Your Name;
When we ask you to provide your personal information, we will explain to you the personal information you are asked to provide and the personal information you are asked to provide.
1.2 Information we collect automatically
When you use our services, we may also automatically collect certain information from you and/or your device in accordance with applicable data protection laws, which may be treated as personal information, such as:
Data and analysis about your use of our services;
Your IP address and device identifier;
A general geographic location based on your IP address (such as country or city location).
1.3 Information we obtain from third parties
(a) Third party service providers. We may receive personal information about you from third party sources. We may receive your personal information, for example, when you use our app, click on the ad.
(
b
) Advertising partners. We may receive your personal information from other third party sources from time to time. For example, if you click on an ad to direct you to one of our services.
2.How to use information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
2.1 Providing and operating our services:
Give you the right version of the app
.
2.2 Improve our services and ensure their safety:
Receive error messages about any issues you have with your device, so we can fix bugs and interoperability issues
;
Detect and prevent illegal activities (such as hacking or deceptive behavior)
;
Research
.
2.3 other
Comply with our legal obligations
;
Exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or protect your important interests or the interests of any other person
;
Prevent and/or detect fraud or fraud
.
3.How to share your information
We will not share your personal data with third parties without your consent, unless we are forced to do so by law or by special circumstances (such as the detection or prevention of abuse or criminal activity). We may process your data outside of the country where you live. This can happen, for example, if the service provider of our analytics service is located outside of your country. In this case, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is legally processed and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
4.Your rights
You have the following data protection rights:
You may correct or update your personal information, object to the processing of your personal information, and ask us to limit the processing of your personal information or to require the portability of your personal information.
If we collect and process your personal information with your consent, you may revoke your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legality of any processing we do before you withdraw, nor will it affect your processing of your personal information on the grounds of legal processing rather than consent.
You have the right to complain to the data protection agency about the collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection agency.
To exercise your access or delete permissions, please submit a request via our email address. We will respond to all data protection requests we receive in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
5.How to store your information
We will retain your personal information for the time required to provide services to you. Therefore, your personal information will be retained for up to 1 year after the last use of our app. If we no longer need to process your personal information, we will remove it. However, please note that we may be subject to legal and regulatory requirements to retain personal data for longer periods of time, especially in accordance with any applicable statutory limitation period.
6.Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have taken appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect and protect the personal information we collect.
All personal information you provide to us is stored in a secure computing environment protected by a secure firewall to prevent unauthorized access. We control access so that only people who need access to personal information can access it. All employees receive safety training and must adhere to a set of safety policies, procedures and standards related to their work.
If your personal information needs to be disclosed to our service providers, we ask them to process and protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
7.Privacy Changes
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, we recommend that you check this page regularly for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting a new privacy policy on this page. These changes take effect immediately after they are posted on this page.
<!--[if !supportLists]-->
8.
<!--[endif]-->
How to contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
us at supports@nextstyletech.com