App Privacy Policy
Privacy policy app
By visiting this app or using any of our services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Privacy Statement. Your use of our app or services, and any dispute between us over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Statement. Loverzz is responsible for processing personal data, as shown in this privacy statement.
We process the following data
Loverzz processes your personal data because you use our services and / or because this information is given to us. Below is an overview of the personal data we process:
–
All your data stays anonymous, this means your personal data is not being collected.
–
We use Google Analytics to for insights into our app and track our traffic.
–
We use Crashlytics to improve our app.
https://www.gohoeorgohome.com
info@gohoeorgohome.com
Impuls 105, 1446 WL Purmerend
The Netherlands
Subscribe to our emails
Be the first to know about new collections and exclusive offers.
Email
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://gohoeorgohome.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We care about your privacy.
We use cookies and other similar technologies to make sure you have the best experience on our website.
Privacy policy
Manage preferences
OK
No, thanks
Skip to content
Your cart is empty
Continue shopping
Have an account?
Log in
to check out faster.
Loading...
Privacy policy
By visiting this website or using any of our services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Privacy Statement. Your use of our website or services, and any dispute between us over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, which is incorporated by reference into this Privacy Statement, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
Loverzz B.V. is responsible for processing personal data, as shown in this privacy statement.
We process the following personal data
Loverzz B.V. processes your personal data because you use our services and / or because this information is given to us. Below is an overview of the personal data we process:
First and last name
Address information
Phone number
E-mail address
Special and / or sensitive personal data that we process.
Our website and / or service has no intention of website visitor data to be collected under the age of 18 years. Unless they have permission from a parent or guardian. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is over 18. We therefore recommend parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, to collect that data on children to prevent without parental consent. If you're convinced that we have collected personal information without the consent of a minor, please contact us via info@gohoeorgohome.com, we will delete that information.
With which purpose, and on the basis of what, we process personal data?
Loverzz B.V. use your personal information for the following purposes:
The handling of your payment
Sending our newsletter and / or advertising brochure
For goods and services to deliver you out
Loverzz B.V. owns not only www.gohoeorgohome.com but also www.loverzz.nl
You could receive newsletters and / or advertising brochures from the following websites:
www.gohoeorgohome.com
www.loverzz.nl
www.valenta.com
How long do we keep personal information?
Loverzz B.V. keep your personal data no longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected.
We are required by law to keep your data at least 7 years. This relates to the data we use to process your order and execute the agreement you made with us.
If you have not been active in gohoeorgohome.com for 7 years, we automatically delete all data traceable to you.
Sharing personal data with third parties
Loverzz B.V. doesn’t sell your information to third parties and will provide it only if necessary, for the implementation of our agreement with you or to meet a legal obligation. With companies that process your data on our behalf, we enter into a processing agreement to provide the same level of security and confidentiality of your data.
Loverzz B.V.
remains responsible for this processing.
Cookies, or other techniques that we use
Loverzz B.V.
uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file, which on the first visit to this website, will be stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone.
Loverzz B.V.
uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website is working properly and that for example remembers your preferences. These cookies are also used to optimize this website. We place cookies to track your surfing habits so that we can provide customized content and advertising. At your first visit we have already informed you on our website about these cookies and we have asked your permission for their work. You can opt out of cookies through your internet browser to set these cookies to store no more. Additionally, you can delete all the previously stored information by using the browser settings. For an explanation see:
https://veiliginternetten.nl/themes/situatie/cookies-wat-zijn-het-en-wat-doe-ik-ermee/
View details, edit or delete
You have the right to correct, delete or to inform your personal. In addition, you have the right to get any permission to take the data in to or to oppose the processing of your personal data by Loverzz B.V. and you have the right to data portability. That means that you can submit to us a request to send the personal information we have from you in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you. You can request to access, correction, deletion, data transmission from your personal or request to withdraw your consent or objection sent to the processing of your personal data
info@loverzz.nl
. To ensure that the access request is made by you, we can ask you to send us a copy of your ID with the request. Make this copy of your passport, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers underneath the passport), passport number and Social Security Number (SSN) black. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond as soon as possible but within four weeks, at your request. Loverzz you also want to point out that you have the opportunity to submit a complaint to the national supervisory authority, the Authority for Personal Data. That can be done via the following link:
https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
How do we protect personal information?
Loverzz B.V.
takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent abuse, loss, unauthorized access, disclosure unwanted and unauthorized modification to counteract. If you feel that your information is still not well protected or there is evidence of abuse, please contact our customer service or via
info@
gohoeorgohome
.com
.
Contact information:
https://www.gohoeorgohome.com
info@
gohoeorgohome
.com
Loverzz B.V.
Impuls 105, 1446 WL  Purmerend
The Netherlands
CoC: 90527747
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.
Your are successfully subscribed for email notifications.
✖
Notify me when available
We will send you a notification as soon as this product is available again.
Do you want to get recurring notifications?
Your email is requried
Notify Me
x