Canva Design Maker
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Develops and publishes application(app) and game for mobile devices. “We,” “our,” or “us” refers to us in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you use our app and access any of our other products, services, content, website together referred to as “Services”. By using any Services, including when you use our app or play our games or access Services through social networks or mobile devices, you agree to the collection and use of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect Automatically
In addition, the Application and Game may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application and Game.
Information About You That You Share With Us Directly
When you use our Services, through a social network or through AppsStone, you may provide us information directly. We will store the information you provide us directly on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We primarily use the information we collect and store to improve the experience for our users in every app, but there are other uses as well,including:
Operate, improve and optimize our Services and our users’ experiences.
Personalize our Services for you.
Enforce our Terms of Service.
Manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising.
Conduct research.
How We Share Your Information
We will not share information which was collected automatically by us and was provided directly by users.
Third Party Advertising and Analytics
We allow advertising on our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free.
To our best knowledge, we do not share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you provide your consent.
When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share with them and with analytics providers the following types of information from our Services:
Performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement).
Aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other users collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (for example, players between the ages of 18 to 24 who live in US).
Certain technical information (such as, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs, and de-identified persistent device identifiers such as a hashed Android ID).
Your social network ID.
Other contextual data about how you use the app (such as session duration and app’s features which you used).
This information may be used to:
Measure the effectiveness of advertising.
How you advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as behavioural advertising).
Conduct analytics to improve your experience (such as Google Analytics which analyses traffic and player activity).
Advertisers or advertising networks may collect this information by using one of more tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons.
Data Security
We implement appropriate security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline, and we are committed to the protection of customer information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it frequently. You should periodically check this privacy page for updates. Your continued use of the Services signifies your acceptance of our Privacy Policy as modified.
Contact US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to admin@canvadesignmaker.space .