Mapway Privacy Policy
Here at Mapway, we believe that you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower you to make the best decisions, for you, about the information you share with us.
This is the purpose of our Privacy Policy.
You should read this Policy in full, but here are a few key points that we’d like you to take away:
Unlike other services, we do not require that you register with us or provide personal information such as your name, email address or phone number to use our services, they are offered to you free of charge and we will never collect this data unless you choose to provide them by contacting us.
Mapway is a private company which offers users free apps.
To pay for the maintenance and enhancement of these free apps we need to be able to monetise your use of our apps, primarily we do this through advertising.
To do this and to make adverts more relevant for you we will request that you allow us to receive some personal information from you such as your device ID (IDFA or AAID) and location; you may of course decline these requests.
As an alternative you can Subscribe to our Free apps, or where available, pay for our Pro versions.
As well as adding premium features, where available, this also removes advertising and significantly reduce the amount of data we collect from your use of our apps (see the full Policy).
In addition to Subscriptions your device also gives you control to limit the data we collect from you and how we use it.
Ultimately you can also choose to delete and stop using the app at which point any data collection will cease.
By using our apps, our website or contacting us you agree to the collection and use of certain data as described in this Policy.
We are the data controller, which means that we will determine the purposes for processing your personal data and the manner in which processing is carried out.
This Privacy Policy describes how we will use your personal data. If you have any queries on how we use your personal data, please contact us at
privacyteam@mapway.com
.
This Privacy Policy was last updated 12
th
May 2023.
We reserve the right to make changes to it and publish the latest version which shall then apply.
Information you share with us
We do not require you to directly provide any personal information to us to start using our services.
It is not necessary for you to have created an account, nor will we ever make your use of our apps public, other than occasionally quoting user reviews posted in app stores on our website or in other publicity.
Should you contact us directly (either via the app, website or a direct email) you will be providing your name, email address and (when contacting us from the app) an app ID.
We will keep the content of your message and contact information to enable us to respond to your request and feedback to our team, but for no other reason.
If using our myTrains service you will need to provide us with payment information, including your debit or credit card number, card expiration date, CVV code and billing address, in order to purchase train tickets.
We will never require that you provide payment information for any other services, all Subscriptions or the purchase of Pro versions of our apps is transacted via the appropriate app store and we never receive payment information about you from them.
Any carbon offset subscription you take out via our partner Furthr will be transacted by them and governed by their privacy policy (
https://furthr.earth/privacy-policy
).
Use of Shop & Save (where available) connects you with merchants through our trusted technology and transaction processing partner Kindred and is governed by their privacy policy (
https://event.kindred.co/privacy-policy
).
Additional information we receive about you – all users
Location information:
We require information about your current location to effectively offer you our services.
Subject to your settings, we may collect, use and store additional information about your location to operate or personalise our services such as nearest transit stops, transport disruption, etc.
You control whether we collect this data at all times or only when you are using the app, or even if we can collect this data at all.
If you choose not to share location, we will be unable to offer you our full level of intended service which relies on this data.
Cookies:
Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, some browsers’ settings can be modified to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer.
Analytic Data
:
We receive information when you interact with our apps and website, which we refer to as “Analytic Data”. For example, when you open the app we record this as a session so we can monitor which of our apps are being used most often, at what times of the day, etc; if the app crashes we log the screen you were viewing and other data such as if you have mobile reception to help us identify the cause of such crashes and fix them.
This information is collected by third-party SDKs (as identified later in this Policy) and we receive anonymised reports from this data to help us enhance our services.
Apple music services:
The Playlists feature in our Bus Times London app makes use of MusicKit on iOS 11 and above. This feature requires access to Apple Music, your music and video activity and your media library so that we can provide you with personalised playlists to listen to on your journey.
Granting this permission is necessary for the Playlists feature to work. We will never access your music for any other reason and will never access your non-music media (such as video or photos). In addition, we will never analyse or store your music preferences. This permission can be revoked at any time through your device settings.
Additional information we receive about you – certain users
The additional information we receive about you depends on whether you have purchased a Pro version or a Subscription.
If you have made these purchases, then this section does not apply to you.
Location information:
As well as offering our full service if you have not purchased our Pro or on of our Subscriptions we may share location data with other third-party partners (as identified in this Policy) for activities such as the personalisation of adverts so these may be more relevant and useful for you.
Links:
If you click on an ad in our apps, that advertiser may know that you came from a Mapway app, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach.
Advertisers and Other Ad Partners:
Advertising revenue allows us to support and improve our services. We use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads within the app and outside of it. Our ad partners and affiliates collect information such as advertising IDs and location where you have granted permission. Our ad partners collect the data via SDKs and this is not shared with us.
Information we share and disclose
Payment information:
If using myTrains we share your payment information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards.
Service providers:
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help us understand the use of our services, such as Flurry Analytics and Google Analytics. We may share your personal data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
Law, Harm, and the Public Interest:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, or disclose your personal data if we believe that it is necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the safety or integrity of our platforms; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defences or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s request to disclose your personal data.
Change of Ownership:
I
n the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your personal data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal data as transferred to the new entity.
Non-Personal Information:
We share or disclose non-personal data, such as aggregated information like the total number of downloads, monthly active users or sessions, or reports to advertisers about how many people saw or clicked on their ads.
Advertisers:
If you have not purchased a Pro version of the app or a Subscription then we may provide to third party advertising partners information about your activity on our app and your location. These partners may collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities to provide you contextual advertising based upon your interests and activity.
Our legal basis of processing data
We collect, use and share the data we have in the ways described above:
As necessary to deliver our Services to you;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
As necessary for our (and others’) legitimate interests, including our interests in providing an innovative, personalised and profitable service to our users and partners.
Managing your personal information with us
You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also stop using our apps.
Retention: When you give us any personal information, we will only hold this for as long as we need to perform the activities detailed in this Policy or have a valid reason to keep it.
We will also consider the type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements when considering retention.
We design our services so that we don’t hold your information any longer than we must.
EU, EFTA & UK:
If you are located in the UK, European Union or EFTA States, you can confidentially contact Mapway’s Privacy Team by emailing
privacyteam@mapway.com
. If you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Your rights under GDPR are as follows:
You have the right to be informed about our processing of your personal data;
You have the right to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal data completed;
You have the right to object to us processing your personal data;
You have the right to have your personal data erased, otherwise known as the ‘right to be forgotten’;
You have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you, and information on how we process it, commonly known as a ‘data subject access request’;
You have the right to move, copy or transfer your personal data (‘data portability’); and
You have rights in relation to automated decision making, including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
It has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection laws.
More information about the Information Commissioner’s Office can be found on their website –
www.ico.org.uk
.
Personal Control:
There are the ways in which you control the sharing and use of your information and ultimately you can also stop using our services and any time and delete our app so that no data is collected:
Remove Ads: Subscribing will stop your device making requests for adverts and the sharing of your data with third parties for commercial purposes.
Limit Ad Tracking: You will be asked whether you will allow ad tracking.
Even if you allow this you can remove this authority at any time from within your device settings.
In doing so you will still receive adverts, but they will be less relevant to you (and so probably more of an annoyance) as less information is made available to the advertisers.
Analytics data: We use this data anonymously to help us improve and fix bugs within our apps.
You can remove this from the settings in your device.
Location data: We need this data to provide our full services.
You can limit this within the settings on your device.
Our Global Operations
To bring you our services, we operate globally. Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United Kingdom, and any other country where we operate. In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country.
If we transfer personal data outside of the European Union or EFTA States, we will ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws and contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data.
Your privacy and protection are important to us, and we will not transfer your personal data until we are satisfied that your personal data will be protected.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at
https://www.mapway.com/privacy-policy-permissions/
. If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an in-app notification, instigating our full app on-boarding process or any other method we consider appropriate. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective: 12
th
May 2023
Previous versions of this Privacy Policy can be found
here
,
here
,
here
and
here
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://furthr.earth/privacy-policy:
top of page
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
10th January 2022
v4.1
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared as a customer of Furthr Ltd including the use of the website
www.furthr.earth
(the “Site”).
Data Controller & Processor
The data controller & processor is Furthr Ltd and is responsible for your personal data, also referred to as “we”,”us” or “our” in this privacy policy.
What Personal Information We Collect, How and Why We Use It
Any information about an individual from which a person can be identified is considered personal data (also known as personal information). Data where the identity has been removed (anonymised) is not considered personal data. Note that sentences at the end of "How & Why" paragraphs, following a dash ("-"), refer to why we use your personal information, also considered the lawful basis for processing.
Device Information
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information”.
We collect device information using the following technologies:
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” “cookies” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
How & Why
We use the device information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your time zone and IP address). All customers of Furthr should be residents of one of the Eligible Prize Draw Countries to be eligible to enter into our prize draws and this is one way we check this. - needed to comply with legal obligations.
We also use device information (and sometimes contact information from your order information) to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site), for advertising campaigns and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). - for our legitimate business interests (improving the site, the service and our advertising to you).
Order Information When You Make a Purchase
When you make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, payment information (including credit card numbers), billing address and email address. We also collect transaction details and financial information about your Furthr purchases, to manage your Furthr account and enter you into our prize draw if you are on a prize draw plan and a resident in one of the Eligible Prize Draw Countries. If you enter our prize draws through postal entry we will also collect your name, email address and consent to be contacted if you win. We refer to all of this information as “order information.”
Please note that payment information is never stored on Furthr servers and is only stored with our PCI compliant payment processor.
How & Why
We use your order information to register you as a new customer, enter you into a subscription and enter you into any prize draws where applicable. - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We will use your order information with our service providers and suppliers to complete certain functions on our behalf, including email software, survey software, secure data transfer, customer relationship management, technical, logistical or other functions, as may be required, so we can fulfil your orders - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We will also use your name and email address to contact you in the event that you win a prize for us to facilitate our online payment processor to send you your prize or to confirm the address you would like a prize to be sent to. - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We use transaction details and financial information to enter you into prize draw if applicable and keep your personalised impact metrics up to date. - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We use your name, email address and in some cases transaction details and financial information to respond to requests from you in order to manage our relationship with you. - to carry out the contract in place with you, - needed to comply with legal obligation, - for our legitimate business interests (to keep our data we hold up to date).
We may use your name and email address to take part in market research (including but not limited to a survey or request for an interview). - for our legitimate business interests (improving the site, the service and our advertising to you).
Order Information When You Sign Up Via A Benefits Provider Or Platform
When you sign up to our services via a benefits provider or platform, we collect certain information from you, including your name, company and email address.
How & Why
We use your order information to register you as a new customer, enter you into a subscription and enter you into any prize draws where applicable. - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We will use your order information with our service providers and suppliers to complete certain functions on our behalf, including email software, survey software, secure data transfer, customer relationship management, technical, logistical or other functions, as may be required, so we can fulfil your orders - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We will also use your name and email address to contact you in the event that you win a prize for us to facilitate our online payment processor to send you your prize or to confirm the address you would like a prize to be sent to. - to carry out the contract in place with you.
We use your name and email address to respond to requests from you in order to manage our relationship with you. - to carry out the contract in place with you, - needed to comply with legal obligation, - for our legitimate business interests (to keep our data we hold up to date).
We may use your name and email address to take part in market research (including but not limited to a survey or request for an interview). - for our legitimate business interests (improving the site, the service and our advertising to you).
Prize Winners
As our prize winners must be residents of one of the Eligible Prize Draw Countries and over the age of 18 or the age of majority, we require proof of address (utility bill or bank statement) before we can send both cash prizes and third party products. We will also require proof of age (Drivers licence) for those who win third party products. If the prize winner has won cash we require the email address linked to the prize winner’s PayPal account to pay the monies to but also evidences the winner is over the age of 18 (PayPal accounts only available for over 18s).
How & Why
We will look at your name, address, email address and age in order to prove your identity as being a resident of one of the Eligible Prize Draw Countries and over the age of 18 or the age of majority - needed to comply with legal obligation.
Marketing
Our site has sign up forms for users who want to be included in ongoing newsletters about Furthr’s progress and upcoming events. This signing up for newsletter and marketing materials will collect your name, email address and your consent to be contacted with marketing materials.
If you want to opt out of any marketing materials being sent to you, you can do so by following the link in the marketing materials previously sent to you or emailing us directly using the contact information at the bottom of the page.
How & Why
We will use your email address, consent and name to provide you with newsletters and other marketing materials. - consent.
We may use information about your use of the site, combined with technical information about your device and (in some situations) your contact and personal information, along with other relevant information that we collect from you or third parties (including aggregated information that we combine with your personal data), to deliver relevant content to the site and other direct marketing to you through various channels, including on social media platforms. - consent, - for our legitimate business interests (improving the site, the service and our advertising to you).
Correspondence Information
We may collect your name, email address and any other personal data you disclose through correspondence with Furthr. This may be through complaints, questions and queries about Furthr as part of email exchange or live chat. We may also collect personal data such as your email address, name and social media username if you interact with us through social media channels.
How & Why
We will use your email address and name in order to respond to any questions, complaints or queries you may have. - needed to comply with legal obligation, - for our legitimate business interests (in responding to any complaints, questions or queries ).
We may also use information about any transaction, financial information, copies of your correspondence with us, information about your use of the website, or technical information in order to deal with any complaint, request or query from you. - needed to comply with legal obligation, - for our legitimate business interests (in responding to any complaints, questions or queries ).
Childbase Partnership Sustainable Travel Challenge
As part of the Childbase Partnership Sustainable Travel Challenge we collect users first name and email address. We may also inadvertently collect other personal data disclosed through correspondence with Furthr or survey responses. This may be through survey feedback, survey answers, complaints or questions about Furthr as part of email exchange, surveys or live chat.
How & Why
We collect first name and email address as part of an initial optional survey for users, which, once captured, enables us to provide our services to users. Users can withdraw this consent at any time. We use this personal data exclusively for providing services relating to carbon footprint measurement and reduction advice. We also collect consent when capturing this information that users are happy with our use of their personal data in order to be provided our services. This personal data is shared with our digital survey software provider and email service provider. This personal data may be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States, in accordance with the purposes outlined in this paragraph. - consent; - to carry out the contract in place with you.
Sharing Your Personal Information With Third Parties
We share your personal information with trusted third parties to help us provide you the service, we do this in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes outlined above.
Payment providers - this includes signing up to a subscription plan to create a monthly payment as well as us being able to send you prize money should you win.
Our IT systems providers - in order to capture your order information and set you up as a customer, manage your account and communicate with you. This includes support, hosting and software licensing.
Marketing service providers - enables us to send emails and communications to you.
Digital survey companies - in order for us to conduct market and user research through surveys.
Social media platforms - in order to provide advertisements as well as for the purposes of undertaking profiling and behavioural modelling.
Online analytics companies - for us to run analytics on our website and understand how customers are using our service including the effectiveness of marketing.
Other third party providers - to any other third party where you have provided your consent directly with them.
Finally, we may also share your personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations where a lawful request for information has been received.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
(You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.)
International Transfers
Please note that your personal information may be transferred to third party providers who may process data outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States, in accordance with the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. Customers are entitled to know about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Economic Union and about the security measures taken by Furthr and third parties to safeguard their personal information.
Customers can find out more about what safeguards and measures for the protection of privacy rights Furthr has put in place by contacting Furthr using the information provided in the contact section.
Data Retention
Personal information will be retained for as long as is required by the purpose it is being collected for. Unless longer retention is required to comply with regulatory mandates or where we have a legitimate and lawful reason.
Where personal information has been collected in order to carry out the contract in place with customers, Furthr will retain the data for as long as the contract is still being completed.
Where personal information has been collected for legitimate business interests, data will be retained for as long as is necessary to complete those business interests, which are outlined in this privacy policy.
Where a customer has given consent for the collection and processing of personal information, Furthr may continue to process data up until the customer withdraws consent.
Once a retention period ends personal information will be deleted. After deletion, the right to rectification, the right to erasure, the right to access and the right to data portability cannot be fulfilled.
Data Protection and Privacy Commitments
As part of our commitment to data protection and privacy at [Your Company Name], our privacy policy incorporates crucial elements typically found in a Data Processing Agreement. This approach ensures that we maintain compliance with relevant data protection laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018, without the need for a separate DPA.
Key Elements Included in Our Privacy Policy:
Incident Reporting: In the event of a security incident or data breach, we commit to notifying the relevant parties promptly, aiming for within 48 hours, to facilitate immediate and effective action.
Data Subject Rights: We provide assistance with requests pertaining to data subject rights, ensuring compliance with individuals’ rights under data protection regulations.
Legal and Regulatory Compliance: Our policy and practices are aligned with national and international data protection laws, with regular updates to ensure ongoing compliance with evolving standards.
Data Processing Standards: When processing data on behalf of clients or third parties, we adhere to strict security and confidentiality standards, consistent with our role as a data processor.
Your Rights
You have the right to request / access personal information we hold about you (also known as a subject access request)
You can ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted
You can request the restriction of processing your personal information. This would suspend the processing of your personal information under the following scenarios:
If you have disputed the accuracy of our data about you and we are verifying that claim.
You can contact our Data Protection officer at
srujan@furthr.earth
Where the processing of your personal information has been unlawful but you do not want us to delete it
Where we no longer need your personal information but you need us to still hold your personal information as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims
You have objected to the processing of your personal information and we are in the process of verifying if we have legitimate grounds override those of the individual.
You can request your personal information be transferred to another data controller. This means we will provide to you, or a third party of your choice, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. This only applies to automated information you initially provided to us with consent and was then used for the carrying out of the contract with you.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information where we claim processing under legitimate business interests, if given your specific circumstances you feel it is impacting your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
You can withdraw consent at any time where you have previously given consent to the processing of your personal information.
Finally, you also have the right to make a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if you think that your personal information is not being processed in accordance with applicable data protection law.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us through the contact information below.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
Links to Third Party Sites
As part of our site we may have links to third party sites, please note that once on these third party sites you will be subject to their privacy policy.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. These changes will be posted to the site.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files sent by your browser to a website that you visit. These cookies are stored on your browser and allows us to record specific pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites.
Some cookies have been installed on the basis of consent, this consent can be withdrawn at any time through your web browser. We use cookies for 4 main reasons outlined below:
Operational necessity. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping-carts, saved search, or similar functions
Performance related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our website including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging or to improve our website content and services
Functionality related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing our site. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites
Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement. Our main partner are:
Facebook - to provide advertising services through Facebook’s advertising and marketing platforms and other social networking plug-ins or marketing tools
Google Analytics - Google Analytics is an online analytics platform that tracks your interactions with the website. Whilst the cookies are used to identify you as an user, they do not do so with personally identifiable information.
Behavioural Advertising
As described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK (INCLUDING INSTAGRAM) -
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE -
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:
http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
hello@furthr.earth
or by mail using the details provided below:
Furthr Ltd, Kemp House, 124 City Road, EC1V 2NX, United Kingdom
For Business
For Individuals
Verification & Transparency
Projects
Blog
Close
Contact Us
Speak to our experts
For Business
Measure
Reduce
Offset
Go Furthr
For Individuals
Personal Platform
Subscriptions
Plant a Tree
Redeem a Code
Log in
For Employees
Employee Benefit
Employee Reward
Projects
Climate Projects
Verification & Transparency
Partners
Employee Benefit Platforms
Employee Reward Platforms
About
About Furthr
Meet our Team
Case Studies
Get In Touch
Blog
FAQs
bottom of page
We use cookies on our website to see how you interact with it. By accepting, you agree to our use of such cookies.
Privacy Policy
Settings
Decline All
Accept
Sub-policy 1
https://event.kindred.co/privacy-policy:
Kindred Global Privacy Notices
Last updated 27 November 2024
In this privacy notice, we describe who we are, and how we look after your data. This notice applies to you if you browse our website, use the Kindred App, Kindred SDK, browser extension, APO's as well as the Add-on for Samsung (each are identified separately below).
You can manage your privacy preferences by contacting us on
privacy@kindredteam.com
or if you have used the Kindred CMP you can use that mechanism.
Part 1: Our approach
This section introduces us, the role we play in relation to your data, and our approach to protecting your data.
Who are we?
We are Kindred Soul Limited, a UK limited company, (‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’, ‘Kindred’) with a registered office at PEM, Salisbury House, Station Rd, Cambridge CB1 2LA.
We are registered with the UK Information Commissioner's Office under number ZA728760.
For any queries or requests relating to your data, how we collect or process it, or anything to do with this privacy notice, please contact us at privacy@kindredteam.com
What do we do?
Kindred provides several products on our platform/service that displays coupon codes and offers provided by advertisers as you shop online. In addition, Kindred will plant trees/donate to charities as purchases are made using commission paid by advertisers when you purchase online.
Kindred works with advertisers to provide insights into shopping behaviour and audience curation services, while users get access to discount codes to save money at advertisers. Kindred collects commission due from validated transactions from the advertiser and consent to the collection of data necessary to run the service.
What is this notice about?
We take your rights very seriously and have built our service to collect the minimum data necessary to provide a great service to you and our advertisers. Please take the time to understand how we collect, use, and process your data.
We collect and use certain data to deliver the Kindred experience to you when you use: our websites, www.kindred.co and app.kindred.co and sdk.kindred.co (collectively the ‘Websites’), The Kindred app (from the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store), the Kindred SDK, Kindred API service and the add-on for Samsung or other services (collectively the ‘Services’). Kindred serves as the data controller unless stated otherwise.
Our data capture technology is unique in that it has been designed to selectively capture a limited range1 of your shopping preferences. Kindred does not collect data indiscriminately and only captures data necessary to provide its services to you and to its clients and their third-party vendors. This enables Kindred to use IDs to work with approved third parties and provide insights and audience curation services. In return our users get additional benefits such as exclusive discounts and collectively contribute to environmental and charitable causes.
Kindred services are not intended for children, and we do not knowingly process data relating to children.
Please read this policy carefully so that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data, and how we will collect, use and process your personal data. If you do not agree with how we do this, please do not use our services or use this Website any further. Kindred participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Kindred’s identification number is 1245. Kindred operates the Consent Management Platform.
Part 2: What we collect and use
This section describes what data we collect, when, and how and we've set this out by way of a typical user journey (though it may not happen in that sequence)
Our interaction with you
What data we collect and from whom
What we do with your data
Legal basis for processing your data
Visiting our websites
We collect information about your browser, device, and activities on our websites.
We collect this data directly from you and you interaction with our Websites.
We collect, store, and use website visit data to make our website more intuitive and easier to use and protect the security and effective functioning of our websites.
Your data is stored in the UK or the Netherlands, and we keep it for up to 2 years.
We use third parties (see Part 4 below) based in the EU and the US to help us understand how you use our websites.
It is in our legitimate interests to monitor how our website is used to help us (a) improve the layout and information available on our website and provide a better service to our website users, (b) see website usage and statistics, and (c) monitor how our website is used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes, and the misuse of our website.
Making contact
When you contact us via the Website, email, telephone, instant chat, social media, we will collect and store the details you give us, which may include your first name and surname, email address, job title, company, and any other information you choose to provide us.
We collect this data directly from you when you contact us.
We use the data you provide us to communicate with you, answer your queries, and to respond to your requests.
Your data is stored in the UK or the Netherlands, and we keep it for up to 2 years and is not shared with any third parties,
except on occasion with service providers such as IT or security, to ensure that our services are maintained
.
Our legal basis for processing your data is legitimate interest, and we process your data to respond to you contacting us.
Signing up for our newsletter or alerts
If you sign up for our newsletters or alerts, we will collect your contact details. Depending on how you want to be contacted we will collect your name, email address and/or your phone number.
We collect this data directly from you.
We collect your data when you sign up for our newsletters or alerts so that we can provide you with the latest Kindred news and offers as they become available.
Your data is stored in the UK or the Netherlands, and we keep this until such times as you withdraw your consent. This data is not shared with any third parties,
except on occasion with service providers such as IT or security, to ensure that our services are maintained.
To process your data in this way, we ask for your consent at the time you sign up for the newsletter or alert.
You can withdraw your consent at any time, and if you do so we will be unable to continue to provide you with our newsletters of alerts.
Signing up
If you create an account, we will collect your contact details (name and email address) and another other details you may provide us (for example, phone number, nickname, Paypal account details, and consent to receiving marketing).
We collect this data directly from you.
We collect your data when you sign up for our services to manage your account, and where relevant, your marketing choice.
Your data is stored in the UK or the Netherlands, and we keep this until you close your account, and then for a further 6 years.
This data may be shared with third parties on occasion with service providers such as IT or security, to ensure that our services are maintained, or as necessary to manage your account.
It is in our legitimate interest to process your data when you sign up for an account, so that we can manage your account (to provide you cashback from merchants from whom you make a purchase and allow you to donate to a charity of your choice) and to communicate with you.
Where you have consented to us providing you marketing material, we use your consent to do so, and you have the right to remove that consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent to marketing, we will stop marketing to you (as described in the sign-up process), however the marketing undertaken prior to you withdrawing your consent is still lawful.
When you use our Websites or Services (e.g., App, browser extension services).
This is the default for all Kindred users.
Information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone, or other device, including:
•  Device identifier, device name, operating system, and browser type, country code
•  Pseudonymous Kindred user ID
•  Randomly assigned click IDs for each visit
•  Website URL (domain name)
We collect this data directly from you.
We use your data to:
•  To administer the app and browser extension services
•  To personalise your experience
•  To provide you with support
We use third parties (see also Part 4 below) based in the EU and the US to help us understand how you use our websites.
Your data is stored up to 2 years.
In all interactions with our App and services (see also below for App, browser extension service, Add-on for Samsung) on first usage, we ask for your explicit permission to collect specific information from your device. We do not assume you have already given permission and provide you an opt-in permission button to allow us to do so. Only when you have given us permission do we start to collect the information.
We use legitimate interest to process your data as described under 'What we do with your data'.
When you use our Websites or Services (e.g., App, browser extension services, API).
When you use our services, we process information sent to us by your device (e.g., computer, tablet, mobile phone) where you have installed the App and activated the extension including:
•  Country code
•  Device identifier, device name, operating system, and browser type, country code
•  IP address
•  Pseudonymous Kindred user ID
•  Randomly assigned click IDs for each visit
•  Selected keywords from your search strings
•  Website URL (domain name)
•  MAID's (Mobile Advertising ID's)
We collect this data directly from you.
We may also collect third party advertising IDs where these have been made available to us by our partners.
We refer to the above as ‘App Data’.
We process your data for the following purposes, in our legitimate interest:
•  To select advertising using limited data
•  To measure advertising performance
•  To measure content performance
•  To understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
•  To develop and improve audience services
•  To select content using limited data
•  To license the 'App data'
‘App data’ is stored in the UK or the EU for up to 2 years or less.
We share ‘App data’ with our partners according to the relationship we have with them, e.g., service providers, business customers (see also Part 4 below).
We use legitimate interest to process your data to provide our services.
Kindred provides you control over our processing under legitimate interest by contacting us using the email address provided above.
When you use our Websites or Services (e.g., The Kindred App, Kindred SDK, Add-on for Samsung, and Kindred API services) and have used our CMP TCF UI (our privacy preference management facility) to manage your privacy preferences.
When you use our services, we process information sent to us by your device (e.g., computer, tablet, mobile phone) where you have installed the App and activated the extension including:
•  Country code
•  Device identifier, device name, operating system, and browser type
•  IP address
•  Selected keywords from your search strings
•  Website URL (domain name)
•  Your consent and transparency preferences
We collect this data directly from you.
We may also collect third party IDs where these have been made available to us by our partners.
We refer to the above as ‘App Data’.
We process your data for the following purposes, only with your consent:
•  To store and/or access information on a device
•  To create profiles for personalised advertising
•  To use profiles to select personalised advertising
•  To create profiles to personalise content
•  To use profiles to select personalised content
•  To save and communicate privacy choices
We process your data, in our legitimate interest, for the following purposes:
•  To select advertising using limited data
•  To measure advertising performance
•  To measure content performance
•  To understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
•  To develop and improve audience services
•  To select content using limited data
•  To license the 'App data'
‘App data’ is stored in the UK or the EU for up to 2 years or less if you withdraw your consent.
We share ‘App data’ with our partners according to the relationship we have with them, e.g., service providers, business customers (see also Part 4 below).
We ask for your consent to process your data as described under 'What we do with your data'.
You can manage your privacy preferences (consent and legitimate interest) for each individual purpose using the Kindred TCF CMP UI (a popup available on all our Websites and Services). This gives you control over your consent and allows you to opt-in (give your consent) and opt-out (withdraw your consent), or object to our processing under legitimate interest, to any of these purposes at any time.
When you use our partners' services and they provide us information they have collected about you.
When you use our partners' services, we process information sent to us by them which may include:
• Carrier
• Cell tower information
• Country code
• Device identifier, device name, make and model, operating system and version, and browser type and language
• Geolocation data
• Hashed mobile phone
• Hashed email address
• IP address
• MAID (mobile advertising ID)
• Postal code
• Website URL (domain name)
• Other Advertising ID's
We refer to the above as ‘App Data’.
We process your data, in our legitimate interest, for the following purposes:
•  To select advertising using limited data
•  To measure advertising performance
•  To measure content performance
•  To understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
•  To develop and improve services
•  To select content using limited data
•  To license the 'App data'
‘App data’ is stored in the UK or the EU for up to 2 years or less.
We share ‘App data’ with our partners according to the relationship we have with them, e.g., service providers, business customers (see also Part 4 below).
We use legitimate interest to process your data to provide our services to our partners.
Kindred provides you control over our processing under legitimate interest by contacting us using the email address provided above.
Legal basis: what it means
Data protection law requires that we only process your personal data when we have identified a valid legal basis to do so. There are six available legal bases for processing. No single basis is ‘better’ or more important than the others and depending on the relationship we have with you will determine which basis is most appropriate.
You’ll have seen one or more of the following identified as a legal basis (under ‘How we use it’ above):
Consent
Consent, as a lawful basis for us to process your personal data, means that we have asked you for your explicit consent to process your data. Pre-ticked boxes are not allowed to collect your consent and you can withdraw your consent at any time.
This also means that we can only process data under this basis if (a) we have been clear and unambiguous about the purposes for which we are processing your data, (b) that you have given your consent freely, and (c) we provide a means for you to withdraw your consent as easily as it was for you to give us your consent.
We must ask you for your permission (your ‘consent’) to process your data under the legal basis of consent before we process your data. If you have given your consent, you can withdraw it, which can be done by using the Kindred TCF CMP UI (if available), deactivating the browser extension, uninstalling the app, or emailing us at the address below.
If you withdraw your consent this does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Legitimate interest
Legitimate interest allows us to process your personal data for our own interests and this can include our commercial interests, or broader societal benefits, for example contributing to charities.
This also means that we must provide you the details of the processing as well as what our legitimate interests are. Importantly, we are also required to ensure that our interests do not override your rights.
We do not need to ask permission to process your data under legitimate interest, however you can object to this, which can be done by using the Kindred TCF CMP UI (a popup available on all our Websites and Services), deactivating the browser extension, uninstalling the app, or emailing us at the address below.
It is important to Kindred that you know and understand your rights regarding Kindred’s processing of your personal data, so we ask you to read ‘Part 3: Responsibilities and Rights’ carefully.
Part 3: Rights, responsibilities
This section describes our responsibilities and your rights with regard to your data.
Our responsibilities
Data Protection law requires that we process your personal data in accordance with established data protection principles
Principle
What it means
Lawfulness, fairness, and transparency
We must only process your personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Purpose limitation
We collect your personal data only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes.
Data minimisation
We ensure that your personal data is adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to the services that we are providing you.
Accuracy
We ensure that your personal data is accurate and where necessary, kept up to date.
Storage limitation
We ensure that your personal data is not kept in a form which allows for you to be identified for longer than is necessary.
Integrity and confidentiality
We process your personal data in a manner that ensures its security using appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction, or damage.
Your rights
You have several rights under data protection law, that Kindred is required to uphold. It is important to recognise that not all rights apply all the time, which means some rights are dependent on our relationship and interactions with you.
Your right
What it means
Access
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal data.
This right always applies, however there may be some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the personal data we process.
Rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify any of your personal data that you think is inaccurate or incomplete.
This right always applies.
Erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data:
·       Where it is no longer required for purpose for which it was collected, or
·       Where you withdraw your prior consent to us processing it and we have no other legal ground for processing it, or
·       Where it is being processed unlawfully, or
·       When it must be erased to comply with a legal obligation, or
·       Where it is being used for direct marketing purposes where we have no legitimate grounds for us doing so.
Restriction
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data:
·       Where it is inaccurate (allowing us to verify the accuracy), or
·       Where it is being processed unlawfully (and you want us to stop processing rather than erasing it), or
·       Where you have objected to us processing it while we’re verifying whether we have legitimate grounds for processing, or
·       Where it is no longer required for purpose for which it was collected, and you want us to keep it for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims.
Portability
You have the right to ask us to transfer the information you provided us from one organisation to another or give it to you.
This only applies if we are processing personal data based on your consent or as part of a contract, or in talks with you about entering into a contract and the processing is automated.
This only applies to personal data you have given us.
Objection
You have the right to object to processing your personal data if:
·       We are using legitimate interests as our lawful basis for processing, or
·       It is being used for direct marketing.
Withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent that you have previously given to us for one or more specified purposes to process your personal data.
This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
It may mean we are not able to provide certain products or services to you and we will advise you if this is the case.
Our other obligations
We are also required to tell you about a few other things
Your right
What it means
Complaints
You have the right to complain to a Supervisory Authority, in the UK that is the
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
We would however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a Supervisory Authority so please consider contacting us first.
Opting out of marketing emails
You can opt out of any marketing at any time by emailing us at
privacy@kindredteam.com
or by clicking the opt-out or unsubscribe button found in the footer of promotional emails.
Automated decision-making and profiling
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making, unless you have given us your consent to do so, or it is necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we have collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at
privacy@kindredteam.com
.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of your data
Kindred shares your data to support its relationship and interactions with you, with those identified in ‘Part 4: Your Data’
Breaches
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Dealing with your requests
We will deal with your requests as soon as possible which may take up to 1 (one) month and if this is likely to take longer, we will contact you and explain the situation (possibly extended to 3 months where the law permits). Normally there is no charge, however we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive or we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Third-party sites
Our Website may provide links to the websites of third parties, for example, the brands and merchants that we're connecting you with. They have their own privacy notices, policies, procedures, and activities which we do not control. Please check their policies before you submit any information via those websites.
Security
Kindred is ISO27001 certified, and we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, destroyed, or accessed without authorisation. This includes consideration of security during the design and development of our services and products.
While no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be secure, we implement a range of commercially reasonable physical, technical, and procedural measures to help protect personal data. These measures include policies, confidentiality agreements with third parties, secure development practices, security due diligence of service providers, products, services that may be used.
Part 4: Your Data
This section lists our service providers and other entities, who may have access to your data when you use the Website or App.
As with most technology businesses, we use third parties to host our Website and App and manage certain processes and business operations. This means sharing your data. We do it only when strictly necessary and we make sure there are safeguards in place. If it requires transferring data outside of the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, we make sure that it's done under available lawful mechanisms.
Provider
Purpose and use
Who does it apply to?
Where
More details
Azure
Cloud storage provider which hosts the App, stores Kindred data you provide and provides disaster recovery
All users and partners.
EU , US, SG, IN
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/trusted-cloud/privacy/
Hubspot
Customer relationship management information
partners - B2B contact details only.
UK
https://www.hubspot.com/data-privacy/gdpr
Freshdesk
Customer relationship management information
Kindred app only - help desk
EU
https://freshdesk.com/gdpr
CustomerIO
Customer relationship management information
Kindred app only
EU
https://www.customer.io/docs/privacy/
Advertisers, Publishers, Agencies and advertising networks
Store your personal data to select and serve relevant adverts to you, unless you have opted out of personalised adverts
Kindred app, browser extensions and website service users
EU, US, SG, IN
Segment
Data analytics to assist us in improving and optimising the Website and App
Kindred app only
EU
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
Mixpanel
Data analytics to assist us in improving and optimising the Website and App
Kindred app only
EU
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google Analytics
Data analytics to assist us in improving and optimising the Website and App
Kindred app only
EU, US
https://safety.google/
Optable
Data management platform
Kindred app, browser extensions and website service users
EU
https://terms.optable.co/privacy/privacy-policies/products-and-services
Other disclosures
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities and other organisations if legally required to do so, or if it's reasonably necessary to comply with the law, investigate and enforce any breaches of our terms of use, detect and prevent fraud or security breaches, reduce our credit risk exposure, and protect the rights and safety of Kindred and our users. We may share data with our service providers such as IT or security service providers, to ensure that our services are maintained. If we sell our business, we may need to disclose your data to the prospective buyer, and your data will form part of the assets transferred to the buyer on completion of the sale. We may also operate as a data processor on behalf of our clients. This means we process personal data strictly under their instructions and in accordance with the terms outlined in the Data Processing Agreements (DPAs) with those clients.
Kindred does not collect or process any sensitive personal data (special categories of data), such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or biometric data, health data, or data concerning a person's sex life or sexual orientation.
Kindred does not collect or process any personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences.
Well done for reaching the end!
We'd love you to be comfortable with how we collect and use your data. If you have any questions or suggestions, please email
privacy@kindredteam.com
US State Law Privacy Notice Addendum
This US State Law Privacy Addendum (‘Addendum’) supplements the Kindred Global Privacy Notice and provides the information that certain US states require us to tell you in addition to the Kindred Global Privacy Notice (
https://event.kindred.co/privacy-policy
).
Each US state’s laws apply to their residents only and are available when that state’s law is effective. Different terms are used, such as ‘personally identifiable information’ or ‘personal information’. Kindred also uses the term ‘Personal Data’ in its Global Privacy Notice.
California
Definitions
Term
What this means
CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, and any regulations made under it
Personal Information
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, and includes (a) identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers, (b) biometric information, (c) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement, (d) commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies (e) geolocation data, and (f) inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this list to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behaviour, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Sensitive Personal Information
Personal Information that reveals (a) a consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number, (b) a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, (c) a consumer’s precise geolocation, (d) a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, citizenship or immigration status, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership, (e)  the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication, (f) a consumer’s genetic data
Personal Data Collected
We may  collect (and during the last 12 months, may have collected) the following categories of personal data, sources of personal data, collection purposes, and categories of recipients – for details please see ‘Part 2: What we collect and use ’ above.
Your Rights Under the CCPA
You can exercise your rights by making verifiable request (meaning that we need to be able to confirm that the person making the request is the person to whom the personal data pertains or someone who is legally authorised to act on that person’s behalf – this is done to protect you and us) to Kindred by contacting us at
privacy@kindredteam.com
.
If you are using the Kindred CMP UI, this also allows you to exercise your ‘Do Not Sell my Personal Information’ right (see ‘Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information’ in the table below).
Your Rights under the CCPA
What this means
Right to Delete Personal Information
You have the right to ask us to delete any personal information about you which we have collected from you
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate personal information relating to you that we have collected
Right to Know What Personal Information is Being Collected. Right to Access Personal Information
You have the right to ask us to tell you about the personal data relating to you that we have collected. Please also see Section ‘Personal Data Collected’ in this Addendum.
Right to Know What Personal Information is Sold or Shared and to Whom
You have the right to ask us to tell you about your personal data that we sell, share, or disclose for a business purpose. Please also see Section ‘Personal Data Collected’ in this Addendum.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information (aka ‘Do not Sell my Personal Information’)
You have the right to ask us not to sell or share your personal information
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Kindred does not collect sensitive personal information
Right of No Retaliation Following Opt Out or Exercise of Other Rights
Kindred will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights mentioned in this Addendum
Kindred will respond to your requests within 45 calendar days and if the request is complex, we may notify you of a 45-day extension (potentially totalling 90 days).
Other US states
If your state is not listed in the following table, please see the Kindred Global Privacy Notice above for a description of your rights.
Definitions
Term
What this means
State Privacy Laws
The relevant privacy and data protection laws as they become effective including the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (2022), Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act (2023), Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act (2023), Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act (2023), Kentucky Consumer Data Protection Act (2024), Maryland Online Data Privacy Act (2024), Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act (2024), Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (2023), Nebraska Data Privacy Act (2024), Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (2023), Rhode Island Data Transparency and Privacy Protection Act (2024), Tennessee Information Protection Act (2023), Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (2023), Utah Consumer Privacy Act (2022) and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (2021) in each case as amended and including any regulations made under each.
Your Rights Under Other States’ Privacy Laws
You can exercise your rights by making verifiable request (meaning that we need to be able to confirm that the person making the request is the person to whom the personal data pertains or someone who is legally authorised to act on that person’s behalf – this is done to protect you and us) to Kindred by contacting us at
privacy@kindredteam.com
.
If you use the Kindred CMP UI, this also allows you to exercise your ‘Do Not sell my Personal Information’ right’ (snip shown below)
While US state privacy law is undergoing change and currently with no comprehensive federal privacy law (e.g., like the UK and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)) the following table provides an overview of the categories of rights available to data subjects.
Your Rights under other States’ law
What this means
Right to access
You have the right to ask us for the information or categories of information or categories of information we collect, process, and share with third parties, or the specific third parties or categories of third parties to which the information was shared
Right to correct
You have the right to request that we correct, but not delete, incorrect or outdated personal information
Right to delete
You have the right to request deletion of your personal information about the consumer under certain condition
Right to opt out of certain processing
You have the right to restrict our ability to process your personal information
Right to portability
You have the right to request personal information be disclosed in a common file format
Right to opt out of sales
You have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information to third parties
Right to opt in for sensitive data processing
You have the right to opt in before we can process your sensitive data
Right against automated decision-making
You have the right to ask and stop us from making decisions about you based solely on an automated process without human input
Please be aware that not every state supports each the above privacy rights, for example the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act (2023) and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (2022).
Kindred will respond to your requests within one month of receipt of the request according to the Kindred Global Privacy Notice, unless specified differently in your state’s privacy law.
Personal Data Collected
Please see section ‘Personal Data Collected’ under California in this Addendum.
Kindred does not knowingly collect, sell, or share the Personal Information of those under 16 years of age.
Kindred does not collect Sensitive Personal Information.
Addendum Update
This US State Law Privacy Notice Addendum was last updated on 22/08/2024.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mapway.com/privacy-policy-permissions/:
Mapway Privacy Policy
Here at Mapway, we believe that you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower you to make the best decisions, for you, about the information you share with us.
This is the purpose of our Privacy Policy.
You should read this Policy in full, but here are a few key points that we’d like you to take away:
Unlike other services, we do not require that you register with us or provide personal information such as your name, email address or phone number to use our services, they are offered to you free of charge and we will never collect this data unless you choose to provide them by contacting us.
Mapway is a private company which offers users free apps.
To pay for the maintenance and enhancement of these free apps we need to be able to monetise your use of our apps, primarily we do this through advertising.
To do this and to make adverts more relevant for you we will request that you allow us to receive some personal information from you such as your device ID (IDFA or AAID) and location; you may of course decline these requests.
As an alternative you can Subscribe to our Free apps, or where available, pay for our Pro versions.
As well as adding premium features, where available, this also removes advertising and significantly reduce the amount of data we collect from your use of our apps (see the full Policy).
In addition to Subscriptions your device also gives you control to limit the data we collect from you and how we use it.
Ultimately you can also choose to delete and stop using the app at which point any data collection will cease.
By using our apps, our website or contacting us you agree to the collection and use of certain data as described in this Policy.
We are the data controller, which means that we will determine the purposes for processing your personal data and the manner in which processing is carried out.
This Privacy Policy describes how we will use your personal data. If you have any queries on how we use your personal data, please contact us at
privacyteam@mapway.com
.
This Privacy Policy was last updated 12
th
May 2023.
We reserve the right to make changes to it and publish the latest version which shall then apply.
Information you share with us
We do not require you to directly provide any personal information to us to start using our services.
It is not necessary for you to have created an account, nor will we ever make your use of our apps public, other than occasionally quoting user reviews posted in app stores on our website or in other publicity.
Should you contact us directly (either via the app, website or a direct email) you will be providing your name, email address and (when contacting us from the app) an app ID.
We will keep the content of your message and contact information to enable us to respond to your request and feedback to our team, but for no other reason.
If using our myTrains service you will need to provide us with payment information, including your debit or credit card number, card expiration date, CVV code and billing address, in order to purchase train tickets.
We will never require that you provide payment information for any other services, all Subscriptions or the purchase of Pro versions of our apps is transacted via the appropriate app store and we never receive payment information about you from them.
Any carbon offset subscription you take out via our partner Furthr will be transacted by them and governed by their privacy policy (
https://furthr.earth/privacy-policy
).
Use of Shop & Save (where available) connects you with merchants through our trusted technology and transaction processing partner Kindred and is governed by their privacy policy (
https://event.kindred.co/privacy-policy
).
Additional information we receive about you – all users
Location information:
We require information about your current location to effectively offer you our services.
Subject to your settings, we may collect, use and store additional information about your location to operate or personalise our services such as nearest transit stops, transport disruption, etc.
You control whether we collect this data at all times or only when you are using the app, or even if we can collect this data at all.
If you choose not to share location, we will be unable to offer you our full level of intended service which relies on this data.
Cookies:
Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, some browsers’ settings can be modified to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer.
Analytic Data
:
We receive information when you interact with our apps and website, which we refer to as “Analytic Data”. For example, when you open the app we record this as a session so we can monitor which of our apps are being used most often, at what times of the day, etc; if the app crashes we log the screen you were viewing and other data such as if you have mobile reception to help us identify the cause of such crashes and fix them.
This information is collected by third-party SDKs (as identified later in this Policy) and we receive anonymised reports from this data to help us enhance our services.
Apple music services:
The Playlists feature in our Bus Times London app makes use of MusicKit on iOS 11 and above. This feature requires access to Apple Music, your music and video activity and your media library so that we can provide you with personalised playlists to listen to on your journey.
Granting this permission is necessary for the Playlists feature to work. We will never access your music for any other reason and will never access your non-music media (such as video or photos). In addition, we will never analyse or store your music preferences. This permission can be revoked at any time through your device settings.
Additional information we receive about you – certain users
The additional information we receive about you depends on whether you have purchased a Pro version or a Subscription.
If you have made these purchases, then this section does not apply to you.
Location information:
As well as offering our full service if you have not purchased our Pro or on of our Subscriptions we may share location data with other third-party partners (as identified in this Policy) for activities such as the personalisation of adverts so these may be more relevant and useful for you.
Links:
If you click on an ad in our apps, that advertiser may know that you came from a Mapway app, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach.
Advertisers and Other Ad Partners:
Advertising revenue allows us to support and improve our services. We use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads within the app and outside of it. Our ad partners and affiliates collect information such as advertising IDs and location where you have granted permission. Our ad partners collect the data via SDKs and this is not shared with us.
Information we share and disclose
Payment information:
If using myTrains we share your payment information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards.
Service providers:
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help us understand the use of our services, such as Flurry Analytics and Google Analytics. We may share your personal data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
Law, Harm, and the Public Interest:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, or disclose your personal data if we believe that it is necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the safety or integrity of our platforms; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defences or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s request to disclose your personal data.
Change of Ownership:
I
n the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your personal data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal data as transferred to the new entity.
Non-Personal Information:
We share or disclose non-personal data, such as aggregated information like the total number of downloads, monthly active users or sessions, or reports to advertisers about how many people saw or clicked on their ads.
Advertisers:
If you have not purchased a Pro version of the app or a Subscription then we may provide to third party advertising partners information about your activity on our app and your location. These partners may collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities to provide you contextual advertising based upon your interests and activity.
Our legal basis of processing data
We collect, use and share the data we have in the ways described above:
As necessary to deliver our Services to you;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
As necessary for our (and others’) legitimate interests, including our interests in providing an innovative, personalised and profitable service to our users and partners.
Managing your personal information with us
You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also stop using our apps.
Retention: When you give us any personal information, we will only hold this for as long as we need to perform the activities detailed in this Policy or have a valid reason to keep it.
We will also consider the type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements when considering retention.
We design our services so that we don’t hold your information any longer than we must.
EU, EFTA & UK:
If you are located in the UK, European Union or EFTA States, you can confidentially contact Mapway’s Privacy Team by emailing
privacyteam@mapway.com
. If you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Your rights under GDPR are as follows:
You have the right to be informed about our processing of your personal data;
You have the right to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal data completed;
You have the right to object to us processing your personal data;
You have the right to have your personal data erased, otherwise known as the ‘right to be forgotten’;
You have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you, and information on how we process it, commonly known as a ‘data subject access request’;
You have the right to move, copy or transfer your personal data (‘data portability’); and
You have rights in relation to automated decision making, including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
It has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection laws.
More information about the Information Commissioner’s Office can be found on their website –
www.ico.org.uk
.
Personal Control:
There are the ways in which you control the sharing and use of your information and ultimately you can also stop using our services and any time and delete our app so that no data is collected:
Remove Ads: Subscribing will stop your device making requests for adverts and the sharing of your data with third parties for commercial purposes.
Limit Ad Tracking: You will be asked whether you will allow ad tracking.
Even if you allow this you can remove this authority at any time from within your device settings.
In doing so you will still receive adverts, but they will be less relevant to you (and so probably more of an annoyance) as less information is made available to the advertisers.
Analytics data: We use this data anonymously to help us improve and fix bugs within our apps.
You can remove this from the settings in your device.
Location data: We need this data to provide our full services.
You can limit this within the settings on your device.
Our Global Operations
To bring you our services, we operate globally. Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United Kingdom, and any other country where we operate. In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country.
If we transfer personal data outside of the European Union or EFTA States, we will ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws and contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data.
Your privacy and protection are important to us, and we will not transfer your personal data until we are satisfied that your personal data will be protected.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at
https://www.mapway.com/privacy-policy-permissions/
. If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an in-app notification, instigating our full app on-boarding process or any other method we consider appropriate. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective: 12
th
May 2023
Previous versions of this Privacy Policy can be found
here
,
here
,
here
and
here
.