Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to maintaining your privacy, in accordance with the the Data Protection Act 1998 (“DPA”), and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time. The Terms were most recently updated on 22nd May 2018.
Information we collect about you
During your use of the Sites (including for browsing and purchasing), your registration and use of the SorelleUK Account and your interaction on the Social Media and when you purchase items from or participate in any promotions on or linked to the Sites and/or on the Social Media we may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
a. We ask for your name, telephone number, home address, delivery address, email address and credit card and other payment details when you purchase items from the Sites (“Items”). We will also ask for this information when you register a SorelleUK an account. We will generate an order number which will be linked to your details when you place an order on the Sites (“Order”).
b. You may also give us information about you when you fill in forms on the Sites or when you correspond with us on the Social Media for example when you register to subscribe to our newsletters and emails, when you enter into our prize draws, competitions and other promotions, when you complete forms to receive particular offers or when you participate in our Social Media activities or surveys. In such circumstances you may provide additional information about you such as your photograph and other images and identifying information, your interests and hobbies, details of your Social Media accounts, posts and preferences;
c. You may also give us information about you when you submit reviews, profiles, images, videos, instructions, comments, feedback, ideas, suggestions or other information or materials via the Sites or the Social Media, whether relating to our Sites, products, promotions or other matters upon which you wish to comment (“Contributions”).
You must ensure in all instances that the information you provide is personal to you and no one else (for example you must only provide an email address that only accessible by you and not any other person. You should not use another person’s email address or a generic email address). You must also ensure that the information you provide is accurate and up to date. By providing information about you to us you warrant that the information you provide is personal to you and is accurate and up to date, and that you will keep us informed of any changes.
Information we collect about you.
When you use the Sites and the Social Media we may automatically collect the following information:
a. technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
b. information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Sites (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service numbe;
c. how many times you have been on the Site and information about your Order including the Items you have purchased and details you inputted when placing your order including your name, email address delivery address and telephone number (this will be linked to the email address you use when you place an Order or your SorelleUK Account where you have registered a SorelleUK Account with us).
Further information on the technology we use to collect some of this information is available on our Cookies Policy
Information we receive from other sources.
We work closely with third parties (including, for example, carriers who deliver Items to you, card protection and payment processing companies that process your payments for Items, business partners (including without limitation third parties that provide promotions and prizes on the Sites and/or Social Media and third parties that we consider you may be interested in based on your preferences and use of our Sites), sub-contractors of warehouse management, customer service and in technical, advertising market research and promotions management functions, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them
Use made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
a. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us for example to process and fulfil your Order, to enter you into a prize draw, competition or other promotion (where requested) or to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us. This may require disclosure to third parties for example card processing agencies, banks, shipping providers and carriers, fraud protection agencies and suppliers of gifts and prizes for our competitions, prize draws and other promotions;
b. to tailor or service to you and ensure that we can process your Order in the most efficient manner for you, and to overall improve your experience on the Sites;
c. to involve you in our promotions (at your request). We may want to use the information that you provide in this context for additional purposes
d. to interact with you using the Social Media. Features such as the “like”, “retweet”, “repost” and “share” on the Social Media may allow us to enable integration and/or access to your accounts on the Social Media. Please note we do not control Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or Youtube (“Social Media Sites”), your profile/account on the Social Media Sites, we do not modify your account or your privacy settings on the Social Media Sites and we do not establish rules about how your personal information will be used when you use the Social Media Sites. You and the relevant provider of the Social Media Sites will be in control of those issues and not us. You are encouraged to read all policies and information on the applicable Social Media Sites to learn more about how they handle your information before using the Social Media Sites and any features on the Social Media Sites;
e.to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about and to notify you of our offers and promotions, by telephone, email, SMS and post. You can unsubscribe from our mailing list by writing to our Customer Care team at info@Sorelleuk.com
f. to allow our carefully selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services that may interest you.;
g. to notify you about changes to the Sites, your Order, our terms and conditions and our service;
h. to ensure that content on the Sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you
. We will use this information:
a. to administer the Sites and the Social Media and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
b. to process, fulfil and keep a record of Orders placed;
c. to tailor our service you and to ensure that we can process your Order in the most efficient manner for you, and to overall improve your experience on the Sites;
d. to promote and advertise Sorelle UK and its goods and services, and its promotional activity (see below for further details);
e. to improve the Sites and Social Media to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
f. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
g. as part of our efforts to keep the Site safe and secure;
h. to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of theSite about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources
. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you for example our carriers that deliver Items to you, our card and payment processing companies that process your payments for Items and suppliers of items and prizes for our promotions and other carefully selected third parties whom we consider may be of interest to you.
Market research and promotions management agencies to help improve the Sites and Social Media, and the services we offer to you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Sites and the Social Media.
In all circumstances we work closely with these third parties to ensure your privacy is respected and protected.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Sorelle UK Brand LTD or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or Terms and Conditions of Sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SorelleUK, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
The Sites and Social Media may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy only covers the Sites and our content on the Social Media, and does not cover any other website or application.
Cookies
The Sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Sites. These cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Sites and also allows us to improve the Sites. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookies Policy
Social Media
By interacting with us on the Social Media (including without limitation following us on the Social Media, “liking”, “retweeting”, writing a comment in relation to a page on the Social Media) (“Interacting” or “Interaction” (as applicable)) you are consenting to our interaction with you on the Social Media and the processing of your information accessed on the Social Media. The information about you that may be collected when you Interact with us on the Social Media may include without limitation your name, your user profile, your age, your preferences, choices and viewpoints with regards to the topic or subject matter of the relevant Social Media page, your photos and other images and your videos.
Your Interaction with us on the Social Media may also involve you submitting a photo or video of you (“Your Image”). By Interacting with us on the Social Media you consent to us using Your Image for the purposes described when Your Image was requested or as described on the relevant Social Media page.
Please let us know if at any time you wish us to stop interacting with you on the Social Media or using any of your information on the Social Media by contacting us at the details set out below.
By Interacting with us (whether on the Sites, Social Media or otherwise) you consent and grant to SorelleUK a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to use Your Image and Contributions for the purposes of promoting, advertising and endorsing SorelleUK and SorelleUK’s goods and services, including without limitation for the purposes of your participation in any promotional activity for the same, and in any media including without limitation television, Social Media, on our Sites, in print and outdoor advertising materials.
Your Rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on any email we send you
The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office
Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
Children
The Sites are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 do not use the Sites or provide any information about yourself including without limitation your name, address, email address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we may have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the address below.
Klarna
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find
here
. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in
Klarna’s privacy policy
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these policies you can contact us online at Info@SorelleUK.com