Privacy policy
PRANAS.NET, CORP. ("Pranas.NET") located at 33 Mandon Ter, Hawthorne, NJ 07506, United States provides the following products and services (“Services”):
SQLBackupAndFTP
,
SqlBak
,
ExpoFP.com
.
Our Privacy Policy explains what personal information is collected, why, how you can access and update it, how it is used and protected by Pranas.NET, its websites and Services.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide better services to you. We do not collect sensitive personal data like race, political views,
        religious beliefs, genetic, biometric, health or sexual orientation. We collect information in the following ways:
Information you give us
Many of our services require you to sign up for an account. When you do, we may ask for a personal information such as your name,
        email address, company name, address, phone, VAT, credit card details. You may also provide us with additional information when
        you email or call us, or through feedback and other forms on the website.
Information we get from your use of our services
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. This information includes:
Device information
– such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device
            identifiers, .NET versions installed
Log information
– When you use our services, we may automatically collect and store certain
            information in server logs. This may include: details of how you used our service, your IP address, device event information
            such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and
            referral URL; cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
Location information
including TimeZone
Unique application numbers
– Certain services include a unique application number or a key.
            This number and information about your installation may be sent to Pranas.NET when you install or uninstall that service
            or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
– We may collect and store information locally
            on your device. This includes but not limited to cookies.
Information collected on specific Services
Our different Services may also collect information specific to a particular service.
SQLBackupAndFTP
,
SqlBak
may additionally collect and store: database names; email addresses to send notifications; Server/SQL Server/MySQL
            server/FTP/Cloud versions, services authentication or access keys/tokens (encrypted); passwords (encrypted) for
            encrypted backups; job schedule settings; backup, restore & connection logs. These services may also collect
            various Database Server and Windows Server monitoring parameters – depending on what you have requested to monitor.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect to provide you the Services, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones,
        and to protect us and our users.
We do not sell, rent, trade or give away your personal information to any other organization. We share your information only
        as described below.
Information we share
With service providers
We employ other companies to process credit cards, provide hosting, storage, virtual infrastructure, traffic analysis,
        sending email and other services on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other
        appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We share the minimum of information needed to provide the service and
        the providers do not have right to use that information beyond what is necessary to provide the service.
For legal reasons
We may disclose your personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with laws; to enforce or apply our
        Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; or protect the rights, property or safety of Pranas.NET,
        our users or the public.
Email Communications
When you use our Services, we send you emails. Some them are a part of the service - like confirmation of password change,
        notification or service failure, notification of a service change or availability of a new product version, or to reply to,
        or inform you of a support issue. You can not opt out of receiving these messages as they are part of the service. To stop
        receiving these messages you must discontinue using the service. Others are optional like our new features, blog posts or
        our promotions (never 3rd party). You may opt-out of receiving such email using the unsubscribe link provided in every such
        email or via “Email preferences” link in “My Account” section of the service you are using. In ExpoFP we can contact exhibitors
        on behalf of expo organizers (our clients) to review and update their data. Exhibitors have agreed to this type of communication
        when they have agreed to participate at the expo.
Information security
We take all the measures required to protect our services and our users from unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration,
        disclosure or destruction of information we hold. We have put in place industry standard physical and electronic enforcement
        mechanisms. All sensitive information transmission and storage are encrypted. Our websites are developed and regularly tested
        to withstand hacking attempts. The access to the sensitive data is restricted on need-to-know basis. Your data is stored in
        a secure location with access controls for authorized employees only.
While it has never happened to our services, if we become aware of any security breach that has a potential of disclosing
        your personal information, we will notify you within 48 hours and will share all incident-related information.
Accessing, updating and deleting your personal information
You can update or remove your data in “My Account” section of the service you are using or by contacting support. When you
        cancel your account, we delete all of the information related to your account. Note that while the information in our live
        system is deleted right away, for a limited time some of your data may remain in our backups.
We keep data only as long as it is necessary to provide our services.  Where possible, we employ mechanisms that allow us
        to automatically remove data after it is no longer needed to offer our services.
Compliance
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. Please find a separate "PCI compliance" link on this website.
        We are committed to full GDPR compliance.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your
        explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will
        notify you by email.