PolessVPN - App Privacy
PolessVPN reserves the right to modify, cancel, add to, or replace any of the terms listed here at any time and
        without prior notice, and these terms are effective and binding on users of this website. Therefore, you should
        browse this page regularly. Continued use of this website after amendments to these terms shall be deemed acceptance
        of those amendments.
        You will be deemed to be bound by all the rules of these Terms. Please read all relevant terms carefully before
        using this platform.
        The last revision date of these terms is October 26, 2022
- Serve
PolessVPN services are temporary digital network communication services that enhance Internet security and privacy.
        Based on your personal requirements and your sole discretion, we automatically provide unregulated and unmonitored
        data pipes - virtual private network (VPN) connections - for your exclusive use and you are solely responsible for
        your use of the PolessVPN service . PolessVPN assumes no responsibility for actions taken by users, including
        criminal and civil liability for executed or unexecuted damages. Other provisions of these Terms further limit
        PolessVPN's liability.
We grant you a license to use the PolessVPN service, subject to the limitations set forth in these terms. You use
        the PolessVPN service at your own risk. The PolessVPN service may be modified, updated, interrupted or suspended at
        any time without notice or liability. We are not responsible for any injury or other adverse consequences to you as
        a result. PolessVPN, its owners, employees, agents and others associated with the PolessVPN service shall not be
        liable for any damages of any kind, executed or unexecuted, arising out of or arising out of the use of or any
        account registered to use it .
PolessVPN guarantees the normal operation of the service, but due to network restrictions in your area, users cannot
        connect to some or all of PolessVPN's server lines, and PolessVPN is not responsible for this. PolessVPN is not
        responsible for any monetary or non-pecuniary damages paid by customers outside of PolessVPN, and this does not
        include attorneys' fees or court costs, and is not related to any law or other statute.
- intellectual property
Subject to these terms and conditions, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable,
        non-sublicensable license to:
download and use copies of the PolessVPN software;
Use the PolessVPN Services, including but not limited to the products and services offered on or through the
        PolessVPN software or our website. This Agreement does not grant you any other rights or licenses under the
        PolessVPN Service. The license provided herein is effective until terminated. This license will automatically
        terminate if you do not comply with these terms.
PolessVPN services (including but not limited to PolessVPN software, mobile applications and all other items) are
        owned and copyrighted by PolessVPN and are protected worldwide. We reserve right, title and interest in the
        PolessVPN Service and any portion thereof, including without limitation all copyrights, trademarks, service marks,
        trade secrets and other intellectual property rights. You may not take any action to jeopardize, limit or in any way
        interfere with our ownership and rights to the PolessVPN service. All rights reserved unless otherwise stated.
- Prohibited matters
Your access to and use of the PolessVPN Services is governed by these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations.
        We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate or block access to the PolessVPN Service at any time,
        with or without notice, to any user who violates any applicable law or these Terms.
        When using the PolessVPN service, you yourself agree not to assist, encourage or allow others to use the PolessVPN
        service:
1) For improper, prohibited, illegal, criminal or fraudulent activities, including but not limited to port scanning,
        sending spam, sending opt-in emails, scanning open relays or open proxies, sending unsolicited electronic mail mail
        or any version or type of email sent even though the email is routed through a third-party server, any pop-up window
        initiation, use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, financial fraud, cryptocurrency fraud, disguise,
        extortion, extortion, kidnapping, rape, Murder, stolen credit cards for sale, sale of stolen merchandise, offer or
        sale of prohibited, military and dual-use merchandise, offer or sale of controlled substances, identity theft,
        hacking, counterfeiting, phishing, scraping of any form or scale, digital piracy, intellectual property infringement
        and other similar activities;
2) Attack, interfere, gain unauthorized access, deny service to any other network, computer or node through the
        PolessVPN service in any way or form;
3) Exploiting children in any way, including audio, video, photography, digital content, etc.;
4) Upload or distribute in any way files that contain viruses, worms, Trojan horses, corrupted files or any other
        similar software or programs that could impair the operation of another's computer;
5) Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the PolessVPN service, any transaction in connection
        with the PolessVPN service or any other activity we conduct, disrupt our website or any network connected to the
        PolessVPN service or bypass any measures we may use to block or restrict access to PolessVPN Services;
6) Utilize PolessVPN services in any unauthorized way, including but not limited to intrusion or increasing network
        capacity;
7) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access our website or PolessVPN service for any
        purpose without our prior written permission;
8) Collect or collect personal information about other users of the PolessVPN service;
9) collect or collect personal data without legitimate interest or consent, or in violation of any applicable law;
10) Take any action that may impose an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
11) Share any data or other content with any unreasonable number of people, including but not limited to sending
        explosive communications to a large number of recipients or sharing content with people you do not know or know you;
12) represent that you are a representative or agent of any PolessVPN service (including any of its features);
13) Incorporate the PolessVPN Service or any part thereof into any other program or product;
14) Copy or reproduce any part of the PolessVPN Service in any form or by any means;
15) Modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create any derivative works based on the
        PolessVPN Services, including any files or documents thereof, or any portion thereof, or determine or attempt to
        determine any source code, algorithm, method or PolessVPN the technology contained in the App or any part thereof;
16) Violation of general morality or ethics, good customs and fair conduct;
17) Infringe the rights of any third party, including any breach of confidentiality, personal data, copyright or any
        other intellectual property or proprietary rights;
18) Threatening, stalking, harming or harassing others, or promoting bigotry or discrimination;
19) Attempt to manipulate the PolessVPN name, service or product;
20) Solicit or collect personal information from or communicate with minors;
21) Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the PolessVPN service, user accounts, computer systems or networks
        connected to the PolessVPN service through hacking, password mining, brute force or any other means;
22) Use the PolessVPN service for any military purpose, including cyber warfare, weapons development, design,
        manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons;
23) otherwise violate or circumvent these terms.
        In addition, if the long-term use of broadband for downloading causes the server network to be abnormal and affects
        the normal use of other users, PolessVPN will take measures to limit the network speed of IP abuse.
        For the security of your account, non-customized accounts are only for personal use. Please do not share your
        account with others. The loss caused by sharing to others will be borne by you.
        We reserve the right to refuse service, suspend accounts, or restrict access to PolessVPN services at our sole
        discretion. PolessVPN may immediately implement such suspensions or access restrictions without any instruction,
        notice or refund. We may suspend your account for clarification, investigation, or ask you to explain your actions
        and provide additional information. If your account has been suspended, you must contact us for more information. We
        may suspend your user account for a reasonable period of time before we permanently terminate the user account.
        We have no obligation to enforce the terms against you. We encourage you to let us know of any PolessVPN user
        violations of these terms; however, in the event of such violations, we may, in our sole discretion, take
        appropriate action.
- Disclaimer
We will endeavour to prevent disruption of the Site and Services. However, these are provided on an "as is" and "as
        available" basis, and we make no warranty (express or implied) as to the accuracy of any materials or information
        made available through the Site or Services, or their suitability for: any specific purpose. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
        WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
        FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. We do not warrant that the Service will meet your requirements, nor
        that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, nor that any defects will be corrected. You acknowledge
        that you access the Site and Services at your own risk and discretion.
        PolessVPN reserves the right to investigate issues that we believe violate these terms. We may (but have no
        obligation), in our sole discretion, without notice, remove, block, filter or restrict in any way any material or
        information that we believe is an actual or potential violation of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and
        any other Activities that could make PolessVPN or our customers liable. PolessVPN is not responsible for any failure
        by us to prevent such material or information from passing through the Service and/or entering your computing
        device.
- Applicable law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, excluding its conflict of laws
        rules.
- Changes to Terms of Service
In accordance with applicable laws and principles, we may change the Terms of Service from time to time without
        notice. Your continued use of this site or service constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
- contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact
        us at the following email address: polessvpn@duck.com