We are Human Forest Limited company registration number 12352698 ("HumanForest") and this is the Privacy Policy for the HumanForest App and HumanForest eMoped App. We are committed to respecting the privacy of your personal data. Please read the following carefully to understand how we will treat and protect your details. By opening an account to use the HumanForest eBike Service ("eBikes") and HumanForest eMoped Service ("eMopeds") you acknowledge that you have read this privacy policy. For the purposes of UK and EU Data protection law, ("Data Protection Laws"), we are a controller of your personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information we collect about you and how we use it
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
1.1 Information you give us when you create a HumanForest account
This is information about you that you give us directly when you interact with us.
You will need to set up an account with HumanForest ("Account") in order to use eBikes and eMopeds. We will ask you for your email address, payment method and your chosen password and email address/ log in, as well as your date of birth, home address, and contact phone number.
This is so we can create and validate an account in your name, identify and contact you as the account holder when you log in and use eBikes and eMopeds when administering your eBikes and eMopeds Account e.g. to send you invoices, tell you about technical updates and changes to eBikes and eMopeds and this Privacy and Cookies Policy, and tell you about other useful general information such as road closures. We also use it for payment card processing for charges to your eBikes and eMopeds Account through our card payment processing provider, Stripe. See
Payment Processing
.
If we ask you for additional personal details when you open your eBikes and eMopeds Account such as your gender and interests, this enables us to, from time to time, tailor content and promotional offers that we may provide in conjunction with our partners.
Your profile details and information about how you use our eBikes and eMopeds service are aggregated with those of other eBikes and eMopeds riders to help explain to a partner how our service is used (for example we may explain that 50 men aged under 30 used free ride time sponsored by that partner). Whilst we put these statistics from details of your eBikes and eMopeds Account and your use of eBikes and eMopeds, into categories such as age, gender, frequency and distance of rides, location, duration and non-fulfilment of ride, we do not provide partners with information that shows you are the rider.
1.2 Information we collect from or about you to manage and administer your HumanForest Account
If you raise a query or complaint regarding your eBikes and eMopeds Account we will use the details you provide to investigate and respond, or if you report any unauthorised use of or accident or damage to the bike. If we receive any complaint connected to your ride, we will use details from your eBikes and eMopeds Account and how you use it, to investigate and respond, or if we consider it appropriate to report any matter connected to your ride to the Police or other relevant authorities.
1.3 Information we collect about you from your eBikes and eMopeds ride and within your use of our App
We will automatically collect information from you each time you use our App or eBikes and eMopeds. This includes technical information, information about your visit and location data.
Technical information -we collect the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, an App ID, App version and operating system version. We also receive information about the content of a request as well as the time zone setting, date and time and http status code associated with that request.
Information about your use of our App. This involves date and time of visit, length of visit, scrolling, and clicks.
Location data – we collect information through the App and from real-time use of eBikes and eMopeds on the location of your ride, to provide the location services that are dependent on knowing that location. This is so we can display to you in the App, the location of available bikes, and to enable us to reserve for to you, and lock and unlock it according to your hire and any excess period. Your ride is tracked for the hire duration, including any pauses, to calculate the free ride and/or chargeable period as applicable. This also informs whether we treat the bike as being located outside a designated ride area/ parking area, abandoned, lost or stolen and it may also be used for reporting any loss or theft of the bike to the Police. It can also be used to assess the condition of the bike e.g. following damage or an accident or unauthorised use. You can choose to either limit location services to only when the App is in use or for as long as the app is active in the background of your device. Please refer to the App and 'Your Rights' section of this Privacy and Cookies Policy to learn more.
Delivery of location services will involve reference to one or more of the following: (a) the GPS coordinates (latitude/longitude) of your device and/or (b) your Identifier for Advertisers (IFA) code for your Apple device, or the Android ID for your Android device, or a similar device identifier. See
Cookies
for more information on the use of cookies and device identifiers on the App.
1.4 Information we collect about users within the exclusive HumanForest - Deliveroo Bundles
For HumanForest users within the exclusive Deliveroo-HumanForest partnership, some information will be used by HumanForest and shared with Deliveroo in order for Deliveroo to monitor the success of the partnership. This includes the number of packages purchased by Deliveroo riders in the preceding calendar month, and dates of purchase, per Deliveroo rider, using email address, Rider ID or Rider name as unique identifier and number of hours ridden by Deliveroo riders, in the preceding calendar month per Deliveroo rider, using Rider ID or Rider name as unique identifier.
2. Cookies and other technologies
Our App uses cookies and/or other similar technologies ('Cookies') to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code transferred to or accessed from, your device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies enable you to be remembered when using that device to interact with online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalised content.
Our App uses Cookies in the form of App identifiers to distinguish you from other users of our App. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our App and also allows us to make improvements to it.
Some are essential to provide you with the service you register for. Otherwise you set your cookie choices and you can change them at any time. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our App if you do so.
We use Cookies to create a unique device ID for the following uses.
Strictly necessary Cookies. These are required for the operation of our App and under our terms with you. They include validating your access to your account.
Analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to see how visitors move around the App when they are using it. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way our App works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our App. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalize our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences.
Customization cookies. These help us to tailor and manage our App content and messaging to those communications that are relevant to you.
Instructions for how to activate and deactivate cookies varies on what browser you are using. Please click on the following links to find out how to manage cookies on your browsers:
‍
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
3. Profiling and Direct Marketing
We analyse your use of eBikes and eMopeds, sometimes in conjunction with
Cookies
to understand your preferences, predict what might be of interest to you, and classify you, alongside other eBikes and eMopeds users, into groups such as age range, gender, frequency, duration, location, and non-fulfilment of ride. We use this in conjunction with participant partners from the 'first 10 minutes fee' scheme, to deliver you details of further discounts and concessions according to the groupings or characteristics that tell us they want to target against. We don't share your name, phone or email with these partners, so unless you have otherwise specifically agreed to this, you won't hear from them directly - we just provide you with a redemption code in real time via the App or in an email or SMS from us, and you choose whether or not to redeem it. Before activating any code, please carefully read the details as it may involve further use of your information for redemption purposes. We may also use the above customer insight to decide to send you details of other HumanForest products and services by email, SMS or phone call. Please refer to the App and
Your Rights
of this Privacy and Cookies Policy if you wish to change your direct marketing contact preferences.
4. Our legal basis for using your personal data
You can see the lawful basis on how we process your details
here
.
5. Who we give your information to
We may give your information to selected third parties.
Our selected third parties may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and Data Protection Laws. This includes in supporting the services we offer through the App in particular those providing and hosting the App platform, providing fulfilment services, distributing any communications we send, facilitating feedback on our services and providing IT support services from time to time. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors) are required to only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the App - subject to the Cookies section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual)
Payment service providers who provide secure payment processing services – see
Payment Processing
Partners in the 'first 10 minutes free' scheme as described in
Profiling and Direct Marketing
and to provide analytics on carbon emissions
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
If HumanForest or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of supply terms and other agreements with you; or to protect our rights, property, or safety and those of our customers, or others.
6. Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the EU, which may not be subject to equivalent Data Protection Laws. If so we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognized legal adequacy mechanism, and that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EU:
In order to store it.
In order to enable us to provide goods or services to you and fulfil our contract with you. This includes order fulfilment, processing of payment details, and the provision of support services.
Where we are legally required to do so.
In order to facilitate the operation of our business, where it is in our legitimate interests and we have concluded these are not overridden by your rights.
Analytic and optimisation services provided by 'Braze' are covered by terms which incorporate the EC standard contractual clauses relevant to legal adequacy of personal data transfers where relevant to Braze Inc. in the United States (see:
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
. Braze are also certified under the separate Privacy Shield legal adequacy mechanism for personal data transfers (see
Privacy Shield
).
Please see
Contact Us
for details on how to request information on protecting your personal data if transferred outside the EU.
7. Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using leading technology and software before they are submitted over the internet. Payments made on the App are made through our payment gateway provider, currently Stripe. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the payment services provider which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply to the payment services provider is not within our control and is subject to its own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
8. How we protect your information
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions handled through our payment gateway provider are subject to their Payment Card Industry (PCI) certification. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our App you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. It is important that you do not share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our App; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Our App may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
9. How long we keep your information
We retain personal data for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
10. Your rights
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to object to marketing or to the further processing of your personal data;
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by altering the privacy settings of your device. You can also stop all information collection by un-installing the App. You may use the standard un-install processes as may be available for your mobile device. Please note however that location services are integral to administering and delivering the hire of the bike
Your right to withdraw consent
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by contacting us.
You can exercise the rights listed above at any time – see
Contact Us
.
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach the data protection authority. The Information Commissioner is the supervisory authority in the UK and can provide further information about your rights and our obligations in relation to your personal data, as well as deal with any complaints that you have about our processing of your personal data.
11. Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
12. How to contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Email:
privacy@humanforest.co.uk
Post: 207 Southwark Bridge Rd, London, SE1 0DN
13. Purpose and lawful basis for processing of personal data
This table forms an important part of our Privacy and
Cookies policy
which you should also read.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver the eBikes and eMopeds Service including:
(a) Calculate, and manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us and protect our property
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(f) Location
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
To administer and protect our business and this App (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Location
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
(c) Location
(d) Marketing & Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to provide ride partners with information about how eBikes and eMopeds is helping to reduce carbon emissions and understand customer preferences for delivery of promotional information
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Location
(f) Marketing & Communications
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business )
(b) Necessary to perform our agreement with you to provide the eBikes and eMopeds Service
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Location
(g) Marketing & Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
(c) Consent (where applicable to the particular method of collection (e.g. cookies) or to the channel of delivery of a promotional message)
To process and verify personal documents and information including but not limited to: driver’s license, Compulsory Basic Training certificate, facial image.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Location
(g) Marketing & Communications
Prevention and detection of crime during rental period. Including fraud, criminal activities, and other prohibited acts. Checking the legal authority of the rider to rent and ride a HumanForest eMoped.
Cookie Settings
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. They also allow us to analyze user behavior in order to constantly improve the website for you.
See our Privacy Policy
Reject all
I want to choose
Accept All
Functionality
Analytics Storage
Ad Storage
Ad User Data
Ad Personalisation
Personalization Storage
Security Storage
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Accept selection
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt00000004TtdAAE&status=Active:
Skip to content
Braze, Inc.
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Other Covered Entities
Braze, Inc.
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Participation
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  11/6/2023
Next Certification Due Date: 9/4/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  10/24/2018
Next Certification Due Date: 9/4/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  10/24/2018
Next Certification Due Date: 9/4/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
(1) Human Resources data from Braze’s EU, UK and Swiss employees; (2) Data from EU, UK and Swiss data subjects, including job candidates, (email address, name, etc.) collected from website, events, and/or through other activities from Braze’s prospects, customers and vendors; (3) All data and information (including all personal data contained therein) submitted to or collected by the Braze Services, processed by Braze in connection with its provision of the Braze Services to its customers.
 
Braze is a U.S. company, headquartered in New York, with global operations. Braze is a life-cycle engagement platform for companies around the world ("Customers"), supporting stronger relationships between brands and their clients (“End Users”).  This is done primarily by leveraging first party data to personalize and automate lifecycle marketing campaigns through first party channels, such as email, mobile and web push notifications, and in-app/in-browser messaging. In practical terms, this means that Braze’s Customers collect information from their End Users, which Braze then processes on behalf of its Customers within its platform. Braze’s Customers are able to customize their messages to such End Users of the Customer’s application, including marketing messages, that such End Users may find useful. Braze acts as both a “Data Controller”, where it determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal information collected by Braze for its own business use of such information, and as a “Data Processor” where personal information of Braze’s Customers’ End Users is processed within the Braze Services on behalf of such Customers.
Privacy Policy
HR Data
Braze Global Employee Privacy Policy
Description:
Braze's internal global employee privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
HR and Non-HR Data
Document:
Braze Candidate Privacy Policy
Description:
Braze privacy policy for job candidates applying for roles at Braze.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Description:
Data Privacy Framework public notice posted on Braze's website.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Non-HR Data
Document:
Braze Privacy Policy
Description:
Public facing Privacy Policy of Braze
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Braze, Inc. at:
Alexandra Tindale
DPO and Director, Privacy
Braze, Inc.
Braze, 10th floor, Exchange House, 12 Primrose Street, London, EC2A 2EG
330 W 34TH St FL 18
New York, New York  10001-2406
alexandra.tindale@braze.com
Phone:
+447879409675
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Braze, Inc. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Braze, Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission