Features
Blog
Our Story
Get App
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 3, 2022
This privacy notice (our “Policy“) describes how Deglazed LLC (“Deglaze” “we”, “our” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information we collect on our websites and mobile applications (each website and mobile application is a “Site”) that link to this Policy. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Policy.
Information collected and how it is used
We collect information that you submit when visiting the Site. Below are some of the types of information we collect:
Registration information used to register an account and update your profile (your name, email, username, password, profile photo, household users)
Web links to recipes you save
Recipes you enter and save
Recipe metadata that you enter and attach to a recipe, such as personal notes, tags (e.g. “winter favorites”), and cook time
Statistics about recipes you cook and shop for, such as how many times you’ve cooked a recipe, and how many times you’ve added a recipe to your shopping list
Statistics about your cooking activities, such as how many users “liked” your activity
Likes, comments, and other text that you enter and submit on your own and other users’ recipe posts
Photos you upload of your cooking activities and recipes
Shopping items you enter and save
Shopping item metadata that you enter and attach to any shopping item, such as what shopping category to group the item under
Statistics about the shopping items you enter, modify, and complete
Preferences information you provide, such as communication preferences
We also collect the following information from you:
Contact information if you contact us with an inquiry (email address, telephone number)
As is true of most web sites and mobile applications, we automatically gather information about your device such as your mobile device identifier, device type, mobile service carrier, IP address, browser type, referring pages, operating system, pages visited, links clicked, features used, Site version, and statistics about Site behavior and engagement.
We use this information to:
Identify you when you use Deglaze
Enhance the user experience, troubleshoot issues, and improve overall Site performance
Improve our Site and marketing efforts and to assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Respond to customer service requests
Send you product update information
Send you push notifications
Conduct research and analysis
Transferring your information
Deglaze is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
See the section for EEA Residents to learn more about data transfers to and from that region.
Accessing your information
You can sign into your account to see any personally identifiable information we have stored, such as your name, photo, username and email. You can also contact us by email at help@deglaze.app to request to see this information.
Deleting your information
We remove personally identifiable information (such as your name and email) and other preferences associated with your account after you delete your account. Please note that there may be legal reasons for us to keep your data, such as if we receive a law enforcement request asking us to preserve data. We may also retain certain information in our backup systems for a limited period of time, or as required by law.
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Deglaze to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.
Sharing your information
We may reveal information about you to unaffiliated third parties: (1) if you request or authorize it; (2) if the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (3) if the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); or (4) as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose.
Please be aware that any information that you post to your account profile, including photos, links, communications, reviews, comments or other content is visible to the general public or to the friends you invite to view your account profile and this information and content can be used for any purposes, including that it can be shared by the original author of any underlying content. Similarly, any information that you can view that is posted by other Site users may be used by you for any purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Site does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the Site may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Site.
Security
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, destruction, misuse, loss or alteration. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error. If we receive instructions using your log-in information, we will consider that you have authorized the instructions.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business. Disclosing your personal information to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy is at your own risk. We strive to comply with laws of jurisdictions in which we maintain operations but we make no representations that the practices described in this Privacy Policy are compliant with laws outside those jurisdictions that apply to the collection, security, use and disclosure of personal information.
Email Opt-Out
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each newsletter or marketing email or you can contact us at help@deglaze.app.
Children's privacy
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Deglaze. If you are based in the EEA you may only use Deglaze if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents with an established business relationship with us are permitted by California law once a year to request information about the manner in which we shared certain categories of information with others for their marketing purposes during the prior calendar year. We do not share your information with a third party for their direct marketing use unless you give us your consent.
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
At this time Deglaze is not required to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We will update this Privacy Policy with additional disclosures when we qualify for coverage under the CCPA.
For site visitors from Nevada
We do not transfer personal information for monetary consideration. If you would like to tell us not to sell your information in the future please email us at support@deglaze.app with your name, postal address, telephone number and email address with “Nevada do not sell” in the subject line.
Residents of the EEA
Because Deglaze is a worldwide service, we may transfer the personal data of EEA residents to a country outside the EEA. When we transfer information from the EEA to a country that doesn't provide an adequate level of protection, we’ll only do so under appropriate safeguards to protect your information, like standard contractual clauses.
Links to other sites
We may permit others to link to this Site or to post a link to their site on ours. We do not endorse these sites and are not responsible for other sites or their privacy practices. Please read their privacy policies before submitting information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
As we grow and change we may amend this Privacy Policy. The Policy in effect at the time you use the Site governs how we may use your information. If we make material changes we will post the revised Policy and the revised effective date on this Site. Please check back here from time to time to review any changes.
Contacting us
This Site is owned and operated by Deglazed LLC. You can contact us by email at help@deglaze.app