Privacy policy
We have been trying to improve our products, and our policies describe how we can make our products more personalized and smarter. To bring you a better service, please read our privacy policy below. We respect your privacy and recognise the importance of protecting your personal information. That is why we will make every effort to protect and keep your private information confidential.
The Objectives of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines how we will process and protect your personal information.
The information that we have collected
1. When using our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information that can be used to identify you ("Personal Data"). Our services are designed to avoid collecting information about your name, address, email address, or other similar contact data, unless you provide such data to us by creating an account with us or otherwise.
2. When you use or enter our website and services, we collect device information and user log data. This information is stored to detect unauthorized login to our website and use of our services. We automatically collect information from you when you provide us directly through our in-app support feature. This information is collected to improve the user experience, improve content, understand user behavior, and provide better serve users.
3. By providing personal information, you agree that we need to use it according to this Privacy Policy. If you provide us with personal information, you acknowledge and agree that our employees, owners, and authorized third parties may view such data.
How do we use your information
We describe below the way we plan to use your information and how you can opt-out at any time (if applicable):
1. Provide and maintain our services, and perform basic operations to continue to serve our users.
2. Manage and protect our services (including troubleshooting, information analysis, testing, support, fraud, reporting, and data hosting).
3. Notify you of the changes in our services, allowing you to participate when choosing to join the new features in our services, and to understand how you use our services so that we can constantly improve our products.
4. Publicize our services and products, and send push notifications. You can turn off push notifications at the device level through the device settings to choose not to receive push notifications. Alternatively, to choose not to receive ads for our services and products, please send us a request through the in-app support features, or contact us for a message from our website.
5. Use third-party advertising networks to provide personalized advertising in our services. Depend on your consent to process personal data to provide you with personalized advertising.
6. We rely on you to accept our contract with you and accept our service use policy when downloading our services. We collect the data for a legitimate benefit to readily inform our users of our services and new features according to your preferences, and to continue to improve the services we provide.
Disclose and share your information
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with a variety of tasks, including hosting and maintenance, continuous development, analytics, customer service, marketing, advertising. We may also share information with advertising partners who distribute ads in our services.
Age limit
We understand the need for additional privacy protection for child users. Our services are available only for people aged 18 and over. You must be large enough to agree to process your personal data in your country (in some countries, we may allow your parents or guardians to do this on your behalf). We do not deliberately collect personal information from children under 18. If you want us to remove your personal data for any reason, please use the in-app support feature in our services or contact us via our website. We will take reasonable steps to immediately remove such personal data from our records and to inform you when your data is destroyed.
Other important issues
1. We will never provide or provide any information to a third party without your prior consent. Your personal information is required by law or disclosed in good faith, and we may disclose your personal information if we believe that such actions are necessary to comply with legal obligations, protect and defend our rights or property, in some circumstances to protect users' safety or protect us from legal liability. Nevertheless, we will make every effort to ensure that your privacy is protected to the greatest extent.
2. We may modify our privacy policies for various reasons, such as improving our services to reflect the services we provide on our website, applications or applications, and to follow or comply with relevant laws. We encourage you to keep up to date and review these changes. If you wish to stop using our services, applications, websites, or applications, please contact us or close your our account. We may send you an email from time to time informing you of any updates that may be in your favor.
In-App Advertisements:
We may show advertisements served from Google within the More Widgets app (advertisements will never be used in widgets). These advertisement may utilize cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by More Widgets and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and online services, and better understand your online activity. Your mobile device includes a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioural advertising purposes. Advertisements are subject to Google's Privacy Policy
Change to our privacy policy
1. We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We reserve the right to change, modify, edit, add or delete the portions of the privacy policy outlined without notice. Please note that it is your responsibility to know our privacy policies and check these policies to see if any changes. However, we may inform you of any material changes in this policy.
2. After the Privacy Policy update, you continue to use our services, including the application and our website, meaning that you accept these policies and accept any changes to these policies, and agree that all statements are correct and true. Show that you agree to the revised policy of this Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via jiangnan1112345@163.com