← Rooms
Stuff our lawyers told us to tell you.
Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 17, 2025
At Things, we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy
        Policy to learn how we treat your personal data.
By using or accessing
          our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the
          practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we
          will collect, use and share your information as described in this
          Privacy Policy.
Remember that your use of Things' Services is at all times subject to
        our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we
        use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to
        them in the Terms of Use.
You may print a copy of this Privacy Policy using your browser's Print command.
As we continually work to improve our Services, we may need to change
        this Privacy Policy from time to time. Upon such changes, we will alert
        you to any such changes by placing a notice on the Things website, by
        sending you an email and/or by some other means. Please note that if
        you've opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven't
        provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still
        govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for
        reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any
        changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to
        all of the changes.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather
        when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any
        information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and
        also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable
        information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy
        laws, rules or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the
        practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t
        manage.
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data we collect.
This chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect
        and have collected over the past 12 months:
Category of Personal Data
Examples of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share this Personal Data:
Profile or Contact Data
Email
Unique identifiers
Service Providers
Analytics Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Device/IP Data
IP address
Device ID
Domain server
Type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Services
Service Providers
Analytics Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Web Analytics
Web page interactions
Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Services
Non-identifiable request IDs
Statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Services
Service Providers
Analytics Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
Identifying information in emails, letters, or other communications you send us
Service Providers
Analytics Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
You
When you provide such information directly to us.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through
              responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When you use the Services and such information is collected automatically.
Through Cookies (defined in the “Tracking Tools and Opt-Out” section below).
If you download our mobile application or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information
              about your location and mobile device, as applicable.
If you download and install certain applications and software we make available, we may receive and
              collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant
              Services, such as information regarding when you are logged on and available to receive updates or alert
              notices.
Third Parties
Vendors
We may use analytics providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third
              parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting or Disclosing Personal Data
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Services.
Improving the Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth
            in applicable data privacy laws.
Marketing the Services
Marketing the Services
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and
            sending you information about Things or the Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we
            think will interest you.
Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process,
            such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited
            activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Things or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.
Responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights.
Resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially
        different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
How We Disclose Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section.
        Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your
        Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below.
Service Providers. These parties help us provide the Services or perform business functions on our behalf.
          They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Analytics Partners. These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Services. They include:
Companies that track how users found or were referred to the Services.
Companies that track how users interact with the Services.
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Third parties you access through the services.
Other users.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set
        forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “Our Commercial or Business Purposes
        for Collecting Personal Data” section above.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger,
        acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole
        or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your
        information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices.
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by
        removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such
        aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes,
        including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share
        such data in a manner that could identify you.
Tracking Tools and Opt-Out
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript
        (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit
        and use our Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies
        are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you
        use that device to access our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with
        information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your
        device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests
        sent from a browser at this time.
        We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have
          requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these
          Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services,
          maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us
          to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice
          of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies. Performance/Analytical Cookies, including, without limitation, cookies used
          in connection with Google Analytics and Unity Analytics, allow us to understand how visitors use our Services.
          They do this by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view
          on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also
          help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the
          Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google LLC (“Google”) uses cookies
          in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by
          Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the
          Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google
          advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
          https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an
        option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well
        as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new
        Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your device. If you do this,
        however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the
        Services and functionalities may not work.
To find out more information about Cookies generally, including information about how to manage and delete
        Cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Data Security
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical,
        technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are
        processing that data. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your
        password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off
        after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and
        other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or
        storing data is completely secure.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services or to perform our
        business or commercial purposes for collecting your Personal Data. When establishing a retention period for
        specific categories of data, we consider who we collected the data from, our need for the Personal Data, why we
        collected the Personal Data, and the sensitivity of the Personal Data. In some cases we retain Personal Data for
        longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or
        is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in
        an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
        For example:
We retain your profile information and credentials for as long as you have an account with us.
We retain your device/IP data for as long as we need it to ensure that our systems are working
          appropriately, effectively and efficiently.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about child under 13; if you
        are a child under 13 years of age, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send
        us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 13 years of age, we will
        delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 years of age may have
        provided us with Personal Data , please contact us at hello@things.inc.
State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to
        prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order
        to submit such a request, please contact us at hello@things.inc.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third
        parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
        hello@things.inc with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the
        email address associated with your account.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your
        Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us
        at:
https://things.inc
hello@things.inc
2228 Redwood Drive, Slatington, PA 18080
Thanks for reading the entirety of our
      Privacy Policy. You are an outstanding and responsible
      individual!