Retr
o
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 18, 2024
Lone Palm Labs, Inc. is the company behind  Retro, a photo-sharing
        app that allows you to keep up with your friends and look back on life.
        This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
” or “
Policy
”) explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and
        disclosure of information that we receive through our
website
located at www.lonepalm.io (the “
Site
”) ”), the other features and software and technologies we
        provide, any web-based, computer based or mobile application
        (collectively, the “
App
”) and our communications with you (collectively, the
        “
Services
”). It also serves as a way to help you understand and exercise
        your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any
        third-party websites, services, or applications, even if they are
        accessible through our Services.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE (THE “
TERMS
”) CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
        PRIVACY POLICY OR THE TERMS, DO NOT USE OR VISIT THE SERVICE. BY USING
        OR VISITING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY
        POLICY AND THE TERMS.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the
        Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We
        may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any
        material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those
        changes by posting them within the Services or by sending you an email
        or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last
        Updated” date above to indicate when those changes become
        effective.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our Services including
        without limitation, site visitors and account holders (all such users of
        the Services including account holders and non-account holders
        collectively referred to as “
Users
”).
Information That We Collect
This section describes the different types of Personal Data we may
        obtain about you.
Information that You Provide Directly
Sign Up Information
: When you sign up to create an account, including through the App,
          we collect and retain certain information that can be used to identify
          you (“
Personal Data
”), including, in the case of account creation: your name,
          username, and phone number. Please note that while we collect and
          retain your phone number in order to create an account on Retro, your
          phone number will not be disclosed publicly on your profile unless you
          chose to do so.
Profile Information:
When completing your profile you’ll have the option to provide
          information about yourself which will be included in your public
          facing profile, including for instance: a profile photo, user name,
          and full name.
Through Communicating with Us:
You may provide information to us when you use the Services,
          including when you contact us, respond to surveys, or provide feedback
          about the Services. This information may include your name, email
          address, phone number, address, order payment information, and other
          information that may relate to you or identify you. We also collect
          any information you provide to us when you send us emails with
          queries, feedback, or for any other reason.
Purchase and Payment Information
: When you make payments for or within the Services, we will keep
          records of what you purchased or ordered, and will request financial
          information such as payment method or credit card information so we
          can charge you for your  purchase. We use a third-party payment
          processor to process payments made to us. In connection with the
          processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally
          identifiable information or any financial information such as credit
          card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to our
          third-party processor, Stripe, whose use of your personal information
          is governed by their privacy policy, which may be viewed at
          https://stripe.com/us/privacy.
Through Interactive Features:
If you use any of our interactive features, such as messaging
          between Users, comment features, or social features, we will collect
          information that you might submit or make available. Information that
          you provide through public sharing features of the Services (which
          does not include one-to-one direct messages) will be treated as public
          information, except where contrary to applicable law.
Contact Information of Others:
if you choose to share contact information of other individuals with
          us, for example if you are using a referral feature or a friend finder
          feature, we will collect and retain the contact information that you
          provide. Please only share the contact information of close friends
          and relations to you, or of others who have consented to such sharing
          of their information.
Job Applications:
We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If
          you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV
          and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and use your information to
          assess your qualifications. We may also use this information to
          monitor recruitment statistics, to communicate with you, to comply
          with law, and as otherwise necessary for compliance, fraud prevention,
          and safety purposes.
Information Collected Automatically
Information Sent by Your Device
: We collect certain information that your mobile device, laptop, or
          other hardware device sends when you use our Services, including but
          not limited to IP Address, user agent information, network and
          connectivity information, device identifiers, language preferences,
          user settings, software and operating system names and versions,
          hardware models, as well as other information about your use of our
          Services.
Location Information
: When you use our Services, we may collect and store information
          about your location by converting your IP address into a rough
          geo-location, by requesting precise location through your browser
          settings. We also offer a service that displays the location of your
          photos and videos for friends by default, gathered from your system
          camera on iOS and Android.
Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies
: Like many website and app owners and operators, we (and our
          partners who assist us with marketing, analytics, User research,
          advertising, and User support) may utilize automated data collection
          tools such as cookies, web beacons, and pixel tags to collect certain
          information from Users of our Services. These tools are used for a
          variety of purposes, including but not limited to User authentication,
          account security, delivery and measuring of advertising, analyzing
          site traffic and trends, and fraud prevention. Cookies are small text
          files that are placed on your device by a web server when you access
          our Services. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies
          to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us
          how and when you interact with our Services. You have choices related
          to whether you want to accept (see the Your Choices section below).
          Please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you may
          not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Web
          beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags, or clear GIFs) are tiny
          graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services
          for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with
          cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to
          monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the
          effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike cookies, which are stored on
          the device, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages
          (or in an email).  Note when we used the defined term
          “Cookies” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring
          collectively to cookies, pixel tags, beacons, and similar tracking
          technologies. Our use of Cookies falls into the following general
          categories:
Necessary Cookies: We use this type of Cookie to run our site, and to
          identify and prevent security risks. For instance, we may use these
          cookies to store your session information to prevent others from
          changing your password without your username and password.
Performance Cookies: We use this type of Cookie to collect
          information about how you use our site, monitor site performance, and
          improve our site performance, our services, and your experience. For
          example, we can use these Cookies to learn more about which features
          are the most popular with our Users and which ones might need some
          tweaks.
Preference Cookies: We use this type of Cookie to remember your
          settings and preferences, and to improve your experience on our site.
           For instance, we may use these Cookies to remember your language
          preferences.
Interaction Data:
We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform
          while logged into your account.
Information From Third Parties
We may also obtain information about Users from third parties,
        including but not limited to affiliates, joint marketing partners, lead
        providers, fraud and risk mitigation vendors, and identify verification
        services.
How We Use the Information
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve
        our Services, to customize content and the Services for you, to
        administer your use of the Services (including your account, if you are
        an account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our
        Services. We will use your Personal Data for the following
        purposes:
Providing our Services, including to communicate with you, and
          provide customer support in relation to the Services;
Resolving disputes, responding to inquiries, collecting and
          processing payments fees (as applicable) and troubleshooting
          problems;
Collecting and processing payment;
Managing our everyday business needs, including, but not limited to
          the following activities: auditing, administration of the Services,
          forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, identify
          verification, and enforcement of our Terms, or to comply with
          applicable laws or regulations;
Customizing your experience and otherwise measuring and improving our
          content and Services;
Sending you relevant emails and communications (including keeping you
          informed about our products, offerings, and any promotional offers)
          that might be of interest to you.  (In the event that we use your
          Personal Data to market to you, you will be able to opt-out of such
          uses);
Enforcing our agreements, terms, conditions, and policies, and
          sending you notices and alerts;
Better understanding our Users’ interests, behaviors, and
          demographics;
Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of
          ads;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance
          activities, and;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious,
          deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those
          responsible for that activity.
We may use Personal Data and other information about you to create
        de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified
        demographic information, de-identified location information, information
        about the device from which you access our Services.
We may also use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you
        at the time we collect or receive your information, or otherwise with
        your consent.
Information that We Share with Third Parties
We may share information you provide us, including your Personal Data,
        with third parties, in the types of scenarios, and for the types of
        reasons described in this section.
Services Providers and Business Partners
: We may engage third-party service providers to help us administer,
          provide, and improve the Services, including but not limited to the
          following types of partners: third party financial institutions and
          financial services companies, web hosting providers, cloud hosting
          providers, fraud detection services, identity verification services,
          fulfillment service providers, and customer support partners. These
          third-party services providers will have access to your Personal Data
          for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. For example, we
          may share your Personal Data with a cloud hosting provider (for
          example, Amazon Web Services) as part of our utilization of their
          hosting services.
At Your Request
: We may share information about you with third parties in the event
          that you request we do so, for example, with other Users or groups of
          Users or the public if you request that or if, for instance, you use a
          feature that performs that type sharing function. Similarly we may
          share information about you with companies offering complimentary
          services, promotions, or offers through our Site our Services, if you
          request, or consent, that we share your information.
Other Third Parties
: We may share de-identified or aggregated data we collect from the
          use of the Services, including but not limited to de-identified or
          aggregated: transaction or investment  information, location
          information, information about the computer or device from which you
          access the Services, market trends, and other analysis that we create
          based on the information we receive from you and other Users.
Our Subsidiaries and Affiliates
: We share information with our corporate subsidiaries and
          affiliates, including parent and holding companies, for our
          administrative purposes, including activities such as IT management,
          auditing and compliance, and for them to provide services to you or
          support and supplement the Services we provide.
With Your Consent
: There may be other circumstances where we will notify you of
          information that we seek to share with a third party not listed here,
          and will do so with your consent
Information Shared with Web Analytics Services Providers
: We may use some or all of the following analytics services:
Google
: We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc.
          (“
Google
”), to gather information about how Users engage with our Site
          and Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please
          visit
this page
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data
          generated by your use of the Services by going
here
.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
: If we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction
          such as a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, or if our assets are
          acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter
          bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your Personal Data,
          may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in
          connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of
          Others
: We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or
          private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose
          any information about you to government or law enforcement officials
          or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or
          appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including
          subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the
          property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general;
          and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or
          legally actionable activity.
With Advertising Partners and Social Media.
Your Personal Data may be shared with certain advertising partners
          who conduct or assist us with marketing, as well as advertising and
          social media partners who we allow to place cookies (or similar
          technology) in our Services as necessary to their provision of various
          services, including but not limited to ad attribution, ad placement,
          audience measurement, social sharing, and site analytics.
Your Privacy Rights
Based upon the laws that apply in your jurisdiction, you may have some
        or all of the following rights, related to your privacy and Personal
        Data. Please note that for each of the rights below we may have valid
        legal reasons to refuse your request. In such instances we will let you
        know if that is the case. To inquire about or to exercise any of these
        rights, you may contact us at founders@retro.app. We will process such
        requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Access: the right to access Personal Data about you, including: (i)
          confirming whether we are processing your Personal Data; (ii)
          obtaining access to or a copy of your Personal Data; and (iii)
          receiving an electronic copy of Personal Data that you have provided
          to us, or asking us to send that information to another company (the
          “right of data portability”);
Correction: the right to request correction of your Personal Data
          where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide
          self-service tools that enable you to update your Personal Data;
Deletion: the right to request deletion of your Personal Data;
Objection: the right to request restriction of or object to our
          processing of your Personal Data; and
Withdraw Consent: the right to withdraw your consent to our
          processing of your Personal Data.
Your Choices
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your
        Personal Data and we’ll respect the choices you make. Please note
        that if you decide not to provide us with the Personal Data that we
        request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the
        Services.
Opt-Out of our Mailings
: We may periodically send you free newsletters and emails that
          directly promote our Services. When you receive such promotional
          communications from us, you will have the opportunity to
          “opt-out” (by following the unsubscribe instructions
          provided in the email you receive). We do need to send you certain
          communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt
          out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding
          updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy or information about
          billing.
Cookie and Ad Tracking Choices
: You can opt out of the collection and use of your information for
          ad targeting by going
here
or
here
to limit collection through the Site, by configuring the
          settings on your browser, by setting preferences in the cookie consent
          manager service on our site, or by using cookie blocking extensions in
          your browser (such as Privacy Badger or Ghostery).
Modifying Your Information
: You can access and modify the Personal Data associated with your
          account by sending an email to founders@retro.app. If you want us to
          delete your Personal Data or your account, please contact us at
          founders@retro.app with your request. We’ll take steps to delete
          your information as soon as we can, but some information may remain in
          archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by
          law.
Non-Affiliate Marketing
: We do not currently share Personal Data with third parties seeking
          to market their own products or services to our Users, unless you
          indicate to us your consent for such sharing.
Additional Choices
: As discussed below, additional choices may be available to you
          under California law or Nevada law. You can learn about those choices
          in the specific privacy notices contained below in this Privacy
          Policy.
Responding to Do Not Track Signals
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not
        Track” signals to the online services that you visit. Our Site
        does not currently have the capability to respond to “Do Not
        Track” signals received from various web browsers. To find out
        more about "Do Not Track," please visit
        http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures
        designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you
        (including your Personal Data) from unauthorized access, use or
        disclosure. When you enter sensitive information on our forms, we
        encrypt this data using SSL or other technologies. Please be aware,
        however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or
        storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot
        guarantee the absolute security of any information. If we learn of a
        security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you
        electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by
        sending an email to you.
Data Retention
We need to retain the information you provide us in order to provide
        our Services, and we retain such information for as long as you maintain
        your account, at a minimum. We also retain certain relevant information,
        including transaction, location, device, and usage information, for as
        long as it is required to do so, in connection with regulatory, tax,
        insurance, legal, administrative, and other requirements. You may
        request deletion of your account at any time as provided above.
        Following such a request, we will delete the information that it is not
        necessary to retain. In certain circumstances, we may be unable to
        delete your account, such as if there is an outstanding credit or debt
        on your account or an unresolved dispute, ongoing investigation (e.g.
        for fraud or misuse), or we believe that we may be required to retain
        your account for legal reasons. Upon resolution of the issue preventing
        deletion, we will delete your account as described above. We may also
        retain certain information if necessary for our legitimate business
        interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing Users' safety and
        security. For example, if we shut down a User's account because of
        security or fraud incidents, we may retain certain information about
        that account to prevent that User from opening a new account in the
        future.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned
        or operated by third parties (each, a “
Third-party Service
”). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party
        Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided
        directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is
        subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy.
        We’re not responsible for the content, privacy, or security
        practices and policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your
        information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies
        of all Third-party Services that you access.
Processing Information in the United States
We are headquartered in the United States and may use services
        providers that operate in other countries. Your Personal Data may be
        transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your
        state, province, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy
        laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We strive
        to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of
        applicable laws by taking reasonable administrative, physical, and
        electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect
        from or about you from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However,
        no security measures are failsafe and we cannot guarantee the security
        of your personal information.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 16, and we do not
        knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 16. If we learn that
        we have collected Personal Data of a child under 16, we will take steps
        to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
If you are a California resident, you have certain additional privacy
        rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
        (“CCPA”). Those rights are all discussed in this Privacy
        Notice for California Residents section of our broader Privacy
        Policy.
Your Rights Under the California Consumer Protection Act
The following rights (in this section) are available  to
        California residents.
Right to request disclosure of information collected
. You have the right to request details on the specific Personal Data
          we’ve collected about you during the past 12 months. We provide
          detailed information about the types of  information we collect
          throughout this broader Privacy Policy, but you may also contact us
          directly to inquire about your Personal Data specifically, as
          described in this Privacy Notice for California Residents
          section.
Right to request disclosure of information shared or sold.
First, we do not sell your Personal Data (or “personal
          information,” as used in the CCPA) within the meaning of the
          CCPA. That said, we do share certain data about some of our Users with
          service providers. This sharing is outlined in this broader Privacy
          Policy, as well as below. And you do have the right under CCPA to
          contact us at any time, as described in the section below, to request
          this information from us.
Right to opt out of selling of your Personal Data.
As stated above, we do not sell your Personal Data, within the
          meaning of the CCPA. That said, in the event that we ever do choose to
          sell data to third parties, we will provide a method to allow our
          Users to opt out of that selling, in accordance with California law.
Right to request deletion of data.
You have the right to request deletion of your data, unless an
          exception applies. Examples of exceptions include when we need to keep
          data to meet legal obligations, detect fraud, investigate reports of
          abuse or other Terms violations, or fix security issues. Additionally,
          an exception would apply if we would be unable to provide the services
          that you signed up for without the data, in which case, you are free
          to request account deletion and cease use of the services. See more
          about this throughout the broader Privacy Policy. Once we’ve
          verified your request, we’ll delete your Personal Data (unless
          an exception applies) and will direct our service providers to do the
          same.
Timely response.
You have the right to make two free requests in any 12-month period.
          We will respond to your request within 45 days, and in more difficult
          cases we may extend our response time by another 45 days.
Non-discrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from
          discrimination. We will not discriminate against you because you
          exercise your rights. For example, we will not deny you any goods or
          services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level
          or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights
          under the CCPA.
Contacting Us (CCPA Purpose)
To make any inquiries, request, or exercise any of your rights granted
        under California Consumer Protection Act, you can contact us by email at
        founders@retro.app. Please state that you are a California resident in
        that communication. We may need to go through a few verification steps
        after you reach out, but we’ll help you through that.
Information We Collect (CCPA Required Disclosure)
As we address throughout this Privacy Policy, we collect Personal Data
        for a range of purposes, though primarily to allow us to provide and
        improve our services. In the last twelve months, we have collected the
        following types of Personal Data about our Users. In some cases the data
        is provided directly by Users. In other cases it was provided by third
        parties, or obtained through User interaction with our services.
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, IP address, username, or other
          similar identifiers. We primarily use these identifiers to create your
          account, maintain security of our services, and communicate with you.
Customer records information
, such as social credit card number, or debit card number. We
          primarily use these types of information to facilitate transactions
          and payments and to communicate with our Users. (This category under
          CCPA overlaps with other categories.)
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
          federal law
, such as your gender, age, sexual orientation. We let you provide
          this information if you wish to add it to your public profile.
Commercial information
, such as payment history and purchase history. We primarily use this
          type of information to keep track of User transactions and for
          internal business and financial recordkeeping.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as session logs, search history, information about your
           interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. We
          primarily use this type of information to help understand how our
          services are performing for them, as well as to improve our own
          understanding of our services.
Geolocation information
, such as your IP address which provides a rough approximation of
          location, or from your mobile device’s GPS or location services,
          if you use the app and enable location services. We use this data
          primarily to understand where Users  are accessing the services,
          and in some cases to provide more relevant advertising.
Professional or employment-related information
, such as your work history and experience. We let you provide this
          information if you wish to add it to your public profile.
Information Sharing (CCPA Disclosure)
In the past 12 months, we’ve disclosed the above categories of
        information for business purposes, or at your direction, with our
        service providers, affiliates, and other third-parties. For instance, we
        share Personal Data about our Users with our data hosting and storage
        providers. For more details please refer to the section above entitled
        Information That We Share with Third Parties. We have agreements with
        our service providers which limit their ability to use your information
        and require them to ensure its confidentiality.
Updates to this CCPA Section of the Privacy Notice for California
        Residents
We will update this Notice every 12 months and let you know when
        we’ve made updates, consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Questions
We know issues of privacy and data protection are complex. But
        we’re here to help in any way we can. So please contact us, via
        email at founders@retro.app if you have any questions about your
        Personal Data, our data practices, or this Privacy Policy.