Privacy Policy
Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd highly values the privacy of our customers. This policy is intended to explain to you how we use any information that you may provide to us when visiting our website.
Collection of Personal Information
Any information which is provided by you will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality and in accordance with the terms of the 
        General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) 
        with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the Free Movement of such data, and any implementing and/or amending legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time.
When paying for services online a customer is asked for the following information:
• Name
• Phone Number
• Email Address
• Credit card details
Your email and phone number are collected for the purpose of notification if changes to schedule were to occur or if there was some other problem with your booking.
Security of Personal and Payment Information
Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd maintains the following controls to protect the security of information you provide us, including credit or debit card and address details:
• Use of secure server using SSL technology to verify credit or debit card details
• Security controls to restrict access to databases housing personally identifying information
Contact Form
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact page, none
        of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to or be processed by any third party data processors. Instead the data will be collated into an email
        and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted
        before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices.
Use of Cookies & Other Technical Information
When visiting our Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd website, cookies are only used to keep track of what items you are ordering online. Once you have completed your order and had the order confirmed via your credit or debit card. If you have specified that no cookies be allowed on your pc/laptop then you will not be able to make any online purchases.
Statistical and analytical information collected through the standard operation of our internet server and logs provides us with general and not individually specific information. Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd will make no attempt to identify individual users or to associate any technical information collected through the standard operation of our internet server and logs with any individual user.
Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd, its directors and staff shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy policy and your consents.
Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd website contains links to other web sites. Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Please visit the privacy policies of these third party sites in order to understand their privacy and data collection practices.
The Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd Mobile Apps
This policy is only valid if you obtained and installed the app via an official distribution channel. These are the Google Play Store for Android, the Apple App Store for iOS, the Microsoft Store for Windows Phone, and the Amazon App Store for Fire. If you installed the app for anywhere else, then it is not genuine. Please remove and install from an official vendor.
The app includes Google analytics which is turned on by default. This is simply used for statistical reasons to help improve our app, and understand what our users are interacting with. No identifying information about the user is sent to us, and is all controlled using the Google Analytics frameworks.
There is an easy to find option within the app which will Opt you out of the Analytics system, this option persists as long as the app is installed. Reinstallation will reset this. However can be opted out again.
Some limited personal data can be stored by the app at the choice of the user, such as email address and phone number. These can be cleared at ease from the settings screen. The app in no way stores, or persists sensitive information, such as card details. None of these details are sent to any other app, or system within the device itself, and cannot be access externally from any other app.
The app can request your GPS location when using the map feature to find directions to the cinema/site. This is controlled by the operating system and not our actual app. This data is not stored in anyway.
Amendments
Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, and you should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments.
Contact us about privacy
We welcome any feedback on any privacy concern that you may have. We will use very effort to comply with this privacy policy and take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our privacy policy. Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy policy. Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd or (b) protect and defend the rights and property of Sharkey Waste Recycling Ltd and its products This privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
To Contact us simply send your details on our contact us page.