OnPixel Games
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform app users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.
If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so.
How we use your personal data.
The choices you have about your personal data.
If you have any questions, requests or concerns about data protection, please contact us with the information provided in the “Contact Information” section of this Policy.
Information Collection and Use
User Provided Information
The app obtains the information you provide when you download it.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not share any personally identifiable information with other companies.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the app may collect certain information automatically, such as anonymized usage statistics and device specific crash reports, language of your device…
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and help the app serve ads. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the app which helps us keep the cost of the app low or free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the app, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID and advertising ID of your mobile device. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the app and elsewhere.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data only on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form (no data is shared as to any individual user).
Opt-out Rights
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the app. You can stop all collection of information by the app easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes available in your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace.
Security
Your information is protected and secure, all the good practices are followed to make sure that no one can access your private information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
rubenrrll@gmail.com
By visiting our website:
https://onpixelgames.com