Terms of Service
Update date: 11.28.2024
1. Preface
1.1 Welcome to the
UpCleaner application .
1.2 This Terms of
Service ("
Agreement
") is a valid agreement between the User and us that sets
forth the terms and conditions under which the User will download, install,
register, log in, and use (collectively, "
Use
") the
Service.
"User" means the
user of the
UpCleaner
, more commonly referred to as "you" in this Agreement.
1.3
Our application and services include, but are not limited to,
providing you with value-added services such as online media, Internet
value-added, interactive entertainment, cloud storage, advertising and other
value-added services, subject to our actual provision of such services (the
"
Service
").
1.4 Please read
carefully and make sure that you fully understand this Agreement before using
the Service. The important contents of this Agreement, such as the exclusion or
limitation of liability clauses, will be brought to your attention in bold form
and you should read them with emphasis.
If you are a natural person
under the age of 18, please read carefully and make sure that youfully
understand this Agreement with a legal guardian and obtain the consent of the
legal guardian before using the Service.
1.5 This Agreement also includes the Privacy Policy and there may
be separate agreements, rules, etc. for a particular service when you use it.
Once formally posted, the foregoing shall be an integral part of this Agreement
and you shall abide by the same. Your acceptance of any of the foregoing
separate agreements shall be deemed to be your acceptance of this Agreement in
its entirety. Your acceptance of this Agreement shall be deemed to be your
acceptance of the Privacy Policy
.
1.6 By
using the Service, you confirm that you have the full
civil rights and civil capacity to perform this Agreement and consciously
accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Otherwise, you should not
use the Service.
2. Your right to access and use the Service
2.1 Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, we grant you a non-exclusive, limited,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable and revocable license to access and use the
Service. We reserve all rights with respect to the Service and the content of
our products. You may not copy, revise, reproduce, distribute, transmit,
broadcast, display, sell, or use the Service and product content in any
unauthorized form for any purpose, without our prior written consent.
2.2 You understand and
acknowledge that some features described in this Agreement may only be
available to specific users, or may only be uesed in a particular manner (e.g.
for a fee). The services you can actually enjoy when accessing and using the
Service are subject to what we actually provide to you.
2.3 In order to improve
user experience, meet user needs, ensure the security and stability of products
and services, or based on legal and regulatory requirements, we will from time
to time updates or modify the software(including but not limited to
modifications, upgrades, migrations, development of new features, changes,
suspension or cancellation of certain features). In the circumstances mentioned
above, the Service may be interrupted or suspended for a reasonable period of
time.
You agree that we shall
not be liable to you for any interruption or suspension of the Service.
Where possible, we will notify you of the foregoing in a
reasonable manner. In the event of unconventional maintenance due to force
majeure, underlying carrier, etc., we will notify you of such events in as
reasonable a manner as soon as possible after they occur.
3. User Specifications
3.1 Behavioral
requirements
You shall properly set
up and use the Service and take certain security measures on your own to
protect and back up your content. You represent and warrant that the
algorithms, models, data, products, and services you access on the Service are
secure, stable, and effective, and do not contain any other software programs,
viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful computer code, files, scripts,
programs, or any of the malware features, and will not cause damage to us
and/or our affiliates' related systems, or to our and/or its affiliates' or
other third party data. You are solely responsible and liable for security
breaches caused by your content, including but not limited to viruses, Trojan
horses, worms or other harmful programs, or security breaches caused by your
failure to use the Services in accordance with this Agreement.
When you enjoy the
Service, you are not allowed to:
3.1.1 Use any plug-in,
plug-in, system, program or third party tool not authorized or licensed by us
to interfere with, disrupt, modify or otherwise affect the normal operation of
the Service, including but not limited to using automated scripts and other
means to collect information from or interact with the Service, using a
significant amount of the System or network bandwidth resources of the Service,
which may place a severe load on the System and affect the network, servers,
products or applications of other users of the Service.
3.1.2 Use or target the
Service for any conduct that jeopardizes the security of the computer network,
including but not limited to:
(1) Illegal
intrusion into the network, interference with the normal function of the
network, theft of network data and other activities that endanger network
security.
(2)
Providing programs and tools specifically designed to engage in network
intrusion, interference with normal network functions and protective measures,
theft of network data and other activities that endanger network security.
(3) Knowing
that others are engaged in activities that endanger network security, to
provide technical support, advertising and other assistance.
(4) Use of
unauthorized data or access to unauthorized servers/accounts.
(5) Unauthorized
access to public computer networks or other people's computer systems and
delete, modify, add stored information.
(6)
Unauthorized attempts to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of the Service's
systems or networks or any acts that undermine network security.
(7)
Attempts to interfere with or disrupt the normal operation of the service
system or website, intentional dissemination of malicious programs or viruses
and other acts that disrupt and interfere with normal network information
services.
(8) Forging
of whole or partial TCP/IP packet names.
(9) Copy,
imitate, modify, translate, adapt, lend, sell, sublicense, transmit or transfer
the related services on website, or reverse engineer, disassemble, compile or
otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Service and related
services.
(10)
Violation of laws, regulations, agreements, our relevant rules and commit other
acts that violate the legitimate rights and interests of others.
3.1.3 Use the Service
for advertising purposes or for any commercial promotion or reproduction,
distribution, licensing, transfer, lease or sale of the Service, in whole or in
part.
3.1.4 Bypass any
measures that we may use to block or restrict access to the Services.
3.1.5 Incorporate the
Service or any part thereof into any other program or product.
3.1.6 Impersonate
another person or other organization, or make false or inappropriate statements
about your own identity or your relationship with another person or other
organization, including giving the impression that any content you upload,
post, transmit, distribute or make available is from the Service.
3.1.7 Use or attempt to
use another person's account, service or system without our authorization, or
create a false identity on the Service.
3.1.8 Conduct other acts
that violate laws, regulations, our relevant rules or infringe the legitimate
rights and interests of any third party.
3.2 Information content
specification
4.2.1 The content you
develop, produce, utilize, upload, comment, publish, disseminate, store and
share using the Service (including but not limited to the content uploaded to
the Service that is not publicly shared) shall consciously comply with relevant
laws and regulations, otherwise we have the right to take corresponding
processing measures immediately. You shall not use the Service to produce,
copy, store, publish, disseminate the following information:
(1) Those
that oppose the fundamental principles established by the Constitution
(2)
Endangering national security and divulging state secrets
(3)
Subverting state power, overthrowing socialism, inciting secession and
undermining national unity
(4) Causing
damage to national honor and interests.
(5) Those
that promote terrorism and extremism.
(6)
Promoting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination and undermining national unity
(7)
Inciting to regional discrimination, regional hatred
(8)
Underming the national religious policy and promoting evil cults and feudal
superstitions
(9)
Fabricating, disseminating of rumors, false information, disrupting the economic
and social order, and undermining social stability.
(10)
Disseminating, propagating obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder,
terrorism or abetting crime
(11)
Endangering network security, or trying to use the network to endanger national
security, honor and interests.
(12)
Insulting or defaming others and infringing on their legitimate rights and
interests.
(13)
Intimidating and threatening to use violence against others and implementating
human-powered search.
(14)
Distorting, scandalizing, desecrating, denying the deeds and spirit of heroic
martyrs, insulting, slandering or otherwise infringing on the name, portrait,
reputation and honor of heroic martyrs.
(15)
Spreading obscene language that undermines the public order and morals.
(16)
Infringing on privacy rights, reputation, portrait rights, intellectual
property rights and other legitimate rights and interests of others content.
(17) Any
advertising, soliciting promotional materials, "junk mail,"
"spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any
other prohibited form of solicitation.
(18)
Infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of minors or causing damage
to the physical and mental health of minors.
(19) Other
information that violates laws and regulations, public policy, social security
and public order and morality, interferes with the normal operation of the
Service or violates the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third
parties.
3.3 If we find or
receive reports or complaints from others that a user has violated this
Agreement,
we have the right to make
independent judgment and take appropriate measures,
including removing or blocking the relevant content at any time
without notice and, depending on the circumstances of the act, imposing
penalties on the offending account, including but not limited to warnings,
restricting or prohibiting the use of some or all functions, account banning or
even cancellation, and we will announce the results of the treatment.
4.
Advertisement
and External Links
4.1
You acknowledge and authorize that our products and services may
contain third parties’ commercials or promotional advertisements,
which may
be activated and made available to you in the form of lock screens, feature
unlocks, campaign incentives, etc.
Such content is provided by the
advertiser or provider of the goods/services, who take full responsibility, and
we are only the medium for posting the content. The transaction of such
services or goods purchased by users through us or websites linked to us is between
users and the providers of such goods or services, and is not related to us.
Therefore, we do not assume any legal responsibility for the transaction
mentioned above, and you should carefully judge the authenticity and
reliability of the advertisements appearing in the Service, and except as
expressly provided by law, you shall be responsible for the acts performed as a
result of such advertisements.
4.2
We may also cooperate with third parties to provide certain
features or services to you, for example, our products and services may contain
links to other online services or resources, which are provided by the third
party service providers
and for which
they are responsible
. In the process of
using the third party services, you are required to comply with the third
party's user agreement, privacy policy and other related terms and conditions
in addition to this Agreement. You understand and acknowledge that we have no
control over your use of such third-party services or resources, and therefore,
unless otherwise agreed herein, your use of such third-party services or
resources is governed by the agreement between you and the relevant third
party, and we shall not be liable for your use of such third-party services or
resources. The existence of such links does not imply that we endorse the
legitimacy or security of such third party services or resources.
4.3 You understand and
agree that we may make adjustments to the Service and the policies and services
of third party applications, and that such adjustments may have an impact on
our or third party's services (such as causing the relevant services to no
longer be available on the Service, or limiting the functions of third party
applications). We will not be liable for them except as expressly provided by
law.
4.4 You should fully
understand the functions, terms of service and privacy policies of the third
party products or services before you choose to use their services.
5. Fees and Subscriptions
5.1 Our products
provide some paid services (hereinafter referred to as "Subscription
Services"), and you can pay for your subscription through the payment
channel in the IOS App Store.
5.2 Refund of fees: You
understand and agree that our products are online goods and virtual goods,
which adopt the way of charging before service. The subscription service fee is
the authorized price for the use of the content corresponding to the service
you have purchased, rather than the nature of advance payment or deposit,
savings card, etc. Therefore, please understand and agree that once the
purchase is successful, you are deemed to have used the product and the service
fee is non-refundable unless otherwise provided by law or regulation.
5.3 Charges: The
charges for Subscription Services shall be independently decided by us based on
the company's operating costs, operating strategies, upstream supplier purchase
prices and other comprehensive considerations within the limits not prohibited
by laws and regulations (adjustments may include but are not limited to promotions,
price increases, etc.). The charges wil be displayed to you on the relevant
product pages and payment pages, and we may not provide price protection or
refunds in the event of price reductions or promotions. If you purchase or
renew the Subscription Services, the relevant charging method changes, the
actual charging method shall prevail. If the price of the relevant service has
been adjusted, the current price in effect as published by us shall prevail. If
you agree to continue the operation (including but not limited to clicking
agree, or continue to purchase, or complete the payment behavior, or use the
service, etc.), you are deemed to know and agree to the changed charging method
and current price.
5.4 Subscription
Period: We currently offer weekly, monthly and quarterly subscriptions, so you
can choose the right one for you.
5.5 Auto-renewal rules:
Auto-renewal is a service introduced to reduce the inconvenience caused by
manual renewal and to avoid failure by mistake or for other reasons to renew
your subscription in a timely manner, provided that you have subscribed our
products and services. If you do not cancel your subscription 24 hours before
the expiration of the free trial period or the current subscription period, you
agree to authorize us to issue debit instructions according to the debit rules
of third-party payment channels when the subscription period is about to
expire, and we will debit the next billing period from your account without
verifying your account password, payment password, SMS verification code and
other information.
(1)
Once you authorized us, the auto-renewed sevice will remain in effect for a
long time unless you voluntarily and explicitly unsubscribe from the service.
(2)
We will automatically renew the subscription and debit within 24 hours prior to
the expiration of each cycle. If the balance in your third party account is
insufficient to pay for the next cycle of the service, we will automatically
stop providing our service. The risk and/or loss of renewal failure due to
insufficient debitable balance in the above mentioned account shall be borne by
you. Once the payment is successfully deducted, we will open our services for
you for the current billing cycle.
(3) We
would like to remind you that the amount you pay for our services for the
current billing cycle is based on the auto-renewal price you agreed with us
when you opened our services: however, in the case of our activities or other
circumstances we have agreed with you, the aforementioned amount shall be based
on our agreement with you. Also, if you unsubscribe our service and then
re-open it, the amount you paid for our service for the current billing period
shall be the auto-renewal price agreed with us at the time of re-opening. The
communication service provider may charge you for downloading and/or accessing
the application on your mobile or tablet device, so you should confirm the
terms of the agreement with the operator. If you do so outside your own home
territory, this may include data roaming charges. All such charges are entirely
your responsibility. If you do not pay the bill associated with your mobile or
tablet device, then we will assume that you have permission from the person
doing this before incurring any such charges.
5.6 Unsubscription of automatic
renewal
If you need to cancel
the auto-renewal service, please turn off the "Auto-renewal" option
in "iTunes Account Settings" at least 24 hours before the end of the
current period. Payment will be deducted from your iTunes account after the purchase
is confirmed. Cancellation of the current subscription is not permitted during
the active subscription period. Subscriptions are managed by you. Please note
that removing the application from your device will not cancel your
subscription.
5.7 If the subscription
service period expires and the user decides not to renew the subscription, the
cloud storage service enjoyed by the user will be closed at the same time and
we will delete the data on the cloud server side. Therefore, please pay
attention to make a good backup of the data in time.
5.8 The User
acknowledges that once the subscription has been successfully completed, it
cannot be exchanged for legal tender under any circumstances and cannot be
transferred to another person, except as expressly provided by law or
regulation. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, no refunds
will be made after the subscription is completed, and any paid services and
redeemed items/features purchased by the User cannot be returned (i.e. returned
for other virtual props/items or legal tender) or exchanged for other services
or items for any reason. If we agree to refund, the user shall be compensated
us for the fees incurred when refunding by using credit cards, cell phones and
other payment channels, which we have the right to deduct directly from the
rates returned to the user.
5.9 Any subscription by a User is an expression of his or her
true intentions and the User may not claim a refund for operational errors
unless there is evidence to the contrary. In the absence of evidence to the
contrary, a minor user's subscription is deemed to have been approved by his or
her legal guardian and we shall not be obliged to issue a refund.
Should you request a
refund through Apple, we will provide them with the necessary information to
support the processing of your request. This includes your account's age,
transaction history, delivery status, total spending in our app (in USD), total
refunds issued (in USD), time spent using the app, and other relevant data.
6. Data Privacy and Security
6.1 We are committed to
protecting your personal information, and we will endeavor to protect the
security of your personal information by implementing technical or other
security measures appropriate to the Service, to the extent commercially
reasonable. We will collect, use, store and share your personal information in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Privacy Policy. If
this Agreement does not explicitly provide for the protection of personal
information, the contents of the Privacy Policy shall prevail.
6.2 Our Privacy Policy
may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in documents such as
applicable laws, regulations, standards, industry codes, or to reflect changes,
updates or new features of the Service. Your continued access or use of the
Service following any updates to the Privacy Policy means that you have read,
understood and accepted those updates.
6.3 We will not
transfer or disclose your personal information to any third party unless:
(1) Relevant
laws and regulations or judicial and administrative organs require.
(2) For the
purpose of completing a merger, demerger, acquisition or transfer of assets.
(3)
Necessary to provide the services you have requested.
(4) Permitted
by the Privacy Policy or other relevant agreement rules.
7. User Content
7.1
If you are complained by others or you complain against
others, we have the right to provide the necessary information such as the
subject information, contact information and complaint-related content of the
relevant parties in the dispute to the other parties or relevant departments in
order to resolve the dispute in a timely manner and protect the legitimate
rights and interests of all parties.
7.2
You warrant that you are responsible for the authenticity,
legality and validity of the information, materials and evidence provided by
you in the complaint handling process.
7.3
If there is any violation of this Agreement or relevant
regulations, we have the right, depending on the nature of the user's behavior,
without prior notice to you, to take measures including, but not limited to,
banning the account, clearing the account amount, restricting re-registration,
clearing the data, limiting membership functions, etc., and reserve the right
to pursue the user's responsibility and report to the public security organs,
judicial organs and other departments to defend their rights. If your violation
causes us or others any loss, you should compensate.
8. Breach of Contract and Compensation
8.1
If you violate this Agreement and/or other terms and conditions
of the Service that you are required to comply with, we have the right, at our
sole discretion and as appropriate, to take reasonable measures without prior
notice to you, including but not limited to advance warning, restricting,
suspending, terminating your use of some or all of the features of the Service,
blocking or deleting the content you upload, transmit or provide, restricting
some or all of the features of your account You are responsible for any
consequences and losses resulting from such measures.
We have the right to announce the results of processing and
decide whether to restore the use of the relevant account according to the
actual situation, and we have the right not to restore or return the deleted
content. We will keep records of suspected violations of laws and regulations
and suspected illegal and criminal acts, and have the right to report to the
relevant authorities, cooperate with the relevant authorities in investigations,
and report to the public security authorities, etc.
8.2
If you violate this Agreement and/or other terms and conditions
of service that you are required to comply with, resulting in complaints,
lawsuits and claims from third parties, you shall deal with them by yourself
and bear full responsibility. If our affiliates, partners, we and other
subjects suffer any loss (including but not limited to attorney's fees and
expenses) or administrative penalties as a result of your illegal or
non-compliant behavior, you shall fully compensate.
9. Limited Warranty
9.1 You understand and
agree that the Service is provided based on the current technology and
conditions. We will use our best efforts to provide you with a consistent and
secure service, but given that the relevant service may be affected or
disrupted by a number of factors, we cannot guarantee anything including, but
not limited to, the following.
(1) Your
use of the Service will fully satisfy your needs.
(2) The
Service is continuous, uninterrupted, immediate, secure and error-free.
(3) Any
errors in this service will be able to be corrected.
(4) The
Service will be compatible with your Content or any other hardware, software,
systems, services or data that we do not provide.
9.2 To the extent
permitted by law, we cannot give you any warranties, guarantees or undertakings
other than those expressly set out in this Agreement.
We may change, suspend, withdraw or limit all or part of the
functions of the Service at any time for commercial or operational reasons
without notice to you.
9.3 We will do our best
to make the Service secure and stable, but you understand that we cannot at all
times foresee and protect against all technical or other risks, including but
not limited to force majeure, viruses, Trojan horses, hacker attacks, system
instability, base carrier causes, power supply failures, communication network
failures, third party service defects, system updates and upgrades,
governmental investigations, judicial administrative orders, Service interruptions,
data loss, failure to use normally and other similar situations may be caused
by third party websites, etc. In the event of such circumstances, we will
endeavor to repair them as soon as conditions permit, but you agree that we
will not be liable for any damages arising from the foregoing and that the
occurrence of the foregoing and the cancellation or termination of any order or
service (if any and where applicable) for such reasons shall not relieve you of
your obligation to make payment for the portion of the Services we have
provided under this Agreement. Also, you will need to configure your own
computer equipment, network settings, computer programs, etc. to use the
Service, and you should configure your own anti-virus program for your
equipment.
10. Scope of Liability
10.1
To the extent
permitted by law, we will not be liable to you for any of the following,
whether or not we have been advised of, or should have been aware of, the
possibility of such damages
.
10.1.1 Liability for
any indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, special or criminal damages
and losses, including but not limited to anticipated benefits, goodwill and
reputation, opportunities, loss of data material, third party expenses. Except
as otherwise expressly provided by law, in any event, our liability to you for
damages will be capped at the amount you have paid to us for the Services in
the month which you incurred the loss or we are in default. To the maximum
extent permitted by law, these limitations and terms apply to any matter or any
claim relating to this Agreement.
10.1.2 Any loss or
damage caused to you by:
(1) your
use of any third party products or services.
(2) our
modification or suspension of the Service or any feature within the Service in
any way.
(3) your not
providing us with accurate account information or not protecting the security
of your account password as required by this Agreement.
(4) Other
breach of this Agreement.
12.2 To the maximum
extent permitted by law, any dispute between you and any third party
(including, without limitation, any mobile network service provider, rights
owner or other user) arising out of your use of the Service is directly between
you and that third party and you must exclude our liability and damages of any
kind and nature (whether actual or consequential) arising out of all such
disputes.
11.Others
11.1 Content and
Amendments: This Agreement includes the text of this Agreement and all privacy
policies, rules, and notices that we have issued or may issue in the future. The
foregoing is an integral part of this Agreement and has the same legal effect
as this Agreement.
In
order to provide you with better services or due to changes in national laws
and regulations, policy adjustments, technical conditions, product features,
etc., we may revise this Agreement from time to time, and the revisions will
form part of this Agreement.
After this
Agreement is updated, we will remind you of the updated content in an
appropriate manner so that you can keep abreast of the latest version of this
Agreement, and you can also check the latest version of the Agreement terms and
conditions on the home page of our website or the software settings page. If
you have any objection to the content of the revised Agreement, you have the
right to stop using the Service immediately.
If you continue to use the Service after the effective date of
the revised Agreement, you agree to accept the contents of the revised
Agreement.
11.2 Applicable Law and
Jurisdiction: The laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China shall
apply to the formation, entry into force, performance, interpretation and
dispute resolution of this Agreement. If any agreement of this Agreement is
judged or ruled invalid, such provisions shall be reinterpreted as close as possible
to its original provisions of this Agreement without prejudice to the validity
of other provisions of this Agreement, provided that they are not contrary to
the law.
11.3
The place of signing this Agreement is Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region,People's Republic of China, and the parties shall try to
resolve any dispute arising from this Agreement through friendly negotiation;
if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute to the people's court
with jurisdiction in the place where this Agreement is signed.
11.4 You may not assign
any of your rights or obligations under these Terms to any third party without
our prior written consent. You understand and agree that we have the right to
determine our own business strategy and to transfer all of our rights and
obligations under this Agreement to our affiliates or other legal entities in
conjunction with any business adjustments, and you acknowledge that in such
cases, we do not need to obtain your consent and we will endeavor to give you
reasonable notice.
11.5 Our failure to
assert or enforce any covenant of this Agreement for the time being shall not
be deemed a waiver of such covenant or a relinquishment of such rights by us.
11.6 For the
convenience of reading and understanding, this Agreement may be translated into
multiple language versions. In case of conflict between different versions, the
simplified Chinese version of this Agreement shall prevail.
11.7 If you need to
give us any feedback (including but not limited to suggestions, complaints,
reports, etc.) in the process of using our products or services, you can
contact us through the following ways: Customer Service Email:
【
upcleanercontact@zohomail.com
】