Contexto
English
|
Português
English
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Context's policy to respect your
        privacy with respect to any information we may collect from you on the
Contexto
website , and other websites
        we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we really need it to provide
        you with a service. We do this by fair and lawful means, with your
        knowledge and consent. We also tell you why we are collecting it and how
        it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide
        the requested service. When we store data, we protect it within
        commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as
        unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We do not share personally identifiable information publicly or with
        third parties, except as required by law.
Our website may have links to external websites that are not operated by
        us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and
        practices of these sites and cannot accept responsibility for their
        respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for personal information, with the
        understanding that we may not be able to provide you with some of the
        services you require.
Your continued use of our website will be deemed acceptance of our
        practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any
        questions about how we handle user data and personal information, please
        contact us.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site
        uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer,
        to improve your experience. This page describes what information they
        collect, how we use it, and why we sometimes need to store these
        cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being
        stored, however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the
        website's functionality.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies for a variety of reasons, detailed below. Unfortunately,
        in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling
        cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they
        add to this site. It is recommended that you leave all cookies if you
        are not sure whether or not you need them if they are used to provide a
        service you use.
Disable cookies
You can prevent cookies from being set by adjusting your browser
        settings (see your browser's Help for how to do this). Please be aware
        that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many
        other websites you visit. Disabling cookies will generally result in the
        disabling of certain functionality and features of this website.
        Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
Third-party cookies
We use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section
        details which third-party cookies you may encounter through this
        website.
This website uses Google Analytics, which is one of the most
          widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web, to help us
          understand how you use the website and how we can improve your
          experience. These cookies can track things like how much time you
          spend on the site and the pages you visit so that we can continue to
          produce engaging content.
For more information about Google Analytics cookies, see the official
        Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this
          website so that we can continue to produce compelling content. These
          cookies can track things like the time you spend on the website or the
          pages you visit, which helps us understand how we can improve the
          website for you.
From time to time, we test new features and make subtle changes to the
          way the site looks. When we are still testing new features, these
          cookies may be used to ensure you receive a consistent experience
          while on the site, while we understand which optimizations our users
          appreciate most.
As we sell products, it's important for us to understand statistics
          about how many visitors to our website actually buy, and so this is
          the type of data these cookies will track. This is important to you as
          it means we can make accurate business forecasts that allow us to
          analyze our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible
          price.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve ads uses a DoubleClick
          cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number
          of times a particular ad is shown to you.
For more information about AdSense, see the official AdSense Privacy
          FAQs.
We use advertisements to offset the costs of running this site and to
          provide funding for future developments. The behavioral advertising
          cookies used by this website are designed to ensure that you provide
          the most relevant advertisements whenever possible, anonymously
          tracking your interests and featuring similar things that may be of
          interest to you.
Various partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking
          cookies simply allow us to see if our customers accessed the site
          through one of our partners' websites so that we can properly credit
          them and, where applicable, allow our affiliate partners to offer any
          promotion that may provide you to make a purchase.
User's commitment
The user undertakes to make adequate use of the contents and information
        that the Context offers on the website and with an enunciative, but not
        limiting character:
A) Not to engage in activities that are illegal or contrary to good
          faith and public order;
B) Not to disseminate propaganda or content of a racist, xenophobic,
          or unlucky nature, any type of illegal pornography, in support of
          terrorism or against human rights;
C) Not to cause damage to the physical (hardware) and logical
          (software) systems of the Context, its suppliers or third parties, to
          introduce or disseminate computer viruses or any other hardware or
          software systems that are capable of causing damages mentioned above.
Amendment of this Privacy Policy
The current version of the Privacy Policy was formulated and last
        updated in: September/2022.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, mainly
        depending on the adequacy of any changes made to our website or in the
        legislative scope. We recommend that you review it frequently.
Any changes will take effect as of their publication on our website and
        we will always notify you of the changes.
By using our services and providing your personal data after such
        modifications, you consent to them.
More information
Hopefully this is clear and, as mentioned earlier, if there's something
        you're not sure you need or not, it's generally safer to leave cookies
        enabled in case it interacts with one of the features you use on our
        site.
This policy is effective from
April
/
2022
.
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire
        LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC
        may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for
        advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected,
        how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
.
FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may
        access and use certain information on your device and about your
        interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or
        change consent-choices at any time by clicking
here
.
Português
Política de Privacidade
A sua privacidade é importante para nós. É política do Contexto
        respeitar a sua privacidade em relação a qualquer informação sua que
        possamos coletar no site
Contexto
, e
        outros sites que possuímos e operamos.
Solicitamos informações pessoais apenas quando realmente precisamos
        delas para lhe fornecer um serviço. Fazemo-lo por meios justos e legais,
        com o seu conhecimento e consentimento. Também informamos por que
        estamos coletando e como será usado.
Apenas retemos as informações coletadas pelo tempo necessário para
        fornecer o serviço solicitado. Quando armazenamos dados, protegemos
        dentro de meios comercialmente aceitáveis ​​para evitar perdas e roubos,
        bem como acesso, divulgação, cópia, uso ou modificação não autorizados.
Não compartilhamos informações de identificação pessoal publicamente ou
        com terceiros, exceto quando exigido por lei.
O nosso site pode ter links para sites externos que não são operados por
        nós. Esteja ciente de que não temos controle sobre o conteúdo e práticas
        desses sites e não podemos aceitar responsabilidade por suas respectivas
        políticas de privacidade.
Você é livre para recusar a nossa solicitação de informações pessoais,
        entendendo que talvez não possamos fornecer alguns dos serviços
        desejados.
O uso continuado de nosso site será considerado como aceitação de nossas
        práticas em torno de privacidade e informações pessoais. Se você tiver
        alguma dúvida sobre como lidamos com dados do usuário e informações
        pessoais, entre em contacto connosco.
Política de Cookies
O que são cookies?
Como é prática comum em quase todos os sites profissionais, este site
        usa cookies, que são pequenos arquivos baixados no seu computador, para
        melhorar sua experiência. Esta página descreve quais informações eles
        coletam, como as usamos e por que às vezes precisamos armazenar esses
        cookies. Também compartilharemos como você pode impedir que esses
        cookies sejam armazenados, no entanto, isso pode fazer o downgrade ou
        'quebrar' certos elementos da funcionalidade do site.
Como usamos os cookies?
Utilizamos cookies por vários motivos, detalhados abaixo. Infelizmente,
        na maioria dos casos, não existem opções padrão do setor para desativar
        os cookies sem desativar completamente a funcionalidade e os recursos
        que eles adicionam a este site. É recomendável que você deixe todos os
        cookies se não tiver certeza se precisa ou não deles, caso sejam usados
        para fornecer um serviço que você usa.
Desativar cookies
Você pode impedir a configuração de cookies ajustando as configurações
        do seu navegador (consulte a Ajuda do navegador para saber como fazer
        isso). Esteja ciente de que a desativação de cookies afetará a
        funcionalidade deste e de muitos outros sites que você visita. A
        desativação de cookies geralmente resultará na desativação de
        determinadas funcionalidades e recursos deste site. Portanto, é
        recomendável que você não desative os cookies.
Cookies que definimos
Cookies relacionados à conta
Se você criar uma conta connosco, usaremos cookies para o
          gerenciamento do processo de inscrição e administração geral. Esses
          cookies geralmente serão excluídos quando você sair do sistema, porém,
          em alguns casos, eles poderão permanecer posteriormente para lembrar
          as preferências do seu site ao sair.
Cookies relacionados ao login
Utilizamos cookies quando você está logado, para que possamos lembrar
          dessa ação. Isso evita que você precise fazer login sempre que visitar
          uma nova página. Esses cookies são normalmente removidos ou limpos
          quando você efetua logout para garantir que você possa acessar apenas
          a recursos e áreas restritas ao efetuar login.
Cookies relacionados a boletins por e-mail
Este site oferece serviços de assinatura de boletim informativo ou
          e-mail e os cookies podem ser usados ​​para lembrar se você já está
          registrado e se deve mostrar determinadas notificações válidas apenas
          para usuários inscritos / não inscritos.
Pedidos processando cookies relacionados
Este site oferece facilidades de comércio eletrônico ou pagamento e
          alguns cookies são essenciais para garantir que seu pedido seja
          lembrado entre as páginas, para que possamos processá-lo
          adequadamente.
Cookies relacionados a pesquisas
Periodicamente, oferecemos pesquisas e questionários para fornecer
          informações interessantes, ferramentas úteis ou para entender nossa
          base de usuários com mais precisão. Essas pesquisas podem usar cookies
          para lembrar quem já participou numa pesquisa ou para fornecer
          resultados precisos após a alteração das páginas.
Cookies relacionados a formulários
Quando você envia dados por meio de um formulário como os encontrados
          nas páginas de contacto ou nos formulários de comentários, os cookies
          podem ser configurados para lembrar os detalhes do usuário para
          correspondência futura.
Cookies de preferências do site
Para proporcionar uma ótima experiência neste site, fornecemos a
          funcionalidade para definir suas preferências de como esse site é
          executado quando você o usa. Para lembrar suas preferências,
          precisamos definir cookies para que essas informações possam ser
          chamadas sempre que você interagir com uma página for afetada por suas
          preferências.
Cookies de Terceiros
Em alguns casos especiais, também usamos cookies fornecidos por
        terceiros confiáveis. A seção a seguir detalha quais cookies de
        terceiros você pode encontrar através deste site.
Este site usa o Google Analytics, que é uma das soluções de análise
          mais difundidas e confiáveis ​​da Web, para nos ajudar a entender como
          você usa o site e como podemos melhorar sua experiência. Esses cookies
          podem rastrear itens como quanto tempo você gasta no site e as páginas
          visitadas, para que possamos continuar produzindo conteúdo atraente.
Para mais informações sobre cookies do Google Analytics, consulte a
        página oficial do Google Analytics.
As análises de terceiros são usadas para rastrear e medir o uso deste
          site, para que possamos continuar produzindo conteúdo atrativo. Esses
          cookies podem rastrear itens como o tempo que você passa no site ou as
          páginas visitadas, o que nos ajuda a entender como podemos melhorar o
          site para você.
Periodicamente, testamos novos recursos e fazemos alterações subtis na
          maneira como o site se apresenta. Quando ainda estamos testando novos
          recursos, esses cookies podem ser usados ​​para garantir que você
          receba uma experiência consistente enquanto estiver no site, enquanto
          entendemos quais otimizações os nossos usuários mais apreciam.
À medida que vendemos produtos, é importante entendermos as
          estatísticas sobre quantos visitantes de nosso site realmente compram
          e, portanto, esse é o tipo de dados que esses cookies rastrearão. Isso
          é importante para você, pois significa que podemos fazer previsões de
          negócios com precisão que nos permitem analizar nossos custos de
          publicidade e produtos para garantir o melhor preço possível.
O serviço Google AdSense que usamos para veicular publicidade usa um
          cookie DoubleClick para veicular anúncios mais relevantes em toda a
          Web e limitar o número de vezes que um determinado anúncio é exibido
          para você.
Para mais informações sobre o Google AdSense, consulte as FAQs
          oficiais sobre privacidade do Google AdSense.
Utilizamos anúncios para compensar os custos de funcionamento deste
          site e fornecer financiamento para futuros desenvolvimentos. Os
          cookies de publicidade comportamental usados ​​por este site foram
          projetados para garantir que você forneça os anúncios mais relevantes
          sempre que possível, rastreando anonimamente seus interesses e
          apresentando coisas semelhantes que possam ser do seu interesse.
Vários parceiros anunciam em nosso nome e os cookies de rastreamento
          de afiliados simplesmente nos permitem ver se nossos clientes
          acessaram o site através de um dos sites de nossos parceiros, para que
          possamos creditá-los adequadamente e, quando aplicável, permitir que
          nossos parceiros afiliados ofereçam qualquer promoção que pode
          fornecê-lo para fazer uma compra.
Compromisso do Usuário
O usuário se compromete a fazer uso adequado dos conteúdos e da
        informação que o Contexto oferece no site e com caráter enunciativo, mas
        não limitativo:
A) Não se envolver em atividades que sejam ilegais ou contrárias à boa
          fé a à ordem pública;
B) Não difundir propaganda ou conteúdo de natureza racista,
          xenofóbica, ou azar, qualquer tipo de pornografia ilegal, de apologia
          ao terrorismo ou contra os direitos humanos;
C) Não causar danos aos sistemas físicos (hardwares) e lógicos
          (softwares) do Contexto, de seus fornecedores ou terceiros, para
          introduzir ou disseminar vírus informáticos ou quaisquer outros
          sistemas de hardware ou software que sejam capazes de causar danos
          anteriormente mencionados.
Alteração desta Política de Privacidade
A atual versão da Política de Privacidade foi formulada e atualizada
        pela última vez em: Abril/2022.
Reservamos o direito de modificar essa Política de Privacidade a
        qualquer tempo, principalmente em função da adequação a eventuais
        alterações feitas em nosso site ou em âmbito legislativo. Recomendamos
        que você a revise com frequência.
Eventuais alterações entrarão em vigor a partir de sua publicação em
        nosso site e sempre lhe notificaremos acerca das mudanças ocorridas.
Ao utilizar nossos serviços e fornecer seus dados pessoais após tais
        modificações, você as consente.
Mais informações
Esperemos que esteja esclarecido e, como mencionado anteriormente, se
        houver algo que você não tem certeza se precisa ou não, geralmente é
        mais seguro deixar os cookies ativados, caso interaja com um dos
        recursos que você usa em nosso site.
Esta política é efetiva a partir de
Abril
/
2022
.
A publicidade total ou parcial neste site ou aplicativo é gerenciada
        pela Playwire LLC. Se os serviços de publicidade do editor Playwire
        forem usados, a Playwire LLC poderá coletar e usar determinados dados
        agregados e anonimizados para fins publicitários. Para saber mais sobre
        os tipos de dados coletados, como os dados são usados e suas escolhas
        como usuário, visite
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy:
×
Do you agree to let us use cookies?
On the Playwire website, we use cookies to deliver better user experience, manage authentication and provide relevant alerts. Learn more from our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
×
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how Playwire LLC, its subsidiary and affiliate corporations, successors, and assigns (collectively, “Playwire”) uses and protects the information you provide.
This “Privacy Policy” applies to
www.playwire.com
,
the Playwire Platform (see below), and any other websites owned or operated by Playwire or that may be subsequently added, variations or successors to this website (the “Playwire Sites”), any Playwire computer software downloadable or otherwise available from the Playwire Sites (“Software”), Playwire’s services, including but not limited to, the Playwire digital advertising technology, advertising management services, mobile applications, Revenue Intelligence™, RAMP™, Trendi™, Kids Club
®
, and all other Playwire platforms and networks (collectively referred to as the “Services, Platforms and Networks”)
This Privacy Policy applies to all Users of the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks.   If you are interested in finding out more information regarding our GDPR compliance,
click here.
Last Updated: Mar 16, 2023
1. TYPE OF INFORMATION PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES COLLECT.
By use of the Services, Platforms and Networks, Playwire may collect two (2) types of information about Users: Personal and Non-Personal. In addition, Playwire works with advertisers, ad agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers (collectively “Third Parties”) to serve advertisements on publishers using the Playwire Services, Platforms and Networks. Third Parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device including but not limited to cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other information as described below.
“Personal Information.” Personal Information refers to information that lets Playwire know the specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify, contact or locate you or a business interested in the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks (
e.g.
, name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address). Playwire may collect Personal Information when you use the Playwire Sites including, without limitation, setting up account information, filling out surveys, corresponding with Playwire, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself. Playwire does not sell, trade or rent Personal Information collected through the Playwire Sites to any third-party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Playwire shall: (1) fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies; and (2) may be required to disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation.
“Non-Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information refers to information that, by itself, does not identify you as a specific individual (
e.g.
, demographic information or website visitations). Playwire and/or advertisers, advertising agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers may collect and/or process Non-Personal Information through a variety of methods and industry standard technologies described further below.
Information about your browser including: the type of browser you use, browser language, browser settings, cookie information and other locally stored objects. This may include data about you related to bid requests and ad impressions, collected when we decide to show you an ad on a Digital Property and when we deliver an advertisement.
Information about your device including device operating system version, connection type, device make, device model, device Identifiers such as your IDFA or AAID, and the IP address from which the device accesses our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Unique anonymous IDs assigned to your browser or device, which allows the Platform to automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has integrated our technology.  This allows our clients and partners to sync their own unique identifiers against this ID so that they can use their own data on the Services, Platforms and Networks that they may have associated with you (collectively “Digital Identifiers”).
General geolocation information, as well as precise geolocation information when location services have been enabled for an app on your device that has integrated our technology or that sends that information to our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Information about your online activity such as website visited, general browsing history, viewing history, referral source, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, app, or advertisement, including the time web pages or apps were visited or used, including in-game or online viewing activity (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).
Inferences or audience segmentation derived from our Services, Platforms and Networks, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors.
Information about ads served, viewed or clicked on, including the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app.
Information about the specific content viewed on websites
Email addresses in hashed form
Information about your internet service including information about which internet service provider is used by you.
To receive more information about these practices and/or opt out of these types of data collection you may visit the following links:
To opt-out of interest-based advertising using cookies:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/
https://optout.aboutads.info/
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
https://allaboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-cookies
To opt out of email-based identifiers go here:
LiveRamp:
When you use Playwire Publisher Websites and enter your email address on their websites (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Trade Desk UID:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
To turn off personalized ads in Chrome go here:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
To opt out of Google Analytics go here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mobile device system software such as Apple iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (“Opt out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). When Playwire’s technology encounters “Limit Ad Tracking” signals they are respected. Devices vary in where they include the setting to adjust.
2. HOW PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We use, and allow third parties as set forth herein to use, the information we collect for the following purposes:
System Administration. Playwire may use Non-Personal Information for the purposes of system administration, assisting in diagnosing problems with Playwire servers, monitoring Playwire’s Services, Platforms, and Networks performance and traffic on the Playwire Sites and to gather broad demographic information about Playwire customers.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to advertisers, including providing and operating our services which include:
Compiling statistics about the advertising transactions occurring through our Platform and conducting research and development for our own internal business purposes, such as analyzing campaign forecasts and conducting machine learning to help our clients improve their sales of ad space and delivery of ads to you
Analyzing and reporting on campaign and ad performance, such as reporting to advertisers about when and how you have been exposed to ads or clicked on ads, and reporting to Digital Properties information about when and how ads were shown on their Digital Properties and whether they were clicked on
Investigating, protecting against, and deterring malicious activity, fake traffic, or fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity on the Platform and on the internet.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to our customers and publishers, including providing and operating our services.
Playwire uses Cookies and IP Addresses to track features such as delivering content specific to your interests and informing you of new, relevant services or certain third-party offerings.
Notices to Registered Users. If you have registered for an Account, Playwire may use your Personal Information to send emails regarding your registration, including confirmation to verify the accuracy of any information you have provided. Playwire may also send you emails to verify your identity or to notify you if Playwire believes your use of Playwire Sites violates any applicable agreement for the use of the Playwire Sites.
Advertising-related purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising: Using Platform Data to infer what you may be interested in and to serve ads to you based on these inferred interests.
Frequency Capping: Limiting the number of times you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad or type of ad too many times
Showing Ads in Sequence: Showing you ads in a particular order to provide a better user experience
Geo-Targeting: Customizing ads shown to you based on your current or prior location
Contextual Ads: Showing ads to you based on the content you are viewing
Ad Measurement: Understanding how users respond to ads (e.g., clicking on the ad)
Aggregated Statistics: Reporting aggregated statistics regarding, for example, the effectiveness of online advertising campaigns
Cross-Device Mapping: Enabling Cross-Device Mapping (grouping the devices that are owned by an individual or household) in order to serve or measure advertising on related devices on behalf of our clients.
For ad campaigns that are intended for child-directed sites, or child-directed categories of digital app stores (such as apps included in Apple’s Kids category), we take measures to ensure that our service providers have disabled any and all forms of behaviorally targeted advertising and sensitive ad content categories and that the child’s anonymous browsing information is only used for permissible internal support operations in accordance with COPPA (e.g., contextual advertising, ad capping, etc.). All ads are subject to human review for appropriateness.
Promotional Emails.  Playwire may use your Personal Information to send you emails periodically listing promotions or events relating to the Playwire Sites or from Playwire’s marketing partners or sponsors. You have the choice to opt out of receiving such promotional emails by sending an e-mail to legal@playwire.com and/or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once Playwire has processed your opt-out request, Playwire will not send you promotional emails unless you opt back in to receive such communications.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law: We may also disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Information. If you contact Playwire by telephone, e-mail, or letter, Playwire may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence. If you report a problem with the Playwire Sites, Playwire may collect this information in a file specific to you. You may contact Playwire at
legal@playwire.com
to request the removal of this information from Playwire’s database.
3. HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, Playwire shall allow Users to update or correct Personal Information previously submitted, but only to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Additionally, upon request, Playwire shall delete Personal Information from the database where such information is stored; however, it may be impossible to entirely delete a User’s entry without some residual information being retained due to the manner in which data backups are maintained. Requests to delete Personal Information shall be submitted to legal@playwire.com.
4. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security Measures. Playwire takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information. These include, but are not limited to, internal reviews of: (i) Playwire’s data collection; (ii) storage and processing practices; (ii) electronic security measures; and (iv) physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where Playwire stores Personal Information. All Playwire employees, contractors and agents who access Personal Information are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution or unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information.
Third-Party Links. The Playwire Sites may contain links to third parties who may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from you. Additionally, Playwire may use third parties to provide components of the Playwire Sites. In either case, such third parties may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Playwire. Playwire: (i) has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions; (ii) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites; and (iii) does not make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them.
5. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
If you reside or are located in certain jurisdictions, you may have rights and protections regarding the collection, processing, sharing, and use of your data under a particular jurisdiction’s law. This may mean that you may have the right to:
Request access and obtain a copy of your data;
To request rectification of your data;
In certain circumstances, and subject to some specific legal reasons where we may need to retain data, to request that your data be deleted or erased
To opt out of the sale of your data to third parties;
If applicable, to enforce your right to data portability;
To object to the processing of your data in certain circumstances;
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights with respect to your data.
6. The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU or UK Data Subject
A.    Persons Covered.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on Playwire as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. This section is designed to provide more information on how Playwire adheres to the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 and your rights as a data subject located in the UK or the EEA.
B.    Definition of Personal Data.
Both the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA or UK we treat it as personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to Playwire.com; b) data collected from customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees.
C.    Special Categories of Personal Data.
Playwire does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to UK or EEA data subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation).
D.    Legal Basis for Processing.
Both the UK Data Protection Act and GDPR requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by Playwire includes: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by Playwire.
I.    Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies
– We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As Playwire does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below.  Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via Playwire.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required.
II.    Usage Data and Profile Information
– While we obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, Playwire processes Usage Data and Profile Information under our legitimate interest. For purposes of clarity, where this data is utilized for analytics, targeted advertising, measurement or reporting, we also process it via legitimate interest. To offer additional transparency, we endeavor to mention some of these use cases in the consents obtained for cookies and pixels.
III.    Website Data
– We collect personal data via Playwire.com. Where that data is provided to Playwire (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a Business Relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the website, we use consent. Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the website and help us to a better job of personalizing the website to the interests of visitors.
IV.    Account Data and Business Relationships
– We require some Publishers to setup an Account with Playwire. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to Playwire, our customers, our employees and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, Playwire may have your personal data including your name, your work email or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between Playwire and the Publisher, customer, vendor, etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing).
V.    General Purposes
– There are a number of instances where Playwire processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example:
A.    Legal and Regulatory Compliance
– Like most companies, Playwire will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for Playwire to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
B.    Enforcement of Legal Obligations
– To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, Playwire processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings.
C.    Sell and Promote Our Business
– Playwire may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest.
D.    Aggregated Data
– Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes.
E.    UK and EU Data Subject Rights.
Where the GDPR or UK Data Protection Act applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. Given that both the UK Data Protection Act and the GDPR defines personal data broadly, these rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at gdpr@playwire.com . We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one month period.
You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
F.    Cross-border transfers of EU or UK Personal Data.
We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law.
When we transfer personal data outside the EEA or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded.
G.    Data Protection Officer.
Playwire has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required.  Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted as follows: gdpr@playwire.com
7. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
1. Overview of California Consumer Privacy Laws
This California Privacy Policy applies only to California consumers (“you” or collectively as “consumers”) and supplements the Playwire Privacy Policy (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”). The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), collectively referred to as “California Consumer Privacy Laws”, provide California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This California Privacy Policy describes a California consumer’s privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Laws, explains how you may exercise your privacy rights, and provides an overview on the types of personal information we collect.
2. California Consumer Privacy Laws provide you with the following rights:
Right to know.
You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect about you; the categories of sources from which we collect personal information; our business or commercial purpose for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information; any categories of third parties with whom we share your information; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about that consumer
Right to delete.
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collect about you.
Right to opt out.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. If we sell any of your personal information, you have the right, at any time, to tell us not to sell your personal information. You also have the right to request that we do not share your personal information.  If you wish to exercise these rights, please see our  Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information opt-out page.
Right to correct.
You have the right to request the correction of any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate personal information as you may direct.
Right to limit use or disclosure of sensitive personal information (“SPI”).
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your SPI, if we are using your SPI beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested goods or services.   We do not collect SPI.
Right to nondiscrimination.
If you exercise any of your privacy rights, we will not discriminate against you.
Notice of Financial Incentives.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to provide financial incentives for collecting, selling, or retaining your personal information.
Right to know how long we retain your information.
We will retain your information as long as it is reasonably necessary for each disclosed purpose, as outlined in the tables below. If you have any questions or would like to exercise any privacy rights, please contact us.
3. Information We May Keep.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to keep your personal information that we need to provide you with goods and services, ensure the security and integrity of your personal information, fix any errors, exercise free speech, use your information lawfully for our internal purposes, and to comply with the law.
4. Contact.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to exercise your privacy rights and request your information from us, at no cost. We will provide our response in a readily usable format, which is usually electronic.  If you would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, please contact us through any of the following:
by writing to:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way
Suite 500
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
by email:
legal@playwire.com
5. Verification of Your Identity.
To protect your privacy, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will ask you to confirm your name, email address, phone number and other information so that we can reasonably confirm your identity. We will not share any information until we can reasonably confirm your identity.
6. Our Response Time to Your Privacy Request
Response Time.
We will respond to your verifiable consumer request (“VCR”) within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us.
Response Time for Complex Requests.
If you have a complex VCR, state privacy laws allow us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond.
Our Response.
Our response will cover the 12-month period preceding the business’s receipt of the VCR. A consumer may request that we disclose the required information beyond the 12-month period (limited to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022), and we will provide that information unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. Note that there is no obligation to provide this information to the same consumer more than twice in a 12-month period.
7. Authorized Agent.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to ask someone else to exercise your privacy rights for you. This person is your “Authorized Agent.” Before we will share anything with your Authorized Agent, you will need to provide your written permission or other proof, such as a valid Power of Attorney. Please contact us if you would like us to know who your Authorized Agent is.  Once we have your written permission, we will also ask your Authorized Agent to verify their identity with us directly. We will not share any of your information with your Authorized Agent unless we have both your written permission and have verified the identity of your  authorized agent.
8. Information Collection and Use- Sources of Information.
Please refer back to https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy.  To help consumers make informed privacy decisions, the California Consumer Privacy Laws create and define categories of personal information. Some types of personal information may apply to multiple categories. We collect the categories of personal information described in Table 1 below. Depending on your level of interaction with us, we may not have collected your personal information from all of the categories.
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information
Categories of Sources of Collection
Identifiers
A. Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
B. IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet
A. Directly from you, the user
B. From your device when accessing our website or one of our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology or services
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browser and Device Information, User Agent,IP Address,  Mobile Device Identifiers such as IDFA or AAID/GAID, custom or external unique Identifiers, search history and information on interaction with our publisher websites, their content and advertisements
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
Location
Regional location of the users device
Through the IP address of your device, collected through our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology as you access them
Inferences
Inferences drawn from the above mentioned categories to create an advertising profile reflecting perceived interests and behavior of a user
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
9. Business Purposes Of The Personal Information We Collect And Sell.
Table 2 is a list of the categories of personal information we disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Categories of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose
Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Advertising and marketing company news and products to you
D. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing data services which analyze how users interact with content and advertisements on website/apps
B. Analytics and research activities to improve our products and services
C. Detecting security incidents, illegal or fraudulent activities
D. Debugging and troubleshooting purposes to improve service, fix errors and maintain usability of services
10. Categories Of Personal Information We Sell Or Disclose For A Business Purpose
Table 3 below describes the categories of personal information we sell or disclose for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we sold in the past 12 months.  The sources for each category of personal information we collect, the business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information, and the third parties with whom we may share your personal information with.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties to Whom the information is disclosed or sold
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet, Internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
D. Marketing company news and products to you
E. Advertising Services
F. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
Playwire collects the personal information described above for a variety of business and commercial purposes.
For
Ad Services
, we use the personal information collected to provide our services; serve ads; provide information and reports to Media Buyers; prevent End Users from seeing the same ad too many times; customize and personalize ads; analyze ad performance; deliver Internet-based and location-based advertising; detect and prevent fraud and protect the security of our Ad Services; provide, manage and improve our Ad Services and develop new services; calculate usage levels of our Ad Services, help diagnose server problems and administer our Ad Services; and as we believe to be necessary or appropriate, such as to comply with legal requirements.
For
Playwire properties
, we use the personal information collected to send marketing and promotional communications; send administrative information; engage in and process transactions; post testimonials; provide interest-based advertising and engage in analytics on your activity on the Playwire Properties and other websites over time; manage accounts and provide customer support or other services; improve the content and quality of Playwire’s Properties and Ad Services; for legal purposes; and for our business purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose or Sell Personal Information
We may disclose any of the personal information we collect for our business purposes, or sell the personal information, to the following categories of third parties:
Playwire’s Publisher Clients
Media Buyers & Planners
Playwire’s other clients including advertisers, brands, agencies, and other third party advertising partners
Attribution and Analytics Partners
Playwire’s vendors, consultants, and other service providers
Website advertising parties
8. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
Use of the Playwire Sites is not intended for minors under the age of 18 (“Minors”). Minors are not authorized by Playwire to use playwire.com, even if Minors set up an Account or accept the terms of any agreement for Playwire Sites. Parents or guardians may authorize Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 to use the Playwire Sites, provided they assume all responsibility and legal liability for the conduct of such Minor including, without limitation, monitoring the Minor’s access and use of the Playwire Sites.  Note that Playwire does work with Publishers who have their own sites that are intended for Minors and have their own separate privacy policies.
Playwire does not intentionally collect nor maintain any personally identifiable information from Minors. If you discover your Minor child has submitted his/her information to Playwire, you may request to have such information deleted from Playwire’s database by sending an email request to
legal@playwire.com
together with the e-mail address that was submitted by the Minor. Upon receiving the request, Playwire shall delete such information within twenty (20) business days. If Playwire learns that a Minor is using the Playwire Sites, Playwire will require verified parental or guardian consent, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, consult this simple one-page informational guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program:
//www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
9. CHANGES TO PLAYWIRE’S PRIVACY POLICY
Playwire continually strives to implement new technologies and processes to better protect you, your privacy and your use of the Playwire Sites. As a result, changes to this Privacy Policy may be made by Playwire from time to time. If we make changes, we will post them here and update the date above. If we make material changes to this Policy, we may take additional measures to notify you and, if necessary, gain your prior consent. In no event will these changes result in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you from unauthorized disclosure, as such measures are described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT PLAYWIRE
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Playwire as follows:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way, Suite 510,
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
Email:
legal@playwire.com
Phone: (
561) 206-4621
Playwire may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.