Cast for Chromecast
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will help you understand how we uses and protects the data you provide to us when you use our Appllications. We reserve the right to change this policy at any given time, of which you will be promptly updated. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page. For any further concerns you can contact us
Our applications are free to use. There is no limitation of usage even being free. However, some of the applications have features that needs to be unlocked before using. Some of the applications might contain Ads and to enjoy Ad free experience you might need to subscribe to our subscription plan application. Some of our application might have some premium features. You will need to subscribe one of our subscription plan unlock these features.
Disclosure
Cast for Chromecast ensures compliance with the Google API Services User Data Policy, including Limited Use requirements. For details, please review the policy
here
What User Data We Collect
When you request support, we may collect the following data:
Contact information i.e email address.
Your device information i.e device type and model.
Your Operating System version i.e iOS 16.0.1
Our installed app information i.e App version.
Why We Collect Your Data
We collect your data for several reasons:
To track your issue and better understand your query.
To improve our services and products by resolving your specific device issues
To communicate latest changes with our app.
To customize our app according to your preferences.
To incorporate Users Feedback
Safeguarding and Securing the Data
As a service provider we are committed to secure your personal information and keep your data confidential. We are keen to provide our users complete protection, security, anonmity so we have done all in its power to prevent data theft, unauthorized access, and disclosure by implementing the latest technologies and software, which help us safeguard all the information we collect online.
Links to Websites
Our app may contain links that lead to other websites. If you click on these links we are not held responsible for your data and privacy protection. Visiting those websites is not governed by this privacy policy agreement. Make sure to read the privacy policy documentation of the website you go to from our app.
We will not lease, sell or distribute your personal information to any third parties, unless we have your permission. We might do so if the law forces us.
For any query please feel free to contact us at
Cast for Chromecast Support