PRIVACY STATEMENT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Allied Recycling is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We wish to be transparent on how we process your data and show you that we are accountable with the GDPR in relation to not only processing your data but ensuring you understand your rights as a client.
It is the intention of this privacy statement to explain to you the information practices of Allied Recycling in relation to the information we collect about you.
For the purposes of the GDPR the data controller is:
Allied Recycling
Contact details : Phone 046 9433366 or email gdpr@alliedrecycling.ie
When we refer to ‘we’ it is Allied Recycling
Please read this Statement carefully as this sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Who Are We?
Allied Recycling is a Trade Company of G & J O’Neill Enterprises Ltd, it is an Irish owed family business with almost 30 years of experience in the waste management sector.  With depots in Clonmellon, Co Westmeath and Naas, Co Kildare, we hold a nationwide waste collection permit and waste facility permits in Westmeath and Kildare.  We provide wheeled bin and skip hire services to both household and business customers in the Midlands and greater Dublin area.  We provide waste audits and all the resources necessary for segregation of recyclables at the point of collection for all our customers
Our Data Protection Officer / GDPR Owner and data protection representatives can be contacted directly here:
Maura Brady
gdpr@alliedrecycling.ie
046 9433366
Purpose For Processing Your Data
We collect and retain two types of information:
Non-personal data
We gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our site. This non-personal data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our site.
Personal data
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number and billing and credit card information. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us, e.g. by sending us an email, using the customer contact form or making a payment through our online portal.  This information is used for the following purposes:
To Provide you with the goods or services you have ordered
To contact you in connection to the goods or services you have ordered from us
To respond to any communication you might send us
Why Are We Processing Your Data? Our Legal Basis
In order for us to provide you with any of our services, Allied Recycling need to collect personal data for delivery and ongoing service, this may be at your private residence.
Our reason (lawful reason) for processing your data under the GDPR is:
(a) to provide you with the goods or services you have ordered,
(b) to contact you if required in connection with your communication and/or order or to respond to any communications you might send to us
We may use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our site in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our site.
In any event, Allied Recycling are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
How Will Allied Recycling Use The Personal Data It Collects About Me?
Allied Recycling will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
Who Are We Sharing Your Data With?
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to Allied Recycling in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide on our behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with Allied Recycling procedures.
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your personal data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Website Privacy Statement and provided that the third party only uses your personal data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer.
If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your explicit consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
The third parties that we pass your personal data to are:
Our CRM providers
Accountants
Your personal data is stored by Allied on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services we engage, located in the EEA. For information on how long your personal data is stored please refer to our Data Protection Privacy Policy.
We have issued all our third party processors with a Data Processor checklist asking them GDPR specific questions
If we transfer personal data to a third party or outside the EU we as the data controller will ensure the recipient (processor or another controller) has provided the appropriate safeguards and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for you the data subject are available.
Data Subject Rights:
Allied Recycling facilitate you, our clients, rights in line with our data protection policy and the subject access request procedure. This is available on request.
Your rights as a data subject
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access
: you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification
: you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten
: in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing
: where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability
: you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object
: you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling
: you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review:
in the event that Allied Recycling refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.
All of the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved as we have indicated in the processing of your personal data.
Additional Information We Are Providing You With To Ensure We Are Transparent And Fair With Our Processing
Retention of your personal data
Data will not be held for longer than is necessary for the purpose(s) for which they were obtained. Allied Recycling will process personal data in accordance with our retention schedule. This retention schedule has been governed by our internal governance.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Allied Recycling or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and Allied Recycling data protection representatives Data Protection Officer / GDPR Owner
Failure to provide further information
If we are collecting your data for a contract (e.g. wheeled bin collection service) and you cannot provide this data the consequences of this could mean the contract cannot be completed or details are incorrect.
Additional Processing
If we intend to further process your personal data for a purpose other than for which the data was collected, we will provide this information prior to processing this data.
If We Have Received Your Personal Data From Another Source
We want to share any other information required to demonstrate that the processing is fair and transparent.
If we have received your personal data from another source we will endeavour to share with you:
one month of obtaining the personal data, in accordance with the specific circumstances of the processing;
at the first instance of communicating in circumstances where the personal data is used to communicate with the data subject;
when personal data is first disclosed in circumstances where the personal data is disclosed to another recipient.
Contact Us
Your privacy is important to us. If you have any queries, questions or comments regarding this Statement, please do not hesitate to
contact us.