OUR PROMISE
At BORN, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors (yep, we mean you). The BORN team members are customers themselves, of both BORN and other internet sites – so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is. If you have any questions about how we Protect Your Privacy, drop us a line at customerservice@bornfashions.ie
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
Deliver your purchases to you:
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you (it’s a bit hard to send your order if we don’t use your name and contact details!)
Send you service messages by text, e-mail or through email:
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you (so you can tell when your order is coming).
Sending you information by email, SMS, or post, about our new products and services:
To keep you up to date. We only send this with your permission.
​
How we use your date of birth:
Fraud prevention and detection - To prevent and detect fraud against either you or BORN – unfortunate, but absolutely essential.
How we use your gender information:
To direct you to the right part of our website - To get you to the products that you want faster.
​
YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION?
Take payment, and give refunds:
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you — we’re not giving all our stuff away!
Fraud prevention and detection:
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or BORN – unfortunate, but absolutely essential.
INFORMATION FROM ACCOUNTS YOU LINK TO US
How we use information from accounts you link to us and why?
To enable you to log into our website simply and easily without having to create a specific account.
To make it easier for you to use bornclothing.com and purchase those items you want!
To provide product recommendations
So you can quickly spot things which take your fancy.
SURVEYS, COMPETITIONS AND PROMOTIONS
How we use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions and why
Run the survey, competition or promotion.
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you — if we can’t use your entry, you can’t possibly win!
You don’t have to give us any of this personal information but if you don’t, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience.  But that is your choice – and we respect that.
We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services. We also share this information with third parties.
​
Sharing your information..
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
However, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:
Companies in the BORN group, as sometimes different bits of our group are responsible for different activities (especially licensed ones)
Companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies
Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business
Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud
We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you.
Keeping your information..
We’ll only hold on to your information for as long as you are a customer. If you haven’t logged onto our website for three years we will delete your information from our systems. If you no longer wish to be a customer, you can also contact our Customer Care team and request to delete all the information we have on you. customerservive@bornfashions.ie
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our Terms & Conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
CHANGES TO HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY
We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data.
If we make significant changes, we will make that clear on the BORN website or other BORN services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use BORN.
​
HOW TO CONTACT US
We always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we’ve let you down or could do better).
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice.
Would like us to stop using your information.
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint.
Please don’t hesitate to contact our Customer Care team, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
You can contact our privacy team by dropping us an email at
customerservice@born
fashions.ie
REPORTING A SECURITY VULNERABILITY
We’re all about taking risks when it comes to our designs, just not our security. If you’ve noticed something’s up with our tech, let us know. Drop an email to
customerservice@born
fashions.ie
with your contact details, including your company name and details of the vulnerability and what we need to do to reproduce or validate it.
​