Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy & User Terms
🇬🇧
🇺🇸
🇨🇳
🇯🇵
🇪🇸
🇰🇷
🇧🇷
🇳🇱
🇫🇷
🇩🇪
🇮🇹
🇷🇺
🇹🇼
🇮🇳
We treat the privacy of our customers very seriously. The Privacy Policy and
User Terms (the "Terms") govern the use of the Eclipse Yourself application (the "app"), websites, content and related informational resources (collectively "services") provided by Tantsissa Holdings Pty Ltd ("we", "us", "our").
By using
Eclipse Yourself
you consent to the conditions of this Privacy Policy and Terms. Your continued use of
Eclipse Yourself
indicates your acceptance of this Privacy
P
olicy
and Terms.
We may update the Privacy Policy and/or Terms from time to time
. The current Privacy Policy and Terms will always be published here and can be checked at any time. Changes are effective when they are posted
on
this page.
This Privacy Policy and Terms was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
Please refer to the Privacy Policy and Terms below. If you do not consent to the Privacy Policy and Terms, you should not use the app.
Privacy Policy
Apple Health
Data
In order to analyse and present information to you,
Eclipse Yourself
relies on the ability to read your health data for heart rate, active energy
,
sleep analysis, body measures and workouts from the Apple HealthKit database on your iPhone and Apple Watch.
Data read from the Apple HealthKit database is used to perform calculations related to your heart rate, activity and sleep
. This is used
to present
this
data to you within the
app
.
In addition,
Eclipse Yourself
may also write data to the Apple HealthKit database for analysis at your specific request.
Eclipse Yourself
cannot read or write data from the Apple HealthKit database unless you specifically grant access.
The protection of any data stored on your
devices along with associated views, exports and files from
within the
Eclipse Yourself
app is your sole responsibility. Please consult your device documentation on how to manage local storage and how to apply appropriate security controls to your device for the protection of information.
Eclipse Yourself
is in no way responsible for the protection of data and information stored within the Apple HealthKit database. It is strongly recommended that you review Apple’s applicable policies and procedures before synching and backup
of
your Apple HealthKit data.
Refer
here
to the official Apple site on
managing your health data
.
Data Use
In order to meet obligations as documented under the Terms, Eclipse Yourself must access some data from participating users. This includes Apple HealthKit Information, including workout data.
Eclipse Yourself does not collect and transfer data. We allow users to store key information in their personal Apple Health app and iCloud account. We have no access to anyone's personal iCloud account nor Health data. Apart from iCloud servers owned and operated by Apple, no data is collected, transmitted or stored to any external hosted servers owned by us or third parties.
Eclipse Yourself has no in-app user analytics tracking, no advertising plugins and no third party code.
Users may choose to share the contents of the app iCloud folder with other users. This is a very specific action and done independently of the app via the Apple iCloud sharing panel. Sharing of data is available for users who subscribe to Eclipse Yourself + Share, which will only use personal iCloud storage.
Users may export data to a CSV file from within the app for their own use or for an approved shared user.
Users may apply share permissions through their profile page within the app at any time.
Users may choose to disable the app access to Apple Health data or iCloud at any time, however the app will not work without this access.
Data Storage
In order for the app to fully perform its required functions, users are required to enable the iCloud service from their personal electronic device. The app requires that there is sufficient storage on iCloud to enable the storing and uploading of data.
Eclipse Yourself cannot remove any data, as it is stored in your personal Health app and iC
loud account,
which is controlled by the
user
.
Refer
here
to the official Apple site on
managing your health data
.
Users may choose to disable the app access to Apple Health data or iCloud at any time, however the app will not work without this access.
Data Sharing
Users may choose to share the contents of the app iCloud folder with other users of your choice. This is a very specific action and done independently of the app via the Apple iCloud sharing panel. Sharing of app data and viewing of shared app data is only available for users who subscribe to Eclipse Yourself + Share
.
Only users who you specifically send a share request to will be able to see your data.
If you choose to share your data, this will include your profile data, activity data, recovery data and readiness data
. Users can elect to apply changes to their share permissions
. in their profile page.
Eclipse Yourself
does not transmit any of your data to any other service or server besides the iCloud servers.
Users are in control of their own data. Users can only share their data if they manually perform a share request from the Eclipse Yourself app.
U
sers
are responsible for their own iCloud services
share options, with the default setting the
recommended option as
set to 'Only people you invite'.
Should a user at their discretion change this share option to 'Anyone with the link', this will be a public share link which the user is responsible for.
At any time, users can see a list of names
that are
currently approved to see your Eclipse Yourself data.
At any time, users can r
emove
any
individual who you have previously approved for data sharing. Note that this will stop any future data transfer from this point onwards, all data previously sent will remain for a maximum of 6 months
, as this is the maximum period of data stored in Eclipse Yourself.
Tantsissa Holdings Pty Ltd
is in no way responsible for the use of data sharing from the app between users, posting to websites
where you have chosen to share it
or with other third parties. In particular, you assume all responsibility for the information you disclose, including the ability to
share
data, reproduce that data, export the data
, posting
the data or provid
ing
data
to third parties.
Any data that you choose to share, post, disclose, export, or use your information on a third-party application or website
is subject to their terms and policies. We are not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties and how they use the data.
We encourage caution and discretion in who you share data with.
Users may choose to disable the app access to Apple Health data or iCloud at any time, however the app will not work without this access.
Support Data
Eclipse Yourself may collect technical information about your device including log files and diagnostics when you require support assistance. All technical information is attached to an email and can be seen by the user requesting the support.
Users may choose to
remove any information from a support request
, however
this will impact our ability to provide support.
User Terms
In accessing Eclipse Yourself, you agree to comply with the User Terms and Privacy Policy.
Your access to and use of the app is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all users and others who access or use the app and services. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use the app.
Disclaimer
Eclipse Yourself is not a medical app and is not intended to be used as such. Eclipse Yourself should not be used to diagnose, treat or prevent any medical condition. Always seek the advice of qualified medical staff if in doubt.
We make no guarantees as to the suitability of this app for the user, or for any of its functionality or price. We reserve the right to change this app or to stop offering it. Tantsissa Holdings Pty Ltd will not be held responsible if this app is discontinued, changed, or otherwise made unusable and data is damaged or lost as a result. Tantsissa Holdings Pty Ltd are not liable for any errors in any content.
App Store
The app is only available through the Apple App Store.
iCloud
Users acknowledge and agree that in order for the app to fully function, users will be required to, on each of their relevant electronic devices:
agree, accept and adhere to the
Apple iCloud Legal Agreement
create or register with Apple an
Apple Account ID
enable the iCloud service including iCloud Drive
ensure that there is sufficient storage on iCloud to enable the storing and uploading of data
Subscriptions
When you subscribe to Eclipse Yourself, you authorise, manage, and pay for the subscription through the Apple App Store. We do not see or collect your personal information. All transactions are handled by the Apple App Store.
The app is billed on a subscription basis. You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis. The frequency is set to either a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a subscription.
A valid payment method is required through the Apple App Store to process the payment for your subscription.
You agree to pay the subscription fees, whether on a one month or annual subscription basis. We reserve the right to increase subscription fees or to offer new subscription period terms at any time.
Auto-Renewal
At the end of your nominated billing cycle, your subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term and you will be charged through your Apple App Store account, unless you cancelled at least 24 hours before the term expiry date.
You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your App Store account settings, but refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term.
Free Trial
Your subscription may start with a free trial for a limited period of time. Free trials may not be combined with certain other offers, as specified at the time.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when you purchase a subscription.
At any time and without notice, we reserve the right to modify or cancel the Free Trial offer.
Cancellation
You may at any time cancel your subscription, in which case your subscription will still be valid for the time you have already paid for, including the free trial period. You can only cancel your subscription through the Apple App Store. We have no access or visibility to users Apple ID Account information. Only users can cancel their own subscription.
To manage your subscriptions, tap into the Settings app on your iPhone, tap into your Apple ID Account and you will see a subscriptions menu option with details on each subscription.
Once cancelled and the subscription time has passed, you will not be able to access the app. You may renew your
subscription at any time to access the app again.
Here is the official
Apple Support link on cancelling a subscription
.
Refunds
All payments and refunds are handled by Apple and can only be refunded by Apple and with Apple’s consent. Once you purchase through the Apple App Store, the sale is final and ongoing payment matters are handled by Apple. We will not be able to provide a refund as we have no access or visibility to users Apple ID Account information or payment history.
Only users can
apply directly to Apple
for a refund, we cannot do this on your behalf.
Here is the official
Apple Support link on requesting a refund.
Intellectual Property
All rights in Eclipse Yourself and any services, including but not limited to any trademarks, text, images, animations, alterations, modifications, trade names, existing or future copyrighted content, and other proprietary rights presented within the app and services are the property of Tantsissa Holdings Pty Ltd.
Users agree not to use Intellectual Property for any other purposes except for your use of the app, unless required otherwise by applicable mandatory law.
Last Updated: 15 July 2023
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it