Privacy Policy
We take great care to protect your privacy and data. More importantly, we want you to know that we will not use your data without your consent. That's why we developed this privacy policy: letting you know exactly how we plan to use your data.
1.WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to our applications. For your convenience, we refer to these content as
“
applications
”
in this Privacy Policy.
2.INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information you gave us
We may collect or use your personal information when you access, download or upgrade our application. In order to optimize our services and expand your experience, we may collect your personal information. However, we will not disclose your personal information.
Information we receive from others
Authorization information. We need some information, depending on the application settings. We may need to open cameras, photo albums, etc. on your phone, all of which require your authorization.
Personal information, when your app is designed to track your information, store your records.
Information collected when using our services.
Some information about your device and user behavior may be handled automatically when you use the app. This information is usually non-personal and we can only access it in aggregate form. We process this information based on the legitimate benefits of improving the application and providing the best experience for our users. Otherwise, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services and features of the application.
3.HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We hope that any information you collect can be used in one of the following ways:
Personalize your app based on the information you provide to better meet your needs;
We will continue to work hard to further improve our products based on the information and feedback received;
Your information helps us respond more effectively to your customer service requests and support needs;
We will not sell, exchange, transfer or provide your information to any other company or individual for any reason (public or private) without your consent, unless required by law.
4.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent or sell your personal information to anyone. We only share your personal information as described below.
App Partner: We may share your personal information with applicable app partners.
Agency: We may hire other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide you with products or services. Unless we tell you in a different way, our agents do not have access to the personal information we share with them, beyond the information we need to assist us. You hereby consent to the sharing of personal information for the above purposes.
When we sincerely believe that we must release to comply with the law, we may post personal information; enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of our employees, users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to prevent fraud and reduce credit risk.
With your consent: we will not share your information unless you agree.
5.YOUR RIGHTS
If this application to collect user information, the user has the right, at any time, to know their personal data is stored and you can refer to the data controller to understand its content and the source, to verify the accuracy or supplement, cancel, update or correction, or convert anonymous format for them or stop any data in violation of the law, and oppose any justification for their treatment.
6.HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We take precautions - including administrative, technical and physical measures - to protect your personal information from loss, theft and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Implement our Terms of Use, including investigation of any possible violations;
Protect the security, integrity, rights or security of our users, our applications or devices or any third party;
Detect, prevent or otherwise resolve fraud, security or technical issues associated with our application or our business affiliates.
7.HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We can keep the information collected automatically and store it in summary. If you have any questions about how to store and store these data, please contact us  and we will reply to you within a reasonable time.
8.PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may occasionally update our privacy policy, which will not affect your use. Please check it in time after receiving the notification.
9. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you are not clear or satisfied with our privacy policy, please contact us
at supportgroup@digitallifetech.net.