The Anode Group Ltd. Mobile
Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 5, 2024
This
Privacy Policy ("Mobile Privacy Policy") is for Mobile Apps (the
"Application") operated by the Company (The Anode Group Ltd., ("us",
"we", or "our").
By using this application,
or any services, sites, products,
features
or
functionality associated therewith (collectively referred to as the “Application”),
you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy in addition to other The Anode
Group Ltd. privacy policies or terms of use made available to you in relation to
the Application or any web-based version of the Application. Some features of
the Application may require you to be a registered member or provide personal
information.
This Mobile Privacy Policy describes how the
Application collects, uses,
shares
and manages your
information.
I.
Data Collection and Use.
We may collect and store some or all of the
following information you make available to us:
Information you provide when you contact us for help or
support
In addition, the Application may collect and store
additional information automatically, such as:
Device registration data (e.g., the type of mobile device you use,
     your mobile device’s unique device or advertising ID, IP address,
operating system
and browser type)
Device settings (e.g., language preference)
Mobile carrier
Information about how you use the Application (for example, how
     many times you use the Application each day)
Requested and referring
URLs
Location data collected through your device (including, for
     example, precise location data such as GPS and
WiFi
information)
We and our service providers may use this
information to operate and improve the Application, our other sites,
applications,
products
and services, or to contact you
from time to time to provide you with important information, notices and
marketing promotions. The Application may allow third parties to collect any of
the information described above in order to provide parts of our services as
well as to provide analytical data about your use of the Application back to
us.
Advertising.
The
Application is supported via
advertising, and
collects
data to help the Application serve and display ads. We may work with analytics
companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the
frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third-party
advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with the Application
and your device, which helps us keep the cost of the Application low or free.
Advertisers and advertising networks may access and use the information made
available by you or collected by the Application, including the unique device
or advertising identifier associated with your device and your precise location
information, in order to help
analyze
and serve
targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere (including third-party
sites and applications). We encourage you to review your device and Application
settings to ensure they are consistent with your preferences, including with
respect to the collection and use of such information. We may also share
encrypted versions of information we have collected in order to enable our
partners to append other available information about you for analysis or
advertising-related use (on or off the Application, including third-party sites
and applications). You may be able to stop further collection of certain
information by the Application by updating your applicable device or
Application settings, or you may uninstall the Application.
Third party and social services.
The Application may utilize social networking or “share functionality”
or may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by The
Anode Group Ltd. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, any
share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
third-party site. You are subject to the policies of those third-parties when
and where applicable. By using the Application, you expressly relieve The Anode
Group Ltd. from any and all liability arising from your use of any share
functionality or third-party site accessed from the Application.
Children.
We
do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13
through our Application. If you are under 13, please do not give us any
personal information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor
their children’s App and Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy
and Terms by instructing their children to never provide personal information
through our Application without their permission. If you have reason to
believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to
us, without your consent, please contact us at support@anode.com.au
II.
Sharing Information.
We may share the information you provide or that we collect:
with advertisers, third-party advertising networks and analytics
     companies as described
above;
to improve your experience with our Application, products and
services;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to
     protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
     investigate fraud or other security issues, or respond to a government
     request, a subpoena or similar legal
process;
with our service providers who work on our behalf, and do not have
     an independent right to use the information we disclose to them; for
     example, they may handle credit card processing, data management, feature
     administration, email distribution, market research, information analysis,
     and promotions management; and
if we or the Application is involved in a merger, acquisition, or
     sale of all or a portion of applicable stock or assets.
III.
Managing Your Information.
We retain information for as long as required, allowed or we believe it
useful, but do not undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of
information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that
specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep
your own separate back-up records. Please note that some or all of the data you
provided may be required in order for the Application to function properly or
may be retained in backup storage. If you reside outside the U.S. or Australia,
your information will be transferred to the U.S. or
Australia,
and
processed and stored there under local privacy standards. By using
the Application, you consent to such transfer to, and processing. We are
concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We
provide industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to
protect information we process and maintain. For example, we take reasonable
measures to limit access to this information to authorized employees and
contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve
our Application. Please be aware that, although we
endeavor
to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no
security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
IV.
Face Data.
We do not retain any face data generated by use of our Application. Any such data remains within your device for your personal use. Any face data collected is used within your device and not retained by us, and is not shared with any third parties.
V.
Updates and Contact.
This Mobile Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any
reason. We will notify you of any changes to this Mobile Privacy Policy by
posting the new version in or via the Application. Please consult this Mobile
Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. For questions about this Mobile
Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@anode.com.au We will do our best
to respond to you in a timely and professional manner to answer your questions
and resolve your concerns. In the unfortunate and unlikely event that we are
unable to resolve your concerns, please contact the BBB Online at
https://www.bbb.org/dispute-handling-and-resolution
and follow their guidelines for initiating their dispute resolution process.