Rocket Restaurants Limited/Eddie Rockets (Ireland) Limited Collection and Use of Personal Information
In order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy, we have created this Privacy Statement and Cookies Policy (“we”, “us” or “our” means Rocket Restaurants Limited and and other entities within our group of companies including Eddie Rockets (Ireland) Limited and Rockets Franchising DAC).  This statement applies to anyone who visits our websites. It explains how we may collect information from you when you visit our website and how we use that information. When you visit our websites, we may use cookies to help us deliver useful functionality, improve our website and provide you with relevant advertising.
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy and any personal information that you provide will be treated in confidence applying suitable security measures in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003 (“DPA”) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”)
We may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or for the privacy policies and practices of other third parties.
Types of Information We Collect:
Personal Information is
information that is associated with your name or personal identity. We use personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your relationship with us and we will only process it where it is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights.
On our websites, you can order products, request information, subscribe to marketing, register yourself, make a franchise enquiry or apply for a job. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, postal address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, event attendance, usage data and contact preferences. If you are making a franchise enquiry, we may also collect financial data and information relating to your business and educational background.
Non-Personal Data
- Like most websites, we may gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our websites. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our websites.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. They are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help the website to function properly, make it more secure, provide better user experience, understand how the website performs and analyse what works and where it needs improvement. For more information on the types of cookies we use, how we use them, how to change your cookies preferences or withdraw your consent please see our cookies policy.
How We Use your Information?
We use your personal information to provide you with products or services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you or to provide customer support, for market research regarding our products or to perform data analytics including customer research and trend analysis.  Where you have indicated your consent to being contacted, we may use your personal information to update you on our products, promotions or special offers, in such cases we will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications in the future by following these methods;
Select the e-mail "opt-out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication
Return to the web page(s) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions
Who We Share your Information With?
We do not and will not sell any of your personal information that you have provided to us. We do however share your data with a number of key partners who we work with in order to provide our various services to you as follows;
Third party service providers that we engage to provide IT systems and software, such as our loyalty program or reservation service.
Our Websites and Apps are operated in conjunction with
Vita Mojo International LTD (“Co-Operator”) a private limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 09852472 and have our registered office at FAO FKGB, 201 Haverstock Hill, Belsize Park, London, England, NW3 4QG (“Vita Mojo”). Vita Mojo are our joint data controller in respect of your data which is collected and processed for the purposes of providing our products and services and in accordance with both our Privacy Policy and
Vita Mojo’s Privacy Policy
.
Our Rockets Rewards Loyalty Scheme is operated in conjunction with Como Al Malta Ltd (“Como”) and Como are the data processer for the purposes of providing the service. Como collect and process your data in accordance with both our Privacy Policy and
Como’s Privacy Policy
.
Third-party payment processing services to process your payment to us. We do not store your credit/debit card information.
Third party service providers that we engage to process and/or deliver your orders and assist with our customer service.
Third party service providers whose platforms we use to send emails and to provide marketing and advertising services.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website.
Where we contract with third-party service providers in respect of our products and services such suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received from us and may not use this information for any other purpose. These service providers may change, or we may contract with additional service providers to better accommodate our customers. We will not share personal information with any other third parties without your permission, unless required by government bodies, law enforcement agents or other legal or regulatory requests.
If your personal information is transferred across state and country borders, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the DPA and GDPR.
Access To and Accuracy of your Information
We strive to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information and the opportunity to change your information.  Please contact Data Protection Co-Ordinator, Rockets Restaurants Ltd, 7 South Anne Street, Dublin 2. for more information.
Keeping your Information Secure
We are committed to protecting the information you provide. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, we have in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
Privacy Policy Changes
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we wish to use your personal information in a manner significantly different from that stated in this website Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by e-mail, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
If you have any questions regarding the above Privacy Policy statement, please contact;
Data Protection Co-Ordinator, Rockets Restaurants Ltd, 7 South Anne Street, Dublin 2.
Policy last updated June 2023
© 2023 Rocket Restaurants
www.eddierockets.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.rocket-restaurants.com/s/Vita-Mojo-Privacy-Policy19623.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.rocket-restaurants.com/s/COMOPrivacy19623.pdf:
