R. T. RUSSELL
Terms & Conditions
Making a Purchase
Several of our
products
are entirely free or are
shareware
;
these may be downloaded directly from our website.  For those products where a payment is due please
send a cheque made payable to R.T.Russell, enclosing your name and address and details of the
product ordered.  Quoted prices are inclusive of delivery in the UK.  If ordering from outside the UK, or if you
wish to pay in a currency other than Pounds Sterling, please
contact
us
for delivery charges and alternative methods of payment (we can accept payment by Direct Bank Transfer,
by
Western Union Money Transfer
, by
MoneyGram
or by
PayPal
).
Schools and Colleges
We are happy to receive official orders from UK schools and colleges.  We will send an invoice with the
goods; payment terms are 30 days from date of invoice.  In the case of software products (e.g.
BBC BASIC for Windows
) multi-user site licences are available;
enquire for details, stating the number of simultaneous users required.
Shipping and Handling
All our products are shipped by First Class Royal Mail.  We aim to dispatch your order within 48 hours of receipt,
but in exceptional circumstances it may take up to 14 days.  If an item is out of stock we will inform you by email;
you will always have the option to cancel your order if you prefer not to wait.  If you order a software product online
we will normally send it as an email attachment or provide download instructions.
Returns Policy
Should an item arrive damaged please return it to us (we will reimburse the cost of the return shipping).
We will either replace it immediately or refund your money.  If for any reason you are not completely
happy with your purchase, you may (within fourteen days of receipt, and at your own expense) return the
goods to us in perfect condition, complete with all original packaging and any documentation supplied,
for a full refund.  Your statutory rights are not affected.
Customer Support and Service
If you need to get in touch, please use one of the methods listed on our
contact us
page.  We often check and respond to emails out of office hours, and there is a telephone
answering machine for when the office is unmanned.  Calls are charged at normal rates.
Privacy Policy
No personal data is collected other than name, address and (optionally) email.  We will not under
any circumstances make your details available to a third party.  If you wish to check what details we
hold about you, or request that they be changed or deleted, simply
contact us
.
Very occasionally we may inform you
by email of new products and upgrades, but you may of course choose not to receive such information
(let us know when placing your order, or simply don't tell us your email address!).
All information is
collected in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018.  We do not send random
marketing emails ('spam').  This site does not use 'cookies', with the exception of the
forum
and
wiki
which have their own privacy policies.
Complaints
If you are in any way dissatisfied with products or services received from us please
contact
us immediately.  Any complaints will be dealt with
fairly and properly, and we will endeavour to respond within 48 hours.
If a complaint
remains unresolved, or you are unhappy with the way we have dealt with it,
you may contact
SafeBuy
who can provide
a mediation service.
Home
-
Products
-
Contact us
©
Richard Russell
2014