TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The provisions of these terms and conditions of use (the "Terms") govern the relationship between you and Fitness Labs regarding your use of the Company’s mobile applications, websites, and related services (the “App” or "Service"), including all information, text, graphics, software, and services, available for your use (the “Content”).
These Terms establish a legally binding contractual relationship between you and the Company. For this reason, PLEASE READ THE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.
The terms of the Privacy Policy and other supplemental terms, policies, or documents that may be posted on the Service from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms at any time and for any reason.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THESE TERMS, OR IF YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE OR AUTHORIZED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE APP OR OTHERWISE ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.
SERVICE
You acknowledge that all the text, images, marks, logos, compilations (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly of information), data, other content, software and materials displayed on the Service or used by the Company to operate the Service (including the App and the Content and excluding any User Content (as defined below)) is proprietary to us or to third parties.
You agree, and represent and warrant, that your use of the Service, or any portion thereof, will be consistent with the foregoing license, covenants and restrictions and will neither infringe nor violate the rights of any other party or breach any contract or legal duty to any other parties. In addition, you agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the Service or your use of it, and you will be solely responsible for your own individual violations of any such laws.
You are solely responsible for obtaining the equipment and telecommunication services necessary to access the Service, and all fees associated therewith (such as computing devices and Internet service provider and airtime charges).
We retain the right to implement any changes to the Service (whether to free or paid features) at any time, with or without notice. You acknowledge that a variety of Company's actions may impair or prevent you from accessing the Service at certain times and/or in the same way, for limited periods or permanently, and agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability as a result of any such actions or results, including, without limitation, for the deletion of, or failure to make available to you, any content or services.
Your access to and use of the Service is at your own risk. The Company will have no responsibility for any harm to your computing system, loss of data, or other harm to you or any third party, including, without limitation, any bodily harm, that results from your access to or use of the Service, or reliance on any information or advice.
The Company has no obligation to provide you with customer support of any kind. However, the Company may provide you with customer support from time to time, at the Company's sole discretion.
APP STORES, THIRD PARTY ADS, OTHER USERS
You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the App is dependent on the third party from which you received the App, e.g., the Apple App Store, and/or other app stores (collectively, "App Stores" and each, an "App Store").
You agree to pay all fees charged by the App Stores in connection with the App. You agree to comply with, and your license to use the App is conditioned upon Your compliance with, all applicable agreements, terms of use/service, and other policies of the App Stores. You acknowledge that the App Stores (and their subsidiaries) are a third party beneficiary of these Terms and will have the right to enforce these Terms.
Each user of the Service is solely responsible for any and all his or her User Content. Because we do not control the User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content and we make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content, and we assume no responsibility for any User Content. Your interactions with other Service users are solely between you and such user. You agree that the Company will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Service user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
You hereby release us, our officers, employees, agents and successors from claims, demands any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or indirectly related to or arises from any interactions with or conduct of any App Store, any other Service users, or any Third Party Ads.
SUBSCRIPTION FEES AND PAYMENT
Certain features of the Service may be offered on a subscription basis for a fee. You may purchase a subscription directly from the Company or through an App Store either by (1) paying a subscription fee in advance on a recurring interval disclosed to you prior to your purchase; or (2) pre-payment giving you access to the Service for a specific time period (together or separately “Purchase”).
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, we may change Purchase fees at any time. We will give you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the App and/or by sending you an e-mail notification, or in other prominent way. If you do not wish to pay the new fees, you can cancel the applicable subscription prior to the change going into effect or/and abstain from pre-paying for access to the Service.
You authorize us and the App Stores to charge the applicable fees to the payment card that you submit.
By signing up for certain subscriptions, you agree that your subscription may be automatically renewed. Unless you cancel your subscription you authorize us and the App Stores to charge you for the renewal term. The period of auto-renewal will be the same as your initial subscription period unless otherwise disclosed to you on the Service. The renewal rate will be no more than the rate for the immediately prior subscription period, excluding any promotional and discount pricing, unless we notify you of a rate change prior to your auto-renewal. You must cancel your subscription in accordance with the cancellation procedures disclosed to you for the particular subscription. We will not refund fees that may have accrued to your account and will not prorate fees for a cancelled subscription.
We may offer a trial subscription for the Service. Trial provides you access to the Service for a period of time, with details specified when you sign up for the offer. Unless you cancel before the end of the free trial, or unless otherwise stated, your access to the Service will automatically continue and you will be billed the applicable fees for the Service. It is ultimately your responsibility to know when the free trial will end. We reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to modify or terminate any free trial offer, your access to the Service during the free trial, or any of these terms without notice and with no liability. We reserve the right to limit your ability to take advantage of multiple free trials.
The Service and your rights to use it expire at the end of the paid period of your subscription. If you do not pay the fees or charges due, we may make reasonable efforts to notify you and resolve the issue; however, we reserve the right to disable or terminate your access to the Service (and may do so without notice).
Subscriptions purchased via an App Store are subject to such App Store's refund policies. This means we cannot grant refunds. You will have to contact an App Store support.
You agree that the Purchase is final, that Company will not refund any transaction once it has been made and that the Purchase cannot be canceled. When you make the Purchase, you acknowledge and agree that all Purchases are non-refundable or exchangeable. Since the Service is of a digital nature, we cannot accept any request for refunds and therefore your right of withdrawal is lost at this point. The Company may provide refunds at its own discretion and subject to our policies that may be published from time to time.
We may post clear and conspicuous subscription terms from time to time on our websites and within the Apps.
USER REPRESENTATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that:
you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms;
you are not under the age of 16;
you will not access the Service through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise;
you will not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose;
you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a "terrorist supporting" country;
you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties; and
your use of the Service will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).
You may not access or use the Service for any purpose other than that for which we make the Service available. The Service may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.
As a user of the Service, you agree not to:
systematically retrieve data or other content from the Service to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us;
make any unauthorized use of the Service;
make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation, or derivative work from the Service;
use the Service for any revenue generating endeavor, commercial enterprise, or other purpose for which it is not designed or intended;
make the Service available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple devices or users at the same time;
use the Service for creating a product, service, or software that is, directly or indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for the Service;
use any proprietary information or any of our interfaces or our other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing, or distribution of any applications, accessories, or devices for use with the Service;
circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Service;
engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Service;
interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Service or the networks or services connected to the Service;
decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Service;
attempt to bypass any measures of the Service designed to prevent or restrict access to the Service, or any portion of the Service;
upload or distribute in any way files that contain viruses, worms, trojans, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer;
use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Service, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software;
use the Service to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial e-mail;
disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Service;
use the Service in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations; or
otherwise infringe these Terms.
ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
a. Basic Disclaimers of Warranties
Except where otherwise inapplicable or prohibited by law to the fullest extent permitted by law, you expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk, and the Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
The Company or its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners, and licensors expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement as well as any and all warranties as to products or services offered by businesses listed on the service. The released parties make no, and expressly disclaim any warranty that:
(i) the Service will meet your requirements,
(ii) the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free,
(iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service, including data, will be accurate or reliable,
(iv) the quality of any data or service available on the Service will meet your expectations, and
(v) any errors in the service will be corrected.
Any material obtained through the use of the Service is accessed at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss of data that results from the use of any such material.
We cannot guarantee and do no promise any specific results from use of the App and/or the Service. You agree also to take the risks of interruption of the Service for any technical reasons.
c. Change of Website Information and Service
We may change all the information provided on the Service at our sole discretion without notice.
We may at any time modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) at our sole discretion with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE (AND OUR AFFILIATES) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE (INCLUDING THE APP OR CONTENT), OR THIRD PARTY ADS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICE (INCLUDING THE APP, CONTENT AND USER CONTENT), AND THIRD PARTY ADS ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTING SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, YOU AGREE THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE APP, CONTENT OR SERVICE IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO THE COMPANY FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE TERMS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND YOU.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its successors, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, its suppliers, licensors and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them harmless, including costs and attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) your use of the Service, (ii) your User Content, or (ii) your violation of these Terms.
The Company reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of the Company. The Company will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
INTERNATIONAL USE
The Company makes no representation that the Service is accessible, appropriate or legally available for use in your jurisdiction, and accessing and using the Service is prohibited from territories where doing so would be illegal. You access the Service at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws
Additional Terms for App Marketplaces
When you access, purchase or download the App from the Apple App Store, you acknowledge and agree that:
These Terms are concluded between you and our app, and not with Apple Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “
Apple
”), and as between our app and Apple, our app is solely responsible for the App and the content thereof.
You may only use the App on an Apple-branded product that you own or control and as permitted by the
Usage Rules
set forth in the terms and guidelines that govern your use of the Apple App Store (including the
Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions
), except that the App may be accessed and used by other accounts associated with your account from which you made your purchase via Family Sharing or volume purchasing.
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the App to you where applicable. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of our app.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, without limitation: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
In the event of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Apple and our app, our app will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the App or any component or product thereof except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the App was obtained. You also agree that you will not use the App or any component or product thereof for any purposes prohibited by such laws. In particular, but without limitation, the App may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using the App, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list.
You must comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the App.
Apple is a third-party beneficiary of these Terms, and Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
If you want to send any notice under these Terms or have any questions regarding the Service, you may contact us at:
support@braincake.net
I HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.
Last Updated: 10 October 2021