Privacy Policy
Foxpoi built the Earth Maps app as
    [open source/free/freemium/ad-supported/commercial] app. This SERVICE is provided by
    Foxpoi at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our
    policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
    Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to
    the collection and use of information in relation to this
    policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
    used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with
    anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
    as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
    Earth Maps unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we
    may require you to provide us with certain personally
    identifiable information. The information that
    we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect
    information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
        by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
    use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
    we collect data and information (through third party
    products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
    include information such as your device Internet Protocol
    (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
    configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
    the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
    statistics.
User Account Management
1、information collected
We may collect the following information related to your account:
Account information: including your name and other relevant information.
Device information: including the device type, operating system version, device identifier and other relevant information you use to log in to your account.
Login information: including the time, date and other relevant information when you log in to your Google account.

If you choose to use your account with another service (such as a Google or Apple account) to authenticate to our services, we may receive information from the other service, such as your account name picture. You can stop sharing information with us from other services by revoking our access to the other services.
2、Use of information collected
We may use the collected information to create your account name and avatar,provide, maintain and improve our services, e.g. personal information management, etc.We do not share data with other third parties.
3、Account cancellation method
Our application allows you to log out of your account so that you can no longer use our services. You can see part of your data by logging in to your account.If you want to delete all your personal data, please send an e-mail to luo85728@gmail.com , we will act upon your request within 30 to 90 workdays.
    You can upgrade your personal account and use a premium service of Earth Maps. You can find the corresponding logout option in the app, or contact our customer support team.
Once you log out of your account, we will stop collecting your personal information and stop using your information. We will permanently and irreversibly delete your personal data from our systems, including backup data. Once deleted, your data (including your account) cannot be recovered. After deleting your account, it may take up to 90 days for your personal information and system logs to be deleted from our system. We may continue to retain your information after you have canceled your account so that we can answer your questions or resolve your concerns, unless we are required to retain your information by law or under a contractual obligation. If we are unable to delete your information, we will tell you why we are unable to do so and inform you of any relevant legal or contractual obligations.
After you cancel your account, we will stop sharing your information with third parties, unless we need to share your information according to legal or contractual obligations. We may continue to share your information with developers in the Google Play store after you log out of your account so that they can provide you with better services and support.
4、information protection
We are committed to taking appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. If you find that your personal information has been leaked or stolen, please contact our customer support team immediately.
Earth Maps does not sell your personal data.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
    commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
    to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
    stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
    the app may use third party code and libraries that use
    “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
    You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
    and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
    choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
    portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and
    individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service
    that these third parties have access to your Personal
    Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
    them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
    disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your
    Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
    acceptable means of protecting it.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
    a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
    that these external sites are not operated by us.
    Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
    Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
    no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
    privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
    services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
    We do not knowingly collect personally
    identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
    we discover that a child under 13 has provided
    us with personal information, we immediately
    delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
    and you are aware that your child has provided us with
    personal information, please contact us so that
    we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will
    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
    this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-05-15
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
    Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at luo85728@gmail.com.