Privacy Policy
Log Data
We do not store or collect user data. We do not log user data. Third-party analytics services may collect data, but we are not responsible for their performance. We use such services as:
Google admob https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Appsflyer https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Amplitude https://amplitude.com/privacy
You can view their data usage policies on their websites.
Collection and Usage of Information
To enhance your user experience when using our service, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you, such as your name and email address. However, providing this information is not mandatory. Any information you do provide will be securely stored and used in accordance with this privacy policy.
S.A.G 3A LTD Development created the S.A.G 3A LTD app as a cost-free solution. The app is offered by S.A.G 3A LTD Development and is designed to be used in its current state.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of
                Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
The purpose of this page is to provide information to users about our policies on the collection, utilization, and sharing of personal data in the event that they choose to use our service.
The definitions and interpretations in this Privacy Policy are consistent with those in our Terms and Conditions, which can be viewed on the S.A.G 3A LTD website, unless otherwise specified in this policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small files containing a limited amount of data that are often utilized as anonymous, unique identifiers. These files are transferred to your browser from websites you visit and are saved on your device's internal memory.
Our service does not employ the use of cookies. However, third-party code and libraries integrated into the app may use cookies to compile information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or decline these cookies and can choose to be notified when a cookie is being sent to your device. Refusing our cookies may result in some portions of the service being unavailable to you.
Service Providers
We may utilize third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To assist us in delivering our service;
To provide the service on our behalf;
To provide services related to the service; or
To help us analyze how our service is being used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal
                Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are
                obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We appreciate the trust you place in us by providing us with your personal information, and we are committed to utilizing commercially acceptable methods to safeguard it. However, it is important to note that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing it electronically is completely secure and reliable, and we are unable to guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This service may include hyperlinks to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be redirected to that website. Please be aware that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our service is not intended for individuals under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take appropriate action.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may be updated periodically, and we encourage you to review this page regularly for any changes. We will inform you of any modifications by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
info@sagrantapp.com.