Boost downloads and
increase revenue.
Analyze and optimize your app's performance
on the App Store to unlock its true potential.
Available soon
Get Early Access
Last updated on December 5
th
, 2022.
By using our (“ASO Suite”) products and/or related services (“Product”), you are agreeing to these terms of use (“Terms”). If you are using the Product on behalf of an organisation or entity (“Organisation”), then you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of the Organisation. In that case, “you” and “your” may refer to the Organisation. Please read these Terms carefully before start using our Product.
Change of Terms
From time to time, ASO Suite may modify existing Terms and/or update these Terms with additional Terms that apply to the Product. For example, ASO Suite may modify existing Terms to reflect any mandatory changes to the law. You should check the Terms regularly to keep informed. ASO Suite will also post notice of modification to these Terms on this page and via the email address you potentially registered with us. Note, changes will become effective immediately after they are posted on our website. You should discontinue your use of our Product if you do not agree with updated/modified Terms.
Privacy Policy
ASO Suite's privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when using our Product. By using our Product, you automatically agree to our Privacy Policy and ASO Suite can use such data in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
Content
Our Product allows you to provide content, including but not limited to information, text or other material (“Content”). You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that Content. Content might be automatically uploaded to our server systems, taking in account our Privacy Policy. We reserve our right at all times, but are not obligated, to remove or refuse to distribute any Content through the Product or our server systems including your Content.
Software
Our Product may update automatically on your device once a new version or features become available to you. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Product, nor may you reverse engineer, explicitely use our APIs, or attempt to extract the source code of the software, unless local laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
Product modification & termination
ASO Suite may add or remove functionalities or features in the normal course of improving, changing, and/or updating the Product. We may also suspend or stop our Product with at least thirty (30) days notice prior to the complete shutdown of our Product.
You can choose to stop using our Product at will. We may also stop providing Product to you, or add or create new limitations to our Product at any time as detailed in the Terms.
Using our Product
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Product. You may only use our Product as permitted by law. ASO Suite may investigate and/or suspend or terminate our Product to you at any time if we find your use of our Product violates the Terms and/or any policies, including but not limited to, our Privacy Policy
Using our Product does not grant you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Product or the content you may have access to. You may not use any copyrighted content in our Product unless you obtain permission from the content owner and/or are otherwise permitted by law. The Terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Product. Our Product may display some logos, trademarks, or branding materials that is not the property of ASO Suite. These types of content are the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available.
License
Our Product and related Content can be used and accessed for free, however limitations might apply. ASO Suite may introduce paid plans, potentially removing the ability to use Product for free.
Limited liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, our Product is available “as is”. You expressly understand and agree that:
When permitted by law, ASO Suite and its product partners, licensors, employees, agents will not be responsible for any lost profits, revenues, or data, financial losses or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages under any circumstances.
Your use and/or purchase of the Product are all at your sole risk. The product is provided on an “as is” basis.
ASO Suite does not warrant that the Product will:
Meet all of your requirements at all times.
Be error-free and all errors in the Product will be corrected.
Be uninterrupted.
All content provided and/or otherwise obtained through the use of the Product is done at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer equipment, or any data loss resulting from downloading or using any of the above mentioned material.
Last updated on December 5
th
, 2022.
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use our Product and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Data
While using our Product, we may collect data that can be used to contact or identify you. This data may include, but is not limited to:
Personal data, such as your name and email address.
Usage data, either automatically obtained or whatever you provide while using our Product.
Use of your data
We may use data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Product, including to monitor the usage of our Product.
To manage your registration as a user of the Product.
To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which data held by us about our Product users is among the assets transferred.
We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Pervice, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share your data in the following situations:
We may share your data with service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Product, for payment processing, to contact you.
We may share or transfer your data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
We may share your information with Oour business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
When you share information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
We may disclose your data for any other purpose with your consent.
Retention of your data
We will retain your data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain your data for internal analysis purposes. This data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Product, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of your data
Your data is processed at the our operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data.
Disclosure of your data
Business transactions
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
We may disclose your data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation.
Protect and defend our rights or property
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Product.
Protect the personal safety of users of the Product or the public.
Protect against legal liability.
Security of your data
he security of your data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed information on the processing of your data
The service providers we use may have access to your data. These third party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about your activity while using our Product in accordance with their orivacy policies.
Analytics
We may use third party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Product, incuding:
Plausible
Email marketing
We may use third party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Product, incuding:
MailerLite
Children's privacy
Our Product does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
                        If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent's consent before we collect and use that information.
Link to other websites
Our Product may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on such a link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Product, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.