Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Terms and Condition
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Terms and Conditions
1. License and restrictions.
Subject to these Terms, Funmaker grants you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not: (a) modify, translate, reverse-engineer, reverse-compile or decompile, disassemble, create derivative works of, or use data gathering or extraction tools in connection with the Services; (b) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit the Services, in whole or in part, for any purpose without Funmaker 's express written consent; (c) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without the express written consent of the respective owner; (d) use any data mining tools or automation tools such as spiders, crawlers, scripts, bots, or any automated method of recording information; (e) use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Funmaker ," its affiliates, partners or artists without Funmaker 's express written permission; or (f) engage in any conduct in connection with the Services that may be considered illegal or tortious including, without limitation, "hacking" the Services, or infringing the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of Funmaker or third-parties.
Additionally, where the Services are a downloadable game and/or application ("App"), Funmaker grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to use the App for your personal, non-commercial use on authorized devices, unless otherwise specified. The App may not be copied, resold, or sublicensed. These Terms apply to all versions and updates to the App, including, without limitation, free and paid versions.
The App may include measures to control access to the App (including age controls), prevent unauthorized copies, or otherwise attempt to prevent anyone from exceeding the limited rights and licenses granted under these Terms. You may not take any action to circumvent or defeat such security features. If you disable or otherwise tamper with the technical protection measures, your license to use the App or other Services shall be considered automatically revoked.
2. Third-party product, services and links.
Funmaker may offer third-party products through the Services. You assume all risks and liabilities associated with the use of any such third-party products. Additionally, your rights and obligations regarding such products or services will be governed by the separate terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third-party provider.
The Services may include hyperlinks to other websites over which Funmaker has no control. Funmaker is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and will not be responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such third-party websites or resources.
3. Access to the services.
By using the Services, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age (or have reached the age of majority if that is not 18 years of age where you live) or that you have reviewed these Terms with your parent or guardian and he or she assents to these Terms on your behalf and takes full responsibility for your compliance with them. If you are under the age of 13, you must have permission from your parent or guardian in order to use the Services. If you do not have permission from your parent of guardian, certain features and functionality of the Services may be disabled. Information regarding use of your personal information can be found in Funmaker's
Privacy Policy
or in the privacy policy specific to the Service you are using.
You may be required to register an account before using certain Services ("Account"). You may also be required or have the option to access the Services through a social networking service ("SNS"). Your Account is personal to you, and you may not rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath, or otherwise transfer it to anyone else. You agree to provide true and complete information about yourself when you register your Account and to keep it up to date. You may not have more than one Account or access the Services through more than one SNS at any given time. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and for any activities that occur under your Account. Funmaker does not authorize use of automated methods to sign up for an Account, and Funmaker reserves the right to immediately terminate your access to the Services or your Account if you breach these Terms or otherwise violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation in your jurisdiction.
You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for accessing and/or using the Services.
4. In-app purchases.
A. In-game Virtual Currency and Virtual Items
The Service may include an opportunity for you to earn, buy or otherwise obtain in-game currency ("Virtual Currency") to access virtual, in-game digital goods or items ("Virtual Items"). Methods of obtaining Virtual Currency are at Funmaker's sole discretion. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items are not real currency, do not have monetary value, and may not be redeemed for legal currency, or items of value outside of the Services.
Virtual Currency and Virtual Items obtained via the Service are provided to you under a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use within the Service. You have no property interest, right or title in or to any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items appearing or originating in the Service, and they may not be transferred or resold in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of any direct sale or auction service.
Funmaker has no liability for hacking or loss of your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items or any goods or services obtained via Virtual Currency. Funmaker has no obligation to, and will not, reimburse you for any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items obtained via Virtual Currency. Funmaker reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notification, to change or limit the price, availability, or order quantity of any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items and to refuse to provide you with any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items.
Virtual Currency may have an expiration date. If your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items expire and you still have an active Account, Funmaker may offer conversion of such Virtual Currency into Virtual Items for you in its sole discretion, however Funmaker is under no obligation to do so. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items may be forfeited if: (a) your Account or access to the Services is terminated or suspended for any reason; (b) you breach these Terms; (c) Funmaker discontinues availability of the Service; or (d) you disassociate from the Service.
B. Subscriptions
In some of our games, you may pay a fee for a subscription membership ("Subscription").
When you buy a Subscription, you agree to the following:
A Subscription fee will be charged to your chosen payment method in the app store of your device's platform ("App Store"). You will be charged the Subscription fee displayed at the time of sale; and
Your Subscription will automatically renew for the applicable length of your Subscription until either you or Funmaker cancels your Subscription. By way of example, if you buy a 3-month Subscription, the Subscription will automatically renew for another 3-month period (unless either you or Funmaker cancels your Subscription).
Canceling Subscriptions:
To stop automatic renewal of your Subscription and automatic withdrawal of Subscription fees, you must cancel your Subscription within 24 hours before it renews for the length of the next Subscription period. You may cancel your Subscription at any time by managing the subscription settings at your App Store.
For the Google Play store, instructions for canceling your Subscription may be found here:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481
For the Apple App store, instructions for canceling your Subscription may be found here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
Other Subscription Terms:
To receive any daily rewards as part of your Subscription, you must open the game that you have the Subscription for. You will not receive rewards for the days on which you did not open the game.
C. Payments for Subscriptions, Virtual Currencies, and Virtual Items
When you pay for a Subscription, Virtual Currencies, and/or Virtual Items, all payments are charged and processed by the App Store (e.g. the Google Play store or the Apple App store), so please review your app store's payment terms for additional payment terms that may apply.
You agree that all payments for Virtual Currency, Virtual Items, and Subscriptions are final. No refunds will be given, except in Funmaker's sole and absolute discretion.
5. Title.
Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, any and all title, ownership, rights, and intellectual property rights in and to the Services including all content therein (collectively the "Funmaker Content") shall remain in Funmaker and/or its suppliers, and are protected by the copyright laws of the United Kingdom, the United States and other jurisdictions around the world via international copyright treaties. The names and logos, and other graphics, icons, and service names associated with the Funmaker Content are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of Funmaker or its licensors. You may not use, copy, transmit, modify, distribute, or create any derivative works from the Services or the Funmaker Content without prior written consent from Funmaker .
The Services may allow you to create content ("Your Content") that incorporates the Funmaker Content, including, but not limited, to photos incorporating elements or graphics from games, screenshots or a video of your game play. Funmaker retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Funmaker Content. You retain all rights to Your Content; provided, however, that Funmaker shall have an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to Your Content for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the rights to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any means whether now known or unknown and distribute Your Content without any further notice or compensation to you. Except where prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Funmaker's use of Your Content.
6. Disclaimer of warranty and limit of liability.
FUNMAKER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, AND/OR GUARANTEE OF THE SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICES FOR YOUR PURPOSES, OR THAT THE USE OF THE SAME WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR FUNCTION PROPERLY IN COMBINATION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY TECHNOLOGY, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEMS OR DATA.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. FURTHER, FUNMAKER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SAME, OR TO THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, COMMUNICATIONS, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS AND SERVICE CONTAINED THEREIN. YOUR USE OF THE FUNMAKER SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
FUNMAKER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN REGIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT FUNMAKER IS NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO HOLD FUNMAKER LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD-PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND OTHER THIRD-PARTY SITES, AND THAT THE RISK OF USING OR ACCESSING THE SERVICES, AND OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING, RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
7. Indemnification.
You agree to hold harmless, indemnify and defend Funmaker, its licensors, affiliates and suppliers and their respective officers, directors and employees, from and against any losses, damages, fines and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) due to, arising out of, or relating to any information or item, including, without limitation, Your Content, Forum Content, and/or Inappropriate Content you may submit, post, transmit or make available through the Forums or Services, your use of the Forums and Services, your connection to the Forums and Services, your violation of these Terms, or your violation of any law, regulation or third-party right. Without limiting your indemnification obligations described herein, Funmaker reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
8. Termination.
These Terms will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term hereof. You and Funmaker have the right to terminate or cancel your Account, at any time for any reason and without notice. Upon termination you shall immediately discontinue use of the Services. Your obligations under Sections 5, 10, 12, and 13 shall survive any termination.
10. No assignment.
These Terms and the licenses granted to you herein are personal to you, and may not be assigned prior to obtaining Funmaker's express written consent.
11. Arbitration and dispute resolution.
These Terms and all disputes and claims relating in any way to, or arising out of, these Terms, the Services, the Forums, Forum Content, Inappropriate Content, Your Content, or your use of the Software or Forums shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales. You and Funmaker agree that the exclusive remedy for all disputes and claims relating in any way to, or arising out of, these Terms, the Services, the Forums, or your use of the Services or Forums shall be final and binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted under the rules of the ICC International Court of Arbitration ("ICA"). To the fullest extent permitted by law: (a) no arbitration under these Terms shall be joined to any other arbitration; (b) no class arbitration proceedings shall be permitted; (c) no finding or stipulation of fact in any other arbitration, judicial or similar proceeding may be given preclusive or collateral estoppel effect in any arbitration hereunder (unless determined in another proceeding between you and Funmaker); and (d) no conclusion of law in any other arbitration may be given any weight in any arbitration hereunder (unless determined in another proceeding between you and Funmaker). You and Funmaker must commence an arbitration by filing a demand for arbitration with the ICA within ONE (1) YEAR after the date the party asserting the claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission or default giving rise to the claim; and there shall be no right to any remedy for any claim not asserted within that time period (if applicable law prohibits a one year limitations period for asserting claims, the claim must be asserted within the shortest time period in excess of one year that is permitted by applicable law). Both parties will be responsible for their respective arbitration fees.
12. Feedback.
Funmaker does not accept unsolicited feedback, suggestions or other information about the Services or other aspects of its business. If you provide Funmaker with feedback or other ideas, you agree that Funmaker is free to use any feedback provided by you for any purpose (without compensation to you), including, without limitation, improving its products and services and creating derivative products.
13. General.
These Terms, along with the
Privacy Policy
, and any other privacy policy applicable to the specific Services you are using, constitute the complete and final agreement between Funmaker and you with respect to your use of the Services and may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Funmaker. You agree that your breach of these Terms will cause Funmaker immediate and irreparable harm and Funmaker will be entitled, notwithstanding the arbitration clause set forth in Section 11 above, to seek injunctive relief without the necessity of posting bond. Funmaker and you are independent parties and nothing in these Terms creates an employment or agent relationship. If any provision herein is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed in that matter only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions. The failure of either party to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Funmaker may make changes to the Services, these Terms, or its
Privacy Policy
from time to time. Funmaker will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of any material changes. All such changes will become effective immediately upon notice and/or posting. If any of these changes are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any unchanged portions of the Services, these Terms, or the
Privacy Policy
. Funmaker may transfer or assign the Services, these Terms, or the
Privacy Policy
, in whole or in part, to any third-party of Funmaker's choosing. These Terms will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Funmaker's respective successors and assigns.
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Ffunmakerstudio.com%2Ffunmaker%2Fprivacy-policy&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0t77GeNqa_Gdbm3V73QNog:
Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last Updated Date: October 06 2022
The terms define how you use Funmaker Game Studio Services or Games
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE. USE OF SERVICE IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
Funmaker Game Studio reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Service and its Privacy Policy at any time. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Service. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of our Terms of Service, the Funmaker Game Studio Privacy Policy, or any other Funmaker Game Studio policy, rules or codes of conduct relating to your use of the Service, your license to use the Service shall immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop using the Service.
LICENSE AND LIMITATIONS
Any use of the Service in violation of these License Limitations is strictly prohibited can result in the immediate revocation of your limited license and may subject you to liability for violation of law.
You agree that you will not, under any circumstances:
1. Engage in any act that Funmaker Game Studio deems to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the Service or make improper use of Funmaker Game Studio’s support services.
2. Use cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third party software designed to modify or interfere with the Service, any Funmaker Game Studio game or game experience or without Funmaker Game Studio’s express written consent, modify or cause to be modified any files that are part of the Service or any Funmaker Studio Game.
3. Post any information that contains nudity, excessive violence or offensive subject matter or that contains a link to such content.
4. Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Funmaker Game Studio employees, including Funmaker Game Studio’s customer service representatives.
5. Solicit or attempt to solicit personal information from other users of the Service or any Funmaker Game Studio game or collect or post anyone’s private information, including personally identifiable information (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information through the Service.
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER REMEDIES, FUNMAKER GAME STUDIO MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO FUNMAKER GAME STUDIO SERVICES OR PORTIONS THEREOF IF YOU ARE, OR FUNMAKER GAME STUDIO SUSPECTS THAT YOU ARE FAILING TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU.
PAYMENTS
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Funmaker Game Studio may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Service at any time. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT FUNMAKER GAME STUDIO IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND OR ANY REASON THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL RESOURCES WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
UPDATES TO THE SERVICE
You understand that the Service is an evolving one. Funmaker Game Studio may require that you accept updates to the Service and to Funmaker Game Studio’s games you have installed on your devices. You acknowledge and agree that Funmaker Game Studio may update the Service and Funmaker Game Studio games, with or without notifying you.
You fully understand and agree that, in order to enhance service security and safety level, Funmaker Game Studio has the right to apply one or more technical measures or/and application software into the Service; however, the mentioned measures will not guarantee that your account would not been lost or hacked, and Funmaker Game is fully exempted from liability under these circumstances.
During operation and supply of products, in order to best serve customers, Funmaker Game Studio has the right to update, add, change, delete and remove one or a few features, functional interfaces of the Service. Without prior notice to you, when you continue to use the Service, it is deemed that you have agreed to this entire change of the Service. In the event you do not agree, you should immediately stop using the Service, do not log back into the Service and completely remove the game from your device, in which case Funmaker Game Studio will have no liability whatsoever to you with your account and data in the Service.
PRIVACY POLICY
We take these steps to protect the security of Platform Data:
- Enforce encryption at rest for all Platform Data storage (e.g., all database files, backups, object storage buckets).
- Enforce TLS 1.2 encryption or greater for all network connections where Platform Data is transmitted
- Test your app and systems for vulnerabilities and security issues at least every 12 months.
- Protect sensitive data like credentials and access tokens.
- Test your incident response systems and processes at least every 12 months.
- Require multi-factor authentication for remote access
- Have a system for maintaining accounts (assigning, revoking, reviewing access and privileges)
- Have a system for keeping system code and environments updated, including servers, virtual machines, distributions, libraries, packages, and anti-virus software.
- Have a system in place for logging access to Platform Data and tracing where Platform Data was sent and stored.
- Monitor transfers of Platform Data and key points where Platform Data can leave the system (e.g., third parties, public endpoints)
- Have an automated system for monitoring logs and other security events, and to generate alerts for abnormal or security-related events.
We take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly abide by the regulations of the world data protection act. Personal data will only be collected to an extent that is technically required. In no case this data will be sold or passed on to third parties for any other reasons.
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system. All data collected will be stored on the server to identify user identity in our system and enhance user experience, provide events based on their region and choose the right settings based on their device.
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application.
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter for technical purposes as explained. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at contact@funmakerstudio.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LAW
By using or visiting the Service, you agree that the laws of Socialist Republic of Vietnam, without regard to conflict of law provisions and regardless of your location,will govern any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Funmaker Game Studio. If a dispute arises, we strongly encourage you to first contact us directly through our representative email contact@funmakerstudio.com. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Funmaker Game Studio must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Hanoi, Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it