Mobirise Free Web Creator
Mobirise v5.3.5
Deutsch
English
Français
Italiano
Legal Notice
Published by:
Ravensburger Verlag GmbH
Robert-Bosch-Str. 1
88214 Ravensburg
GERMANY
E-Mail:
info@ravensburger.de
Tel.: +49 - (0) 751 - 86 0
Fax: +49 - (0) 751 - 86 13 11
(Please do not use these telephone/fax numbers for service enquiries.)
Company management:
Dr. Anuschka Albertz, Thomas Bleyer, Susanne Knoche, Florent Leroux
Register court/Register number:
Ulm District Court HRB 551355
Sales tax number:
DE811514466
Information:
The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution, which you can find at
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
. We are neither obliged nor willing to participate in a dispute resolution procedure before a consumer arbitration board.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 08, 2024
Disney Lorcana The Card Game Companion App
(owned and operated by Ravensburger) is the official app to manage your Disney Lorcana card collection and get helpful gameplay tools.  This privacy policy covers the collection and use of information in the app. We take privacy seriously at Ravensburger, and this policy is designed to tell you what information we collect and how we use it.
Please review this policy from time to time as we may make changes. It forms part of our terms of service and explains your rights and responsibilities when using our services.  If we do make a change, we will post notice at the top of this policy.  If we make a material change to the way we collect or process your personal information, we will provide email notice if we have your contact information and add a notice at the top of this policy prior to making the change.
§ 1 Information on the Collection of Personal Data
(1) In the following, you will find information on the collection of personal data during the use of our mobile app. Personal data is all data that can be linked to you personally, e.g., name, address, email address, user behavior.
(2) Responsible for the collection and processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 4 Section 7 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Ravensburger Verlag GmbH, located at Robert-Bosch-Str. 1, 88214 Ravensburg, Germany.
Should you have questions, comments, or criticism about data protection, or if you wish to assert your rights described below, please call +49 - (0) 751 - 86 0, email our data protection officer at
privacy@ravensburger.com
, or using our postal address with the addition “The data protection officer.”
(3) If you contact us by email, we save the data you provide (your email address, if applicable your name, and your phone number) so that we can respond to your inquiries. We erase the data collected in this context when it is no longer necessary to retain it, or limit its processing if statutory data storage regulations apply.
(4) If we use service providers for individual functions of our offer, or if we wish to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail below about the processes involved here. We also inform you below about the storage duration criteria that apply.
§ 2 Your Rights
(1) You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
– Right to request access to your personal data,
– Right to rectification or erasure of your personal data,
– Right to restriction of processing of your personal data,
– Right to object to processing of your personal data,
– Right to data portability.
(2) Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data.
§ 3 Download and Subsequent Offline Use of Our Mobile App
(1) Download from the App Store
When you download the app, necessary information is transferred to the app store, including the login data of your account, if applicable payment information, individual device ID, and information about your download (e.g., time of download). We have no control over this data collection and are not responsible for it. We only process the data as far as necessary for downloading the mobile app to your mobile device. It is not retained beyond this extent. The legal basis is Art. 6 Section 1 p. 1 lit. b of the GDPR.
(2) Subsequent (Offline) Use
The app is downloaded to your mobile device and can generally be used without internet access, possibly with restricted functionality. No personal data is collected during offline use.
§ 4 Special Functions and Use in Online Mode
(1) If you use the app in online mode, i.e., when connected to the internet, or if you use special functions, additional data processing may take place. We explain this in more detail below.
(2) In some cases, we use external service providers to process your data. In the case of this app, Ravensburger AG, Cloud Flare, and OVHcloud are the service providers. We carefully select these service providers and ensure they comply with our instructions. We regularly monitor their compliance. Should you have questions or comments related to the data collection or privacy practices of service providers, please email our data protection officer at
privacy@ravensburger.com
.
(3) If our service provider or partner is based in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will inform you about the consequences of this below.
(4) Specifically:
a. The app contains a catalog of Lorcana cards. To provide you with the latest information on our Lorcana cards, the app connects to our servers to retrieve data from our online catalog. This occurs especially when you start the app to load the full catalog. As you browse the catalog, thumbnails are loaded from the server. When you select an individual card, the app downloads the associated card information and images. We process the data generated in this context to provide the requested information to your device. Furthermore, we store them in anonymized form for technical error analyses. After a maximum of 3 months, the data is deleted. We do not create user profiles.
You have the option of creating lists in the app to track the cards you have collected and the ones you still want. If you use this function, the associated data is stored locally on your device. We do not have access to your lists.
b. In the event of an application crash, you have the option to send a crash report. This crash report will only be sent if you actively confirm it. The crash report includes technical information such as device model, operating system, application version, and technical details about the crash, as well as a log file indicating the user's position within the application at the time of the crash. This information helps us to identify the cause of the crash and to continually improve the application. No information that could directly or indirectly identify you is collected.
§ 5 Objection or Revocation of the Processing of Your Data
(1) If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw this consent at any time. Once you have issued this revocation, it affects the permissibility of the processing of your personal data by us.
(2) If we base the processing of your personal data on the balancing of interests (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR), you can object to this processing. This is the case when processing the data is not necessary for fulfilling a contract with you. If you express such an objection, we request that you provide reasons why you do not wish us to process your personal data as usual. After you have submitted your objection with reasons, we will examine the circumstances and will either cease or alter the data processing or explain our compelling legitimate grounds for continuing to process the data.
(3) Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for advertising and data analysis purposes at any time. You can inform us about your objection to processing for advertising purposes using the contact data given in § 1 (2). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are neither processing your personal data for advertising or data analysis purposes in connection with this app.
Data Security
Ravensburger uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the service providers it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Ravensburger and using a fire-wall protected environment and storing personal information in secure operating environments. That said, Ravensburger cannot and does not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Children’s Privacy:
Our mobile app is intended for a general audience and is not directed specifically at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from your child, please contact us at support@ravensburger-digital.com so that we can take appropriate steps to remove such information from our systems.
For users under the age of 13, we advise parental supervision during app usage and encourage parents or guardians to discuss privacy and data security practices with their children.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
Ravensburger Verlag GmbH is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the certification page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to supporting online services to safeguard children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA safe harbor certification Seal posted on this page indicates Ravensburger Verlag GmbH has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at +49 - (0) 751 - 86 0 or
privacy@ravensburger.com
.  If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
Site was
designed
with Mobirise