en
English
Français
Español
Português
Deutsch
Italiano
Polski
Русский
Warzone Ranked Meta
Modern Warfare 2
news
account
edit streamer profiles
WSOW
leaderboards
tools
Sponsors
NoLagVPN
Marvel Rivals
Meta
Camo Tracker
Perks
Stats
Stats
Close Range Meta Stats
Long Range Meta Stats
Sniper Meta Stats
Benchmark
Long Range Benchmark
Close Range Benchmark
Categories
Best Assault Rifles
Best SMG's
Best LMG's
Best Snipers
Best Battle Rifles
Best Shotguns
Best Pistols
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 20, 2021
The following terms govern the use of WZ Stats websites and technologies, along with other online features and services, including but not limited to emails, forums, giveaways, newsletters, Discord channel, iOS and Android applications (collectively, the “Platforms”) operated by Infinity Technologies SA and our subsidiaries (collectively “Company,” or "WZ Stats," or “we,” or “us,” or “our”).
WZ Stats reserves the right to modify these terms at any time, without warning, with the new terms coming into immediate effect from the moment they are published. It is advised that you take the time to periodically check for updates across our platforms.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our Platform visitors and users. This policy applies where WZ Stats acts as a data controller, with respect to the personal data of our Platform visitors and users, i.e. where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
You can control what cookies you consent to us using, in accordance with our cookies policy.
Information We Collect
There are several categories of data that we may collect and process during your time using our Platforms.
Personal Data
This is data that identifies you, or enables us to contact you, and may include but not be limited to your name, address, sex, email address, date of birth/age, occupation, location, salary range, language preference, or photo if you’ve provided one. Most of this data is only collected if you provide it voluntarily.
Non-Personal Data
This is data used for statistical and analytical purposes, combined with other users of the website. This kind of data allows us to improve our Platforms, and learn important information about how users act when they visit our Platforms. Information in this category includes but is not limited to device type, browser type, location, and other anonymous data.
Player Data
For all public users searched through our platform we collect:
- Their COD profile information to display it and showcase their performances and their weekly improvements,
- At least their last 100 match results, to give useful stats about the player progressions during their last matches,
- Their past match summaries
For all anonymized users found in the public matches, we aggregate their kills and deaths to only keep their past performance. This information is available to anyone using the unique match identifier.
Premium User Data:
- We collect all past matches and aggregate them to give you insightful information about your progression and records in-game,
- We collect your email to be able to stay in touch with you if needed,
- We don’t collect payment information ourselves. Everything is managed by our third-party partners Paypal & Stripe
How We Use Your Information
During the Provision of Platforms
Your information may be used in the daily running of our Platforms, including giveaways and comments sections.
During the Improvement of Platforms
Your information may be used to improve our Platforms, provide you with personalised content, interact with you, notify you of changes, and identify any issues.
Communication
Where you’ve consented, we may use your information to contact you, in compliance with applicable law. Your prior, opt-in consent will be required for this communication.
Advertising
Your information may be used to deliver adverts to you that we believe that you’ll be interested in. These adverts might be delivered by a third-party, or directly by WZ Stats. The type of advertisements that you see will be in-part decided by your cookie consent.
Engagement
Your information may be used to monitor how both you and other users engage with our Platforms as a whole, allowing us to deliver the best content and tailor our website to improve your experience.
Security
Your information may be used for security purposes, to allow us to identify and remedy an incident of this nature.
Legal
In rare cases, your information may be used, either in defending legal rights of WZ Stats or our users, or subject to applicable law, in response to court of governmental orders. If we believe you have violated our Terms and Conditions or other published guidelines, or there are grounds to suggest you are engaging in any illegal activity, we may be forced to release your information.
How We Work with Third Parties
WZ Stats may, in some instances, disclose personal information to third-parties when it is appropriate, in order to deliver a service or product, or to help us improve your experience with us, or when required by law.
As part of our dedication to securing your personal information, we have in place contracts with third parties to ensure your information remains secure and is limited to necessary use only.
We will never pass on your information, without your express written consent, unless obligated. There may be circumstances where your information is passed over for legal reasons, to regulatory authorities upon request, law enforcement, courts, or other bodies of a similar nature.
If you enter our competitions, it may also be necessary to pass over information in-order for WZ Stats to fulfill the prize.
Retaining and Storing Your Information
Any information we store on you, we hold securely and for as long as we need to in order to provide our services and products in accordance with applicable law.
We take every step feasible to ensure that your user information is retained and processed for the minimum necessary period.
If you opt out of any of our services, we will retain the minimum necessary amount of data to enable you to keep using our Platforms.
Individuals Under 13
Our Platforms are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 should be accessing our Platforms or providing us with any information. If someone under the age of 13 does disclose information about themselves in a public area, consequences may occur that are not intended for someone of their age. Should it be highlighted to us that we are storing data on any children under the age of 13, that data will be removed from our system as soon as physically possible. By using our Platforms, you warrant you are over the age of 13.
External Links
This Privacy Policy applies exclusively to WZ Stats and our Platforms. Our website may contain links to external websites. WZ Stats is in no way responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites. We recommend that you take the time to read the privacy policies of other websites that you visit. Similarly, if you are redirected to WZ Stats from a third-party, their privacy policy or practices will not apply to our Platforms.
Our Cookie Policy
WZ Stats is dedicated to being transparent with users on how we collect and use cookies across our websites and technologies, operating a strict policy across our Platforms.
Why cookies are important
Cookies serve a multitude of purposes, from ensuring that our websites function as intended, so allowing us to serve you the ads that are most likely to resonate with you. Cookies can store your login information, or remember your preferences on our websites, giving you the best experience on our platforms.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a file that is stored on your browsing device, used to communicate with the websites that you visit about various preferences of your user experience.
There are two main types of cookies, a Session Cookie, and a Persistent Cookie. According to Wikipedia, they are respectively defined as follows:
Session cookie
A session cookie, also known as an in-memory cookie, transient cookie or non-persistent cookie, exists only in temporary memory while the user navigates the website. Web browsers normally delete session cookies when the user closes the browser. Unlike other cookies, session cookies do not have an expiration date assigned to them, which is how the browser knows to treat them as session cookies.
Persistent cookie
Instead of expiring when the web browser is closed as session cookies do, a persistent cookie expires at a specific date or after a specific length of time. This means that, for the cookie’s entire lifespan (which can be as long or as short as its creators want), its information will be transmitted to the server every time the user visits the website that it belongs to, or every time the user views a resource belonging to that website from another website (such as an advertisement).
For this reason, persistent cookies are sometimes referred to as tracking cookies because they can be used by advertisers to record information about a user’s web browsing habits over an extended period of time. However, they are also used for “legitimate” reasons (such as keeping users logged into their accounts on websites, to avoid re-entering login credentials at every visit).
These cookies are however reset if the expiration time is reached or the user manually deletes the cookie.
Other Similar Technologies
WZ Stats may also utilise cookie-like technologies, including pixels and site tags. These technologies are used to retrieve information essential to us to get a better understanding about how our website is functioning, who’s using it, when and from where. The data we will retrieve includes device type, e.g. iPhone; operating system, e.g. Windows; time of visit; etc.
While they may interact with your browser’s cookie, they’re not actually cookies themselves.
Types of Cookies WZ Stats Use
Authentication – used to identify you during everyday usage of our Platforms.
Status – used to determine if you’re logged into our Platforms.
Security – used to protect both our platforms and our users, for things like fraudulent use of credentials.
Personalisation – used to store information about your preferences and to give you the user experience that is right for you.
Analytics – used for performance measurement, such as how many people visit our Platforms. This data is passed to, among other websites, Google. You can review how they might process your cookies here.
Advertising – used to deliver the most appropriate adverts to you while you use our platforms. They may record the frequency with which you’ve visited the website, so you don’t see the same adverts every time. Advertising cookies are either placed by WZ Stats, or one of our trusted partners.
Cookie Consent – used to keep records of which cookies you’ve consented to.
WZ Stats Trusted Partners
On our Platforms we only allow cookies from trusted parties. These parties may deliver adverts to you that are targeted to your interests, with some of that data being collected through cookies. Our current partners include but are not limited to:
Google DoubleClick
Enthusiast Gaming
Deleting Your Cookies
You have the option to remove cookies, or to opt out of any cookies placed by WZ Stats during your time on our Platforms. By removing cookies, you may no longer get the intended user experience.
You can opt out of cookies using our consent management system. This allows you to see in greater detail what cookies are being served by our website, and decide which you wish to keep or block.
The following are some useful resources for more details and information on managing your cookies:
Your Online Choices — Targeted at European Users
About Ads — Targeted at American Users
Google Ads
All About Cookies
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our policy, or your personal information, you can contact us by email at
hello@wzstats.gg
or by post at the following address:
Infinity Technologies SA
Avenue des Métallurgistes, 8A
1490 Court-Saint-Etienne (Belgium)