Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is on behalf of 'The Warehouse Fitness Centers LLC' / trading as 'Warehouse Gym'.
References to ‘Warehouse Gym’ or ‘whgym.com’ are references to The Warehouse Fitness Centers LLC / trading as Warehouse Gym, registered in the UAE, and whose registered office is at Dubai, UAE. The Warehouse Fitness Center LLC maintains this website
(www.whgym.com)
.
This policy applies only to activities that whgym.com engages in on its website (www.whgym.com) and does not apply to whgym.com activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the website.
whgym.com collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected by the whgym.com website can include information such as the type of browser you are using, and the length of the visit to the website.
You may also be asked to provide personally identifiable information on the whgym.com website, which may include your name, telephone number, and e-mail address. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to whgym.com when you register for services or make purchases via the website.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
: We collect personally identifiable information from you when you become a member of whgym.com. Such information may include your name, email address, phone number, date of birth and gender (“Members Details”). The lawful basis for this processing is to perform the contract of providing you with membership to whgym.com, including amending or terminating the contract as necessary.`
We will use this information for purposes including:
- processing and managing your membership and communicating with you;
- promoting new services of whgym.com to you;
- promoting services of selected third parties and partners to you;
- managing requests made by you, including in relation to how we treat your data;
- responding to requests made by law enforcement authorities;
- for statistical purposes for improving our site.
We may share your information within our group of companies and with our professional advisors as needed for the purposes of us running our businesses. We may also provide your contact information to our business partners and third parties who may contact you about their products and services.
Credit and debit card
details and other similar financial information you provide during your membership sign on process via our website will be not be stored by whgym.com, but will be passed through by you to a third party service provider on that third party service provider’s form when you enter those details on our website. Please refer to the privacy policy of that third party service provider for details on how they collect and treat that information. Such information will not be stored, sold, shared, rented, or leased by whgym.com to any third parties. whgym.com may keep the first five (5) and/or last four (4) digits of your cards, in order for whgym.com to analyse the type of cards being used by our clients, payment patterns and payment default patterns.
MEDICAL DATA:
You may provide whgym.com with certain medical related information, such as doctors’ notes or certificates, in order to suspend or cancel your membership with us. In such cases we may share copies of that information with some of our third party service providers in order to process the suspension or cancellation. The purpose of processing that information and sharing that data with third parties is solely to perform our contract for the provision of gym services to you.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
: Note that some of your personal data will be shared both within our organisation and with third parties that are outside of the United Arab Emirates.
Such transfers are made:
- in accordance with the applicable data protection law either to a country that is recognised as having adequate protections that allow such transfers; or
- subject to an agreement between whgym.com and the recipient that is recognised under the applicable data protection law as allowing for such data transfers; or
- for the purpose of entering into, or executing, the contract between you as a customer and whgym.com.
COOKIES:
Cookies are small bits of data cached in a user’s browser. whgym.com utilizes cookies to determine whether or not you have visited the home page in the past. However, no other user information is gathered.
whgym.com may use non-personal "aggregated data" to enhance the operation of our website, or analyze interest in the areas of our website. Additionally, if you provide whgym.com with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data with your permission.
whgym.com may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such requests. whgym.com may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party if The Warehouse Fitness Centers LLC files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of whgym.com in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.
SECURITY:
whgym.com takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, whgym.com cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.
OTHER WEBSITES
: whgym.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party’s privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our site is not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
MINORS:
whgym.com does not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 18. Minors are not permitted to use the whgym.com website or services, and whgym.com requests that minors under the age of 18 not submit any personal information to the website. Since information regarding minors under the age of 18 is not collected, whgym.com does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding minors under the age of 18.
CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES
: If you wish to modify or update any information whgym.com has received, please contact visit your nearest Warehouse Gym location for assistance.
MODIFICATIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
: The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions would be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore the Customers’ are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
Except as otherwise stated above, we do not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information collected on the site to others.
Please
contact us
at
info@whgym.com
if you have any questions or concerns about how we will use and store your personal information.