Hi there! This Privacy Notice explains how we, at Cyan, process information about the visitors of our website in connection with the services we provide. We put together this Privacy Notice to help our Users understand the information we collect about them and how that happens on our Site.
Information We Collect About Visitors to Our Users’ Sites
We collect information about visitors in a few different ways– we collect certain information that our visitors provide to the Site, we collect some information automatically, and we collect any information that our visitors provide to us.
Information a Visitor Provides to a Site
We’ll start with information that visitors provide directly to our Site, which primarily happens when visitors type into a text field, like a comment field.
Here are the most common ways in which a visitor directly provides information to our Site:
Site Comments:
When a visitor leaves a comment on a Site, we collect that comment, and other information that the visitor provides along with the comment, such as the visitor’s name and email address.
Order and Shipment Information:
If a visitor orders something (hooray!) from us using our store, we may collect information to process that order, such as credit card and billing information, and an address for shipping the package along to the recipient and calculating applicable taxes. With explicit user consent we may also use this information for other purposes on behalf of our Users–for example, to send marketing and other communications from our Users to their customers, and to provide our User with analytics information about their ecommerce site (e.g., the number of orders from particular geographic areas). Please note: this is a summary of our store’s privacy policy. Our store’s complete privacy policy can be accessed
here
.
Other Information Entered on the Site:
We may also collect other information that a visitor enters on the Site–such as a contact form submission, a search query, or Site registration.
Information We Automatically Collect from the Site
We also automatically collect some information about visitors to the Site. We’ve listed examples below:
Technical Data from a Visitor’s Computer and Etcetera:
We collect the information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available about visitors to a Site, such as the IP address, browser type, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information.
Location Information:
We may determine the approximate location of a visitor’s device from the IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, tally how many people visit our Site from different geographic regions.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a Site stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the Site each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on Sites. Cyan uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help identify and track visitors and Site usage. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how visitors can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How We Use Visitor Information
We use information about Site visitors in order to provide our Services to our visitors. Our users may use our Services to, for example, create and manage the Site, publish comments, flag and fight comments from spammers, and collect information through polls, quizzes and other surveys.
We may also use and share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify any individual. For instance, we may store aggregate statistics about the use of our services.
How We Share Visitor Information
We may share information collected about Site visitors in the limited circumstances spelled out below:
Subsidiaries, Employees, and Independent Contractors:
We may disclose Site visitor information to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our services to our Users, or to process information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries, employees, and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Notice for information about visitors that we share with them.
Third Party Vendors:
We may share Site visitor information with third party vendors who need to know this information in order to provide their services to us. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them.
Legal Requests:
We may disclose Site visitor information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others:
We may disclose Site visitor information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Cyan, our Users, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay.
Business Transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Cyan goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, Site visitor information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Notice would continue to apply to Site visitor information and the party receiving this information may continue to use this information, but only consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Information Shared Publicly:
Information that visitors choose to make public is–you guessed it–disclosed publicly. That means, of course, that information like visitor comments and “likes” are all available to others, including information about the visitor that is displayed in connection with a comment or “like” (such as a visitor’s username and Gravatar). Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
How Long We Keep Visitor Information
If we are not legally required to keep it, we generally discard information about Site visitors when no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it on behalf of our users — those purposes which are described in the “How We Use Visitor Information” section above.
For example, we keep the web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of our user’s Sites — such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system — for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, investigate issues if something goes wrong on the Site.
As another example, when a visitor views our Site we use their IP address in order to update Site Stats with information about their visit, like what country they are in. We keep that IP address for approximately 30 days to give us time to calculate our monthly Site Stats and address any issues with those counts.
Other Tools
Our site may integrate other tools and services (such as Google Analytics and third party plugins). Please note that this Privacy Notice only covers the collection of information by Cyan, and does not cover the collection by any third party.
For more information about how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org, and for more information on interest-based ads, including information about how visitors may be able to opt out of having their web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
aboutads.info/choices
(US based) and
youronlinechoices.eu
(EU based).
Data Collection in Myst (2020)
Myst (2020) for Meta Quest and Meta Rift may reference user data like your username or ID in order to process online achievements. Cyan does not collect or make use of this data in any way outside of what is needed for the game to process achievements or other online-subsystem-based activity. This data is not stored anywhere outside of where you have installed the game, and it is never sent to Cyan servers. A human being nor robot on Cyan’s end will ever see or process this data; it is merely for functional achievements on Meta.
Data Collection in Obduction
Obduction for Meta Rift may reference user data like your username or ID in order to process online achievements. Cyan does not collect or make use of this data in any way outside of what is needed for the game to process achievements or other online-subsystem-based activity. This data is not stored anywhere outside of where you have installed the game, and it is never sent to Cyan servers. A human being nor robot on Cyan’s end will ever see or process this data; it is merely for functional achievements on Meta.
Data Collection in Firmament
Firmament may reference user data like your username or ID in order to process online achievements. Cyan does not collect or make use of this data in any way outside of what is needed for the game to process achievements or other online-subsystem-based activity. This data is not stored anywhere outside of where you have installed the game, and it is never sent to Cyan servers. A human being nor robot on Cyan’s end will ever see or process this data; it is merely for functional achievements on online platforms.
Data Collection in Riven
Riven may reference user data like your username or ID in order to process online achievements or sync cloud save data with the platform you are on. Cyan does not collect or make use of this data in any way outside of what is needed for the game to process achievements or other online-subsystem-based activity. This data is not stored anywhere outside of where you have installed the game, and it is never sent to Cyan servers. A human being nor robot on Cyan’s end will ever see or process this data; it is merely for functional achievements on online platforms.
Contact
Feel free to contact us if you have additional questions about this policy or privacy at Cyan.
Privacy Manager – Cyan
Cyan Worlds, Inc.
14617 Newport Highway
Mead, Washington 99021-9378
(509) 468-0807
legal@cyan.com