Refund policy
DATE OF LAST UPDATE: 10/08/2023
Under the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 you have a right to cancel your purchase. However, to exercise this right you must notify us in writing, (email or letter) within 7 working days from the day after you receive your goods. Please download returns form
here
.
Any goods sent back to us without prior company approval will not be refunded, replaced or repaired and any costs we incur for this return will be passed onto the customer.
You must ensure that they are properly and securely packaged and labelled with our address;
The cost of returning these goods is at your expense and we would always recommend the use of a tracked postage service such as Royal Mail’s Signed For service.
No right of cancellation, refund or return exists under the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 once you have used your product, unless the product is defective and you are returning it for this reason.
Under the Sale of Goods Act 1979, you may be entitled to a refund, replacement, repair and/or compensation where goods are faulty or not as described. If you believe any of these to be the case please email, telephone or write to us within 30 days.
Please note no refunds will be issued on promotional items that are part of mystery content offers.
Click Here to Download a BPerfect Returns Form
Please note: Charitable Event Tickets are non-refundable.
STORE RETURNS
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you can return items to BPerfect Megastore  within 14 days for a full refund.
Items must be returned within the stated time-frame,  unused, unopened and have not been removed from the original packaging. For reasons of health and hygiene, we are unable to accept returns on brushes, lip products and mascara. We cannot accept cosmetics which have been opened, tested or partially used. This does not apply to faulty or incorrectly supplied goods where your statutory rights are unaffected. If you do receive a Faulty or Incorrect Product, please Contact Us immediately.
Products bought instore with a valid receipt can be returned or exchanged up to 14 days following their purchase date instore.
Please note any purchases made on BPerfect Cosmetics online and the BPerfect Megastore online store cannot be returned to the BPerfect Megastore.