Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
AnimeArt
Privacy Policy
Read this policy to learn about the information AnimeArt collects and how we use it. If you have any questions about this, please contact us by email.
1. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We may collect Personal Data from and about you:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically when you Use Anime Art. Information collected automatically may include Usage details and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses.
From third parties, for example, our service providers, partners and vendors.
2. PERSONAL DATA YOU PROVIDE TO US DIRECTLY
You may provide Personal Data to us directly, or to service providers that act on our behalf, when you Use Anime Art. The Personal Data you provide depends on which features of Anime Art you Use and how you interact with the app.
Photos that you upload to Anime Art.
If you grant us permission to access your camera or your device’s photo library, we will process the photos you select to upload to Anime Art to provide features of the app that you choose to Use. For more information regarding how we process your photos and videos, please see Section 3: How We Process, Share and Retain Your Photos and Image Data.
Information Regarding Gender.
When you Use the Magic Avatars feature of the app, we ask you to select the gender you want to be associated with the Avatar. You can select Female, or Male. This information is used solely to generate the Avatars in accordance with the indicated gender: for example, if you choose to identify your gender as a female, then you will receive conventionally more feminine-like Avatars.
Account Information.
When you create a Anime Art account, we ask you to provide your email address. If you log in with your Apple ID we will receive your Apple ID and may receive the email address associated with your Apple ID, depending on your Apple settings.
If you contact us or communicate with us, we will collect and receive
records and copies of your correspondence with us and contact details that you have provided us while making your inquiries
(such as your name, postal addresses, email addresses and phone numbers or any other identifier by which you may be contacted).
3.
HOW WE PROCESS, SHARE, AND RETAIN YOUR PHOTOS AND IMAGE DATA
We process your photos and videos to provide you with the features of the Anime Art application that you choose to Use. In doing so, when you upload photos to Anime Art, we process your photos using technology that identifies data that is in the photos and provides us with information, such as information about your facial position, orientation and topology (“Face Data”), and other elements of your photo (collectively, “Image Data”). The following describes how we process, share, and retain your photos and Image Data in connection with various features of the Anime Art app. Please note, however, that we may retain your data for longer time periods than set forth below where required to do so by law.
Magic Avatars.
To generate Magic Avatars, you must upload 5-20 photos to Anime Art and select a gender to be associated with the Avatar. The photos you upload are stored on our servers, which are hosted by Aliyun Services (USA). The Magic Avatars feature relies on the Stable Diffusion model. We create a copy of the Stable Diffusion model, which is hosted on our Aliyun servers, and apply technology that retrains the model using the photos you uploaded and generates Image Data to create and personalize your Avatars. Immediately after the successful generation of Avatars, your original photos, the copy of the Stable Diffusion model, as well as any associated Image Data, are deleted permanently from our servers. We do not Use your Personal Data to train and/or create separate artificial intelligence/products.
Your Avatars
are stored on our servers (provided by Aliyun Services (USA)) and are available to you within the Anime Art app at 24 hours.
4
.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
When you Use Anime Art, we or third parties we permit to do so, may automatically collect certain information, including Personal Data, from you (this is subject to your consent where this is required by law). The information collected from you automatically when you Use Anime Art may include:
Device information:
Information about your mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, the device’s unique device identifier, operating system and version, mobile network information, device type and device language.
App and country information:
Information regarding the version of the app that you are using and the country version of the app store from which you downloaded Anime Art.
Image Data: For more information regarding how we process your photos when you Use various features of the app, please see Section 3: How We Process, Share, and Retain Your Photos, and Image Data.
Usage details:
Details of your Use of Anime Art, including frequency of Use, areas and features of the application that you access and information regarding engagement with particular features of the app.
Details about your in-app purchases:
For example, details regarding the time you made certain purchases.
Subscription Data:
Details confirming the existence of relationship between us and confirmation that relationship ended, if applicable (e.g., subscription order, payment confirmation, subscription cancellation, subscription price & duration, if you used the app), and information about your subscription status and redacted cardholder data (this doesn’t include your full card details)
(If you have provided your consent) IDFA
, whichever is applicable to your device. If you want to disable the collection of IDFA by Anime Art, please follow the instructions below.
If you use an iOS device:
Go to Privacy settings to see a list of apps that request to track your activity. On iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking.
Tap to turn off or turn on permission to track for Anime Art.
5. LOG DATA
We may save information about your use of
Anime Art
. The log data may include information such as the date and time of the user's use, subscription and other behaviors. We use this information to manage and provide access to services. This information will be guaranteed under the control of
AnimeArt
. We will protect such log data through technical and management means to prevent the risk of loss, improper use, unauthorized access, disclosure or change.
6. INFORMATION SHARING
In addition to the following instructions, this app will not share your personal information with third parties unless you give us permission. We may share some aggregated non personal information with third parties, such as the number of users searching for specific terms or clicking on specific advertisements.
7. INFORMATION SECURITY
We and third parties will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, some of our services will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect your personal information.
We take measures to reduce the risk of information damage, loss and unauthorized access or use. The system and communication network you use to access our services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
8. DELETE
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information, except for the following circumstances: 1) your account is found to be illegal; 2) Your account has completed or ongoing copyright license transactions; 3) There are outstanding debts or pending disputes in your account; 4)
AnimeArt
shall keep your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations or the requirements of judicial or administrative authorities.
You can contact
sean_xing@sina.com
To delete your personal information After verifying your identity, we will delete your personal information within the period specified by applicable laws.
9. OTHER
Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any significant changes to our policy, we will post the new policy on our website and update the "last update" date.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email sean_xing@sina.com.
Last updated: May 29, 2024
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it