Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 01, 2022
Iottech Bilisim Danismanlik Limit Company. (the 'Company,' 'us,' 'we,' 'our') is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the Website located at
https://www.iottech.com.tr/
('Website') and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We do not collect any data from any of our Games or Applications.
​
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Information Collected or Received from You
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve the Website. To achieve these goals, we may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer (hereinafter 'Personal Data').
This information may include:
Usage Data: We may collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Website or when you access the Website by or through a mobile device.
Use of Your Personal Data
We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Website, including to monitor the usage of our Website.
To manage your account: to manage your registration as a user of the Website. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Website that are available to you as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or Websites you have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Website.
To contact you: To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted Websites, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, Websites and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
To manage your requests: To attend and manage your requests to Us.
For business transfers: We may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes: We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Website, products, Websites, marketing and your experience.
Information that We Share with Third Parties
We may share your Personal Data in the following situations:
With Website Providers: We may engage third-party websites providers to work with us to administer and support our business These third-party Websites providers have access to your Personal Data only for the purpose of performing Websites on our behalf.
For Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your Personal Data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
With Affiliates: We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners: We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, Websites or promotions.
With other users: When you share Personal Data or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If you interact with other users or register through a third-party social media website, your contacts on the third-party social media website, may see your name, profile, pictures and description of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you and view your profile.
With Your consent: We may disclose your Personal Data for any other purpose with Your consent.
Information Disclosed for our Protection and the Protection of Others: We may disclose your Personal Data if legally required to do so, pursuant to a request from a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith - after considering your privacy interests and other factors - that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website
Stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical, or legally actionable.
We may also share information about visitors to the Website with our partners, other site visitors, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the sites and how those visitors use the sites in order to serve advertisements to you on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. However, such information is not considered Personal Data because it is anonymized and aggregated in such a way that it cannot reasonably linked back to the individual.
Retention of Your Personal Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Website, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other Personal Data.
Your Choices About Your Information
We respect the choices that you make with respect to your privacy and therefore allow you to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected or stored about you. Once we receive your request, we will delete your information as soon as practicable.
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Website is not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data of a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or websites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website, prior to the change becoming effective and update the 'Last updated' date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to request that we delete your Personal Data, you can contact us by visiting this page on our website:
www.voctorhealth.com.tr/policy/privacy
or by email:
info@iottech.com.tr
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://www.voctorhealth.com/privacy-policy:
top of page
VoctoR Health
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
At VoctoR Health, we take the privacy of our users seriously. This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how we collect, use, and protect your personal data. When you visit our website, we adhere to the following principles to safeguard your personal information.
2. Data Collected
When you visit our website or use our services, the following types of data may be collected:
User preferences, pages you visit within the voctorhealth site, IP address, and cookie information as technical data
Feedback and comments
3. Use of Data
The personal data collected is used for the following purposes:
To provide and improve our services
To analyze website traffic
To personalize user experience
To comply with legal requirements
4. Data Sharing
VoctoR Health only shares your personal data with third parties under the following circumstances:
To comply with legal obligations
With service providers for the purpose of delivering services (e.g., technical support)
With user consent
5. Data Protection
We implement industry-standard security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, data loss, or misuse. These measures are designed to minimize the risks of unauthorized access or misuse.
6. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to enhance the user experience and analyze website traffic. You can manage your cookie preferences through your browser settings.
7. Your Rights
Under applicable data protection laws, you have the right to:
Request access to your data
Request correction or deletion of your data
Object to the processing of your data
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via the following details:
Email: info@iottech.com.tr
VoctoR Health
Privacy Policy Notice
Cognitive DTx
Mental DTx
Physical DTx
Blog
Cognitive DTx
Neurodegenerative Diseases
bottom of page