Home
Pricing
Launch
Blog
SDK Docs
Log In
Sign Up
Looking for Variant Launch?
Our new WebAR SDK is
      available here:
Learn More
Privacy Statement
Print
Effective date: April 29, 2021
All capitalized terms have their definition in Variant’s Terms of Service, unless otherwise noted here.
Variant Privacy Statement
What information Variant collects
"
User Personal Information
" is any information about one of our Users which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify them or otherwise be reasonably linked or connected with them. Information such as a username and password, an email address, a real name, an Internet protocol (IP) address, and a photograph are examples of “User Personal Information.”
User Personal Information does not include aggregated, non-personally identifying information that does not identify a User or cannot otherwise be reasonably linked or connected with them. We may use such aggregated, non-personally identifying information for research purposes and to operate, analyze, improve, and optimize our Website and Service.
Information users provide directly to Variant
Registration information
We require some basic information at the time of account creation. When you create your own username and password, we ask you for a valid email address.
Payment information
If you sign on to a paid Account with us, we collect your full name, address, and credit card information or PayPal information. Please note, Variant does not process or store your credit card information or PayPal information, but our third-party payment processor does.
Profile information
You may choose to give us more information for your Account profile, such as your full name, an avatar which may include a photograph, your location, your company, and a URL to a third-party website. This information may include User Personal Information. Please note that your profile information may be visible to other Users of our Service.
Information Variant automatically collects from your use of the Service
Transactional information
If you have a paid Account with us, we automatically collect certain information about your transactions on the Service, such as the date, time, and amount charged.
Usage information
If you're accessing our Service or Website, we automatically collect the same basic information that most services collect, subject, where necessary, to your consent. This includes information about how you use the Service, such as the pages you view, the referring site, your IP address and session information, and the date and time of each request. This is information we collect from every visitor to the Website, whether they have an Account or not. This information may include User Personal information.
Cookies
As further described below, we automatically collect information from cookies (such as cookie ID and settings) to keep you logged in, to remember your preferences, to identify you and your device and to analyze your use of our service.
Device information
We may collect certain information about your device, such as its IP address, browser or client application information, language preference, operating system and application version, device type and ID, and device model and manufacturer. This information may include User Personal information.
Information we collect from third parties
Variant may collect User Personal Information from third parties. For example, this may happen if you sign up for training or to receive information about Variant from one of our vendors, partners, or affiliates. Variant does not purchase User Personal Information from third-party data brokers.
What information Variant does not collect
We do not intentionally collect “
Sensitive Personal Information
”, such as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. If you choose to store any Sensitive Personal Information on our servers, you are responsible for complying with any regulatory controls regarding that data.
If you are a child under the age of 13, you may not have an Account on Variant. Variant does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under 13. If we learn or have reason to suspect that you are a User who is under the age of 13, we will have to close your Account. We don't want to discourage you from learning to code, but those are the rules. Please see our Terms of Service for information about Account termination. Different countries may have different minimum age limits, and if you are below the minimum age for providing consent for data collection in your country, you may not have an Account on Variant.
We do not intentionally collect User Personal Information that is
stored in your Team Accounts
or other free-form content inputs. Any personal information within a user's Teams are the responsibility of the Team owner.
How Variant uses your information
We may use your information for the following purposes:
We use your Registration Information to create your account, and to provide you the Service.
We use your Payment Information to provide you with the Paid Account service, the Marketplace service, the Sponsors Program, or any other Variant paid service you request.
We use your User Personal Information, specifically your username, to identify you on Variant.
We use your Profile Information to fill out your Account profile and to share that profile with other users if you ask us to.
We use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay,
and only for the reasons you’ve said that’s okay
. Please see our section on email communication for more information.
We use User Personal Information to respond to support requests.
We may use User Personal Information to invite you to take part in surveys, beta programs, or other research projects, subject, where necessary, to your consent .
We use Usage Information and Device Information to better understand how our Users use Variant and to improve our Website and Service.
We may use your User Personal Information if it is necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or attempts to harm Variant or our Users.
We may use your User Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations, protect our intellectual property, and enforce our Terms of Service.
We limit our use of your User Personal Information to the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement. If we need to use your User Personal Information for other purposes, we will ask your permission first.
Our legal bases for processing information
To the extent that our processing of your User Personal Information is subject to certain international laws, Variant is required to notify you about the legal basis on which we process User Personal Information. Variant processes User Personal Information on the following legal bases:
Contract Performance:
When you create a Variant Account, you provide your Registration Information. We require this information for you to enter into the Terms of Service agreement with us, and we process that information on the basis of performing that contract. We also process your username and email address on other legal bases, as described below.
If you have a paid Account with us, we collect and process additional Payment Information on the basis of performing that contract.
Consent:
We rely on your consent to use your User Personal Information under the following circumstances: when you fill out the information in your user profile; when you decide to participate in a Variant training, research project, beta program, or survey; and for marketing purposes, where applicable. All of this User Personal Information is entirely optional, and you have the ability to access, modify, and delete it at any time, with the exception of your email adress which is used to uniquely identify you. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
Legitimate Interests:
Generally, the remainder of the processing of User Personal Information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest, for example, for legal compliance purposes, security purposes, or to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of Variant’s systems, Website, and Service.
If you would like to request deletion of data we process on the basis of consent or if you object to our processing of personal information, please email support@variant3d.com
How we share the information we collect
We may share your User Personal Information with third parties under one of the following circumstances:
With your consent
We share your User Personal Information, if you consent, after letting you know what information will be shared, with whom, and why. Additionally, you may direct us through your actions on Variant to share your User Personal Information. For example, if you join a Team, you indicate your willingness to provide the owner of the Team with the ability to view your activity in the Team's access log.
With service providers
We share User Personal Information with a limited number of service providers who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our Service, and who have agreed to privacy restrictions similar to the ones in our Privacy Statement by signing data protection agreements or making similar commitments. Our service providers perform payment processing, customer support ticketing, network data transmission, security, and other similar services. While Variant processes all User Personal Information in Australia or the United States, our service providers may process data outside of Australia & the United States.
For security purposes
If you are a member of a Team, Variant may share your username, Usage Information, and Device Information associated with that Team with an owner and/or administrator of the Team, to the extent that such information is provided only to investigate or respond to a security incident that affects or compromises the security of that particular Team.
For legal disclosure
Variant strives for transparency in complying with legal process and legal obligations. Unless prevented from doing so by law or court order, or in rare, exigent circumstances, we make a reasonable effort to notify users of any legally compelled or required disclosure of their information. Variant may disclose User Personal Information or other information we collect about you to law enforcement if required in response to a valid subpoena, court order, search warrant, a similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to protect our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large..
Change in control or sale
We may share User Personal Information if we are involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition of corporate entities or business units.
Aggregate, non-personally identifying information
We share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with others about how our users, collectively, use Variant, or how our users respond to our other offerings, such as our conferences or events.
We
do not
sell your User Personal Information for monetary or other consideration.
How you can access and control the information we collect
If you're already a Variant user, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic user profile information by editing your user profile or contacting support@variant3d.com. You can control the information we collect about you by limiting what information is in your profile, by keeping your information current, or by contacting support@variant3d.com.
If Variant processes information about you, such as information Variant receives from third parties, and you do not have an account, then you may, subject to applicable law, access, update, alter, delete, or object to the processing of your personal information by contacting support@variant3d.com.
Data retention and deletion of data
Generally, Variant retains User Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you would like to cancel your account or delete your User Personal Information, you may do so in your user profile. We retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile (within reason) within 90 days of your request.
Our use of cookies and tracking
Cookies
Variant only uses strictly necessary cookies. Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors.
We use cookies solely to provide, secure, and improve our service. For example, we use them to keep you logged in, remember your preferences, identify your device for security purposes, analyze your use of our service, compile statistical reports, and provide information for future development of Variant. We use our own cookies for analytics purposes, but do not use any third-party analytics service providers.
By using our service, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer or device. If you disable your browser or device’s ability to accept these cookies, you will not be able to log in or use our service.
Variant's global privacy practices
Variant Pty Ltd is the controller responsible for the processing of your personal information in connection with the Service, except when you and Variant have entered into a separate agreement that covers data privacy.
Our address is:
Variant, 65 Rosslyn St, West Melbourne, Victoria 3003, Australia
We store and process the information that we collect in Australia & the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement, though our service providers may store and process data outside Australia & the United States.
How we communicate with you
We use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay,
and only for the reasons you’ve said that’s okay
. For example, if you contact our Support team with a request, we respond to you via email.
Our emails may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email more effective for you and to make sure we’re not sending you unwanted email.
Resolving complaints
If you have concerns about the way Variant is handling your User Personal Information, please let us know immediately. We want to help. You may contact us by emailing us directly at support@variant3d.com with the subject line "Privacy Concerns." We will respond promptly — within 45 days at the latest.
Dispute resolution process
In the unlikely event that a dispute arises between you and Variant regarding our handling of your User Personal Information, we will do our best to resolve it.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Variant may change our Privacy Statement from time to time. We will provide notification to Users of material changes to this Privacy Statement through our Website at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our home page or sending email to the primary email address specified in your Variant account.
Contacting Variant
Questions regarding Variant's Privacy Statement or information practices should be directed to support@variant3d.com.
Terms of Service
Variant Corporate Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policies
Privacy Statement
×
Let's talk.
We'd love to chat about how quicklooks can increase your sales. Tell us a bit about your
                         business and we'll get in touch.
Your name
Your email
Message (optional)
Send
×
Get in touch
If you have any questions, or want to learn how Variant can help
            your organisation specifically, we'd love to hear from you.
Book a Call