Privacy Policy
Freebackgroundremover andriod app/iOS app/website removes the background of the desired image freely, keeping its quality well-maintained. Moreover, it demands some privacy policies that you must go through. The purpose of those policies is to inform visitors of what the website is about to do with your data. We never disclose your files or use them to improve our products. Check on the privacy policies below to learn more;
1. Auto deletion
Our website automatically deletes your requested images from the source. Our server doesn’t save your private data. After background removal, it safely removes the image files from the backend to ensure your data privacy
2. Restricted from third-party access
Our tool facilitates users with end-to-end encryption. Whatever data you are sharing on this website, remains protected from any third-party access. Our tool prohibits unauthorized access to your data. Furthermore, no one else can view or steal your sensitive data files.
3. Personal information transfer
We do not share your personal information with third parties. However, with the consent of the user, we may disclose it to law enforcement authorities to detect any unauthorized activity. Otherwise, it does not transfer data in any situation and deletes it immediately after the completion of the process.
4. Data processing
If a user contacts us via phone or email, our website undergoes your data processing. The purpose is to solve all your personal inquiries to establish contract acquisition. In addition, there can be data processing regarding business relationships and for personal purposes on your consent.
5.Cookies
Our website uses security cookies. It not only helps users protect against fraud or uncertified users but also ensures their privacy while interacting with this service. These cookies save your information so that you can reprocess them whenever you visit our page again. However, you can also remove these stored cookies manually from the web browser if you delete temporary internet files.
6.Safe Download
Our website ensures users about safe downloads. When a user uploads an image on the source, he gets a safe image background removal. The image's original quality is also well-maintained. The whole download procedure is safe from any kind of malware or third-party access. A user can get unlimited image downloads without any delay.
7.How we protect your personal information
There may be confidential data processing in countries other than where you are located. However, the laws to protect your information between countries may be different. We provide complete surety that your personal details remain secured in accordance with suitable data protection laws and our privacy policy. Else, there is the implementation of common contractual clauses.
8.Information Receiving Policy
Our application server receives data that your internet browser transfers to us. Google analytics accesses computer IP addresses, app information, browser identification, location data, the website from which you access our services, and the operating system used. Google provides information regarding how you interact with our services like the links you click, the purchasing behavior, the features you make use of, the pages you view, and session duration. Further, that information enables us to make improvements in the relevance or quality of our services. We can also collect your data to create statistics that we employ to promote the services of our app.
Further information on how Google collects this data can be found at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
9.User rights
You have the following rights;
To object to illegitimate processing
To request data portability
To access info we are processing about you
To restrict your data processing
You can implement all of the above rights by simply contacting us. There is a quick response to all queries in accordance with laws.
You have the right to reject market communications we used to send at any time. All it demands is clicking on the “opt-out” link. Or you can simply unsubscribe from it.
Despite the above, you are also in free hands to file a complaint with a supervisor authority against us.
10.Data retain policy
In manual services, the private information we collect from you is retained until we have completely processed your data. Otherwise, after completion we destroy it.
11.Policy amendments
In case there are changes in Google's privacy policy. There may be time-to-time updates in our policies as well, ensuring compliance with applicable laws and highlighting our current practice. If we make any changes to the way we collect, secure, or transfer your confidential details, we would take some crucial steps to inform you. However, it is recommended to keep a check on our policies from time to time to stay notified.
12.App Advertisement
Our app is using Google AdMob advertisements. For the purpose of use, informative data to be acquired, and provision to third parties, please consider the following page.
https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/10502938?hl=en&ref_topic=1250104
13.Andriod App Persmissions
Our app requires the following permissions from users:
Internet
-for advertisements display purpose
-for crashlytics and firebase analytics
Photos
The processing of your photos is only inside your device. Our apps protect your data and never share your photos the outside your device or any other source.
We ensure our apps do not collect your facial data and never share them with any third-party source.
Storage
We don't store your private files. Temporary photo files for ‘’Redo’’, ‘’Resume’’, ‘’Undo’’ and many others may be saved in the app’s storage area. These files are never disclosed to the outside source and upon the deletion of the app, we will also delete them from the device.
14.iOS App Permissions
Our app requires the following permissions from users:
Camera Usage
We don’t require your camera information for our app functionality. Our user's privacy is a foremost concern for us.
Microphone Usage
Our app for iOS users doesn’t acquire microphone usage permission without consent. If we ever require to access it, we must consider the privacy laws and never share the data with a third party.
Network
We won't use your private data through your network and never share it outside the device. We never violate privacy laws and never access your data through your network without permission while using this app.
Photos
Your photo processing is only inside your device. Our app protects your data and never shares your images with any other outside source.
We do not collect your facial information and never share them with a third party.
Storage
We never store your sensitive data files. Temporary image files for ‘’Resume’’, ‘’Undo’’, ‘’Redo’’ and so on may be saved in the storage part of the app. We never reveal it to any third-party source and upon the deletion of the app, we will also delete them from the device.
Use in EAA
EU proposed General Data Protection Rule (GDPR) for data privacy. Compliance with the law in terms of application distribution in the European Economic Area (EEA) store ensures that it is being used within the regulatory parameters. It should be according to the Google AdMob Content Library. User is free to choose in matters of personalized or non-personalized ads display. Adding more to it, user permission is valid for the analysis with Firebase Analytics and Crashlytics.
Contact us
If you have any queries, concerns, or suggestions about the way we use your private data or regarding this privacy policy, do contact us at:
info@freebackgroundremover.com
Copyright © 2025.
Free Background Remover
|
Managed by Ozwebdevelopment
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語