CloudBit Mobile Apps Privacy Policy
This is as a Freemium app. The app is provided at no cost and is intended
            for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding policies with the
            collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided
            to use this app.
If you choose to use this app, then you agree to the collection and use of
            information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that is
            collected is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or
            share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
            Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
            Terms and Conditions, which are also accessible in the mobile app unless
            otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Data collection
We want to inform you that we do not collect any kind of personal data
            whenever you use our app. But your personal data may be collected by our
            3rd party partner used for Advertising (Google AdMob). This personal data
            includes device identifiers and device advertising ids. Google AdMob may
            use this for personalized advertising. If you want to opt-out of personal
            advertising please visit this
link
. Google
            Privacy policies are available
here
. How you can control data
            collected by Google is described
here.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use the app, in a case of an error
            in the app we may collect data and information (through third-party
            products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include
            information such as your device name, operating system version, the
            configuration of the app, the time and date of your use of the app, and
            other statistics. This data does not contain any personally identifiable
            information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as
            anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the
            websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This app does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use
            third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information
            and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
            these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
            choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
            this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following
            reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have
            access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
            assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
            disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are
            striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But
            remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
            electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
            its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party
            link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites
            are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the
            Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no
            responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
            third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
                children. We encourage all children to never submit any personally
                identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. We
                encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's
                Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their
                children never to provide personally identifiable information through
                the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have
                reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable
                information to us through the Application and/or Services, please
                contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the
                processing of your personally identifiable information in your country
                (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your
                behalf).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised
            to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any
            changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2024-12-04