Home
Products
Contact
Open on App Store
Home
Products
Contact
Open on App Store
Update: 1 June 2022
Privacy & Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
We at Human Apps F.Z.E (“Human Apps”, “we”, “us”), respect your privacy and want you to understand what the personal data we collect, how we collec, use, and share data about you. This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights to access, correct, or restrict our use of your personal data. By using a Human Apps  applications (“Apps”), https://humanapps.net/ (“Site”, “Sites”) you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use any Human Apps Applications and Sites. This Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apps (Sites) of this publisher.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions
, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Information for Residents of California: Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") may provide you with rights that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our use of your personal information. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) California residents shall have the right to request:
the categories of personal information that is processed;
the categories of sources from which personal information is obtained;
the purpose for processing of user personal data;
the categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we might have obtained about a particular user provided that the data given in the request is reliable enough and allows to identify the user.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, or your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code) in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “What are my opt-out rights?” below.
About collection precise real time location information of the device
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. We may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, the analytics services we use may use the IP address or other data to identify the city where you are using the Application; or we may use your device’s app store or locale settings to determine the country where you are likely using the Application. We use this information to link you to the app store for the country you are in, or to improve the relevance of the ads you see, or to collect anonymous statistics about where the Application is being used.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
User Provided Information
The Application collects information about the words you are learning to provide a targeted learning experience for you. This can include information such as the number of times a word is shown to you, the number of times the audio of a word is played, the last time you’ve seen a word, or how frequently you wish to review a word.
You may also record your voice to provide yourself feedback on your pronunciation of the foreign language. These recordings are only used for playback to you and are not transferred or copied off of the device except as your own backup of the Application data. Using the voice recording feature is entirely optional. Some mobile operating systems, such as iOS version 8, allow you to deny the Application the ability to do any kind of audio recording. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you permit the Application the ability to do audio recording.
You may provide other information, including: (a) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (b) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Collected Information:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If a manager cloud app is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
To advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section above
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under 13. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
support@humanapps.net