KILLSTAR PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 23rd Jan, 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how Draco Distribution, Inc., Draco Distribution LTD, Draco Distribution GmbH, and their respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies, each doing business as Killstar (collectively, “
Killstar
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”), collect, use, and disclose your personal data (hereinafter also referred to as “data”). This Privacy Policy applies to all processing of personal data carried out by us when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “
Services
”), shop in our websites, currently located at killstar.com, us.killstar.com, and eu.killstar.com, contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
With regard to the terms used in our EU Privacy Policy which addresses to the use or users who are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as "processing" or "person responsible/responsible person", we refer to the definitions in the GDPR (see Art. 4 GDPR). Furthermore, we want to advise users who are subject to the GDPR of the rights they are entitled to under GDPR, the so-called data subject rights.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
RESPONSIBLE PERSON
OVERVIEW OF THE PROCESSING
RELEVANT LEGAL BASES
SAFETY MEASURES
SHARING OF INFORMATION
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
DATA PROCESSING IN THIRD COUNTRIES
USE OF COOKIES
CHILDREN
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
YOUR CHOICES
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
GET IN TOUCH
RESPONSIBLE PERSON
Responsible for data processing within the meaning of the GDPR is
Chris Anderson - ﻿Managing Director
KILLSTAR
Draco Distribution GmbH
89 Säntisstraße
12277 Berlin
Germany
Tel.: +49162 743 0938
Email: chrisa@killstar.com
Contact person for all data protection matters within KILLSTAR is:
For individuals in the European Union/EEA:
Chris Anderson, chrisa@killstar.com,
+49162 743 0938
For individuals in Switzerland:
Chris Anderson, chrisa@killstar.com,
+49162 743 0938
OVERVIEW OF THE PROCESSING
The following overview summarizes the types of data processed and the purposes of their processing and refers to the data subjects.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you share information directly with us when you create an account, fill out a form, submit content through our Services, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card and other payment information (although note that we do not store full credit card numbers as all payment transactions are processed by our third-party payment processors), and any other information you choose to provide, such as your social media handles.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us
When you access or use our Services or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect certain information, including:
Activity
Information:
We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as items you look at on our website, search terms you enter, session recordings, and other activity on our Services.
Transactional Information:
When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information:
We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Location Information:
We may collect information about the precise location of your device. You may stop the collection of precise location information at any time (see the
Your Choices
section below for details).
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We (and our service providers) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness (such as opening of emails, forwarding of emails, clicking of links, and time, date, and frequency of activity). For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see our
Cookie Policy
and the
Your Choices
section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from payment processors, advertising networks, e-commerce platforms, social media providers, and data analytics providers.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or infer that you may qualify for free shipping thresholds or are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.
Types of Processed Data
Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses)
Content data (e.g. entries in online forms)
Contact details (e.g. email, telephone numbers)
Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses)
Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in respect of content, access times)
Contract data (e.g. subject of the contract, contract term, customer category)
Payment data (e.g. bank details, invoices, payment history)
Event data (Facebook) (“Event data” are data that can be transmitted from us to Facebook, for example via Facebook pixels (via apps or in other ways) and relate to people or their actions; these data include, for example, information about visits to websites, interactions with content, functions, installation of apps, purchases of products, etc.; the event data is processed in order to create target groups for content and advertising information (custom audiences); event data do not contain the actual content (such as written comments), no login information and no contact information (i.e. no names, email addresses and telephone numbers). Facebook will delete event data after a maximum of two years formed target groups with the deletion of our Facebook account).
Categories of Data Subjects
Customers
Business and contractual partners
Employees (e.g. employees, applicants, former employees)
Interested persons
Communication partner
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services)
Purposes of Processing
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services. The Purposes of processing your personal data are:
Provision of
our online offer and improvement of user-friendliness
Processing of transactions and returns, and sending you related information, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, customer experience surveys, and recall notices;
Conversion measurement (measurement of the effectiveness of marketing measures)
Office and organizational procedures
Click tracking and affiliate tracking
Marketing and Direct marketing (e.g. by email or post)
Heatmaps (mouse movements on the part of the user, which are summarized into an overall picture)
Contact requests and communication; Communication about products, services, and events offered by Killstar and others and provision of news and information that we think will be of interest you (see the
Your Choices
section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time)
Profiles with user-related information (creation of user profiles)
Range measurement (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors)
Safety measures; Detecting, investigating and preventing security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and protection of the rights and property of Killstar and others
Provision of contractual services and customer service
Management and answering of inquiries, sending you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; responding to your comments and questions and providing customer service
Target group formation (determination of target groups relevant for marketing purposes or other output of content)
Provision and administration our loyalty program
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalization of the advertisements on third-party platforms and websites (for more information, see the
Advertising and Analytics
section below)
Personalization of the advertisements when using our Services based on information provided by our advertising partners
Facilitation of contests, sweepstakes and promotions and processing and delivering entries and rewards;
Compliance with our legal and financial obligations
Carrying out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected
Recruiting, applicant management and establishment of employment relationships
Processing in the Context of our Business Services
We may process personal data from our contractual and business partners, e.g. customers and interested parties (collectively referred to as “contractual partners”) in the context of contractual, pre-contractual and comparable legal relationships as well as related measures and in the context of communication with these contractual partners, e.g. to answer requests.
We process these data to fulfill our contractual obligations, to ensure our rights to fulfill our administrative tasks as well as for purposes of our business organization. We only pass on these data to third parties within the framework of applicable law and to the extent that this is necessary for the aforementioned purposes, to fulfill legal obligations or with the consent of the persons concerned (e.g. to telecommunications, transport and other auxiliary services involved as well Subcontractors, banks, tax and legal advisors, payment service providers or tax authorities).
We will delete data after the expiry of statutory warranty and comparable obligations, unless the data is stored in a customer account, e.g. as long as it legally has to be kept for archiving reasons (e.g. for tax purposes). We delete data that has been disclosed to us by the contractual partner in the context of an order in accordance with the specifications of the order, generally after the end of the order.
Insofar as we use third-party providers or platforms to provide our services, the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or platforms apply within the relationship between the users and the providers.
Customer account:
Customers/contractual partners can create an account (KILLSTAR VIP account) within our online offer. If the registration of a customer account is required, contractual partners will be informed of this as well as the information required for registration. Customer accounts are not public and cannot be indexed by search engines. As part of the registration as well as subsequent logins and uses of the customer account, we save the IP-addresses of the customers along with the access times in order to be able to prove the registration and prevent any misuse of the customer account.
If customers have terminated their customer account, any data relating to the customer account will be deleted, subject to their retention being required for legal reasons. It is the customer's responsibility to secure their data if the customer account is terminated.
Economic analyzes and market research:
For economic reasons and in order to be able to recognize market trends, wishes of the contractual partners and users, we analyze the data available to us on business transactions, contracts, inquiries, etc., whereby contractual partners, interested parties, customers, Visitors and users of our online offer can fall.
The analyzes are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing and market research (e.g. to determine customer groups with different characteristics). In doing so, we can, if available, take into account the profiles of registered users including their details, e.g. on services used. The analyzes exclusively serve us and therefore will not be disclosed externally, unless they are anonymous analyzes with summarized, i.e. anonymized, values. We take the privacy of users very seriously and, if possible, process the data for analysis purposes pseudonymized respectively anonymized, if feasible (e.g. as summarized data).
Shop and e-commerce:
We process your data as customers in order to enable you to select, purchase or order the selected products, goods and related services, as well as their payment and delivery or execution. If necessary for the execution of an order, we use service providers, in particular postal, forwarding and shipping companies, to carry out the delivery or execution for our customers. We use the services of banks and payment service providers to process payment transactions. The information required is marked as such in the context of the order or comparable purchase process and includes the information required for delivery or provision and billing as well as contact information in order to be able to confer with our customers, if necessary.
Payment Methods
In the context of contractual and other legal relationships, due to legal obligations or otherwise based on our legitimate interests, we offer the data subjects efficient and secure payment options and use other service providers in addition to banks and credit institutions (collectively, “payment service providers”).
The data processed by the payment service provider includes inventory data such as name and address, bank data such as account numbers or credit card numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums as well as contract, sum and recipient-related information. The information is required to carry out the transactions. However, the data entered will only be processed and stored by the payment service providers. This means that we do not receive any account or credit card-related information, but only information with confirmation or negative information about the payment. The data may be transmitted to credit agencies by the payment service provider. The purpose of this transmission is to check your identity and creditworthiness. For this we refer to the terms and conditions and the data protection information of the payment service providers.
Used services and service providers:
Signifyd:
commerce protection platform; Service provider: Signifyd Inc.
2540 North First Street, Suite 300, San Jose, CA 95131; Website: https://www.signifyd.com; Privacy Policy:
https://www.signifyd.com/privacy/
AfterPay:
payment processing after receipt of the goods; Service provider: Arvato Payment Solutions GmbH, Gütersloher Str. 123, 33415 Verl under the name of AfterPay; Privacy Policy: https://www.myafterpay.com/de-de/compliance/dataprotection
Klarna:
instant bank transfer; payment services; Service provider: Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden; Website: https://www.klarna.com/de/; Privacy Policy: https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/
PayPal:
payment services and solutions (e.g. PayPal, PayPal Plus, Braintree); Service provider: PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg; Website: https://www.paypal.com/de; Privacy Policy:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Stripe:
Payment Services; Service provider: Stripe, Inc., 510 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; Website: https://stripe.com; Data protection declaration:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
ApplePay:
mobile payment and digital wallet service;
Website:
https://www.apple.com/de/apple-pay/
; Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/de/legal/privacy/de-ww/
Amazon Payments:
online payments processing service; Service provider: Amazon Payments, Inc., 410 Terry Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109-5210; Website: https://pay.amazon.com; Privacy Policy: https://pay.amazon.de/help/201212490?
Clearpay:
payment processing solutions; Service Provider: ClearPay Financial Solutions
10000 Innovation Dr. Ste 160, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53226
; Website:
https://www.clearpay.com
; Privacy Policy (not available for Germany) for UK: https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/privacy-policy/ or for France:
https://www.clearpay.com/fr/politique-confidentialite/
Provision of the Online Offer and Web Hosting
In order to be able to provide our online offer safely and efficiently, we use the services of one or several web hosting providers, from whose servers (or servers managed by them) our online offer can be accessed. For these purposes, we can use infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services as well as security services and technical maintenance services.
The data processed as part of the provision of the hosting offer can include all information relating to the users of our online offer that is generated in the context of use and communication. This regularly includes the IP-address, which is necessary in order to be able to deliver the content of online offers to browsers, and all entries made within our online offer or from websites.
Collection of access data and log files: We (or our web hosting provider) collect data on every access to the server (so-called server log files). The server log files can include the address and name of the websites and files accessed, the date and time of access, the amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page) and, as a rule, IP-addresses and the requesting provider belong.
The server log files can be used on the one hand for security purposes, e.g. to avoid overloading the server (especially in the case of abusive attacks, so-called DDoS attacks) and on the other hand to ensure the load on the servers and their stability.
Registration, Login and User Account
Users may create a user account. As part of the registration, the required mandatory information is communicated to the users and processed for the purpose of providing the user account on the basis of contractual obligations. The processed data includes, in particular, the login information (user name, password and an email address).
As part of the use of our registration and login functions as well as the use of the user account, we save the IP-address and the time of the respective user action. The storage is based on our legitimate interests as well as those of the users in protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. A transfer of this data to third parties does not take place, unless it is necessary to pursue our claims or there is a legal obligation to do so. Users can be informed by email about processes that are relevant to their user account, such as technical changes.
Blogs and Publication Media
We use blogs or comparable means of online communication and publication (hereinafter “publication medium”). The data of the readers are only processed for the purposes of the publication medium to the extent that it is necessary for its presentation and communication between authors and readers or for reasons of security. In addition, we refer to the information on the processing of visitors to our publication medium in the context of this data protection notice.
If users leave comments or other contributions, their IP-addresses can be saved on the basis of our legitimate interests. This is done for our safety if someone leaves illegal content in comments and contributions (insults, prohibited political propaganda, etc.). In this case we can be prosecuted for the comment or contribution and are therefore interested in the identity of the author.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to process user information for the purpose of spam detection on the basis of our legitimate interests. On the same legal basis, we reserve the right to save the IP-addresses of users for the duration of surveys and to use cookies in order to avoid multiple votes.
The personal information communicated in the context of the comments and contributions, any contact and website information as well as the content will be stored permanently by us until the user objects.
Contact
When you contact us (e.g. via contact form, email, telephone or via social media), the details of the inquiring person are processed, insofar as this is necessary to answer the request and any requested measures.
The answering of contact requests in the context of contractual or pre-contractual relationships takes place to fulfill our contractual obligations or to answer (pre-)contractual inquiries and otherwise on the basis of the legitimate interests in answering the request.
Cloud Services
We use software services (so-called “cloud services”, also known as “software as a service”) that are accessible via the Internet and run on the servers of their providers for the following purposes: document storage and administration, calendar management, sending e-mails, spreadsheets and presentations, exchange of documents, content and information with specific recipients or publication of websites, forms or other content and information as well as chats and participation in audio and video conferences.
In this context, personal data can be processed and stored on the servers of the provider, insofar as they are part of communication processes with us or otherwise processed by us, as set out in this privacy policy. This data can include, in particular, master data and contact details of the users, data on transactions, contracts, other processes and their content. The cloud service providers also process usage data and metadata, which they use for security purposes and for service optimization.
If we use cloud services to provide forms or other documents and content for other users or publicly accessible websites, the providers can place cookies on the users' devices for the purposes of web analysis or to change user settings (e.g. in the case of media control) remember, save.
Newsletter and Electronic Notifications
We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications (hereinafter “newsletter”) only with the explicit consent of the recipient or with legal permission. If the contents of the newsletter are specifically described when registering for the newsletter, they are decisive for the consent of the user. Incidentally, our newsletters contain information about our services and us.
The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called
double opt-in procedure
. This means that after registration you will receive an email in which you will be asked to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that nobody can register with someone else's email-address. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process in accordance with the legal requirements. This includes storing the time of registration and confirmation as well as the IP-address. Changes to your data stored by the shipping service provider are also logged.
We can store the unsubscribed email-addresses
for up to three years
on the basis of our legitimate interests before we erase them in order to be able to prove a previously given consent. The processing of this data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual request for erasure is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time. If we are obliged to permanently observe contradictions, we reserve the right to store the email-address in a blacklist for this purpose alone (so-called “blocklist”).
The logging of the registration process takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests for the purpose of proving that it has proceeded properly. If we commission a service provider to send e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests in an efficient and secure mailing system.
Notes on legal bases:
The newsletter is sent on the basis of the recipient's consent or, if consent is not required, on the basis of our legitimate interests in direct marketing, if and to the extent that this is permitted by law, e.g. in the case of advertising to existing customers. If we commission a service provider to send e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests. The registration process is recorded based on our legitimate interests to demonstrate that it was carried out in accordance with the law.
Contents: Information about us, our services, promotions, offers and legal issues.
Measurement of opening and clickrates:
The newsletters contain a so-called "web beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from our server when the newsletter is opened or, if we use a shipping service provider, from its server. As part of this retrieval, technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP-address and the time of retrieval, is initially collected.
This information is used for the technical improvement of our newsletter based on the technical data or the target groups and their reading behavior based on their retrieval locations (which can be determined with the help of the IP address) or the access times. This analysis also includes determining whether the newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are clicked. This information is assigned to the individual newsletter recipients and stored in their profiles until they are deleted. The evaluations enable us to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users.
The measurement of the opening rates and the click rates as well as the storage of the measurement results in the profiles of the users as well as their further processing are based on the consent of the users. A separate revocation of the success measurement is unfortunately not possible, in this case the entire newsletter subscription must be canceled or contradicted. In this case, the saved profile information will be deleted.
Web Analysis, Monitoring and Optimization
The web analysis (also known as “reach measurement”) is used to evaluate the flow of visitors to our online offer and may include behavior, interests or demographic information about the visitors, such as age or gender, as pseudonymous values. With the help of the reach analysis, we can, for example, recognize at which time our online offer or its functions or content are used most often or invite you to reuse. We can also understand which areas need optimization.
In addition to web analysis, we can also use test procedures, e.g. to test and optimize different versions of our online offer or its components.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles can be created and saved in a file (so-called “cookie”) or similar processes can be used for the same purpose. This information may include, for example, the content viewed, websites visited and the elements and technical information used there, such as the browser used, the computer system used and information on times of use. If users have consented to their location data being collected, this can also be processed, depending on the provider.
The IP-addresses of the users are also saved. However, we use an IP masking process (i.e. pseudonymization by shortening the IP-address) to protect users. In general, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) are stored in the context of web analysis, A/B testing and optimization, but pseudonyms. This means that we and the providers of the software used do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles for the purposes of the respective procedures.
Online Marketing
We process personal data for online marketing purposes, which can include in particular the marketing of advertising space or the presentation of advertising and other content (collectively referred to as “content”) based on the potential interests of users and the measurement of their effectiveness.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles are created and stored in a file (so-called “cookie”) or similar processes are used, by means of which the user information relevant to the presentation of the aforementioned content is saved. This information can include content viewed, websites visited, online networks used, but also communication partners and technical information such as the browser used, the computer system used and information on usage times. If users have consented to the collection of their location data, these can also be processed.
The IP-addresses of the users are also saved. However, we use available IP-masking procedures (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP-address) to protect users. In general, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) is saved as part of the online marketing process, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as well as the providers of online marketing processes, do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles.
The information in the profiles is usually stored in the cookies or by means of similar processes. These cookies can later generally also be read out on other websites that use the same online marketing process, analyzed for the purpose of displaying content and supplemented with additional data and stored on the server of the online marketing process provider.
As an exception, clear data can be assigned to the profiles. This is the case if the users are, for example, members of a social network whose online marketing process we use and the network connects the profiles of the users with the aforementioned information. We ask you to note that users can make additional agreements with the providers, e.g. through consent during registration.
In principle, we only have access to summarized information about the success of our advertisements. However, we can use so-called conversion measurements to check which of our online marketing processes have led to a so-called conversion, i.e., for example, to the conclusion of a contract with us. The conversion measurement is used solely to analyze the success of our marketing measures.
Unless otherwise stated, we ask you to assume that the cookies used will be stored for a period of two years.
Facebook pixel and target group formation (custom audiences):
With the help of the Facebook pixel (or comparable functions, for the transmission of event data or contact information by means of interfaces in apps), Facebook is on the one hand able to target the visitors of our online offer as a target group for the presentation of advertisements (so-called “Facebook Ads” ) to be determined. Accordingly, we use the Facebook pixel to only send the Facebook ads placed by us to those users on Facebook and within the services of the partners cooperating with Facebook (so-called “Audience Network” https://www.facebook.com/audiencenetwork/ ) who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interest in certain topics or products that can be seen from the websites visited) that we transmit to Facebook (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of the Facebook pixel, we would also like to ensure that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the users and are not annoying. With the help of the Facebook pixel, we can also understand the effectiveness of the Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook advertisement (so-called "conversion measurement").
Together with Facebook Ireland Ltd. we are jointly responsible for the collection or receipt as part of a transmission (but not the further processing) of “event data” that Facebook collects using the Facebook pixel and comparable functions (e.g. interfaces) that are carried out on our online offer or received as part of a transmission for the following purposes: a) Display of content advertising information that corresponds to the presumed interests of the users; b) Delivery of commercial and transaction-related messages (e.g. addressing users via Facebook Messenger); c) Improving the delivery of advertisements and personalizing functions and content (e.g. improving the detection of which content or advertising information presumably corresponds to the interests of the users). We have concluded a special agreement with Facebook (“Addendum for controllers”, https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum), which regulates in particular which security measures Facebook has to observe (https: //www.facebook. com / legal / terms / data_security_terms) and in which Facebook has agreed to fulfill the rights of the data subject (i.e. users can, for example, send information or deletion requests directly to Facebook). Note: If Facebook provides us with measured values, analyzes and reports (which are aggregated, i.e. do not receive any information about individual users and are anonymous to us), then this processing does not take place within the framework of joint responsibility, but on the basis of an order processing contract ("data processing conditions") , https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing), the “data security conditions” (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/data_security_terms) and with regard to processing in the USA based on of standard contractual clauses (“Facebook-EU-data transfer addendum”, https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum). The rights of users (in particular to information, deletion, objection and complaint to the competent supervisory authority) are not restricted by the agreements with Facebook.
Social Media
We maintain an online presence within social networks and process user data in this context in order to communicate with the users active there or to offer information about us.
We would like to point out that user data can be processed outside of the European Union. This can result in risks for the user because, for example, the enforcement of the users' rights could be made more difficult.
Furthermore, the data of users within social networks are usually processed for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles can be created based on user behavior and the resulting interests of the user. The usage profiles can in turn be used, for example, to place advertisements inside and outside the networks that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and the interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them).
For a detailed description of the respective forms of processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out), we refer to the data protection declarations and information provided by the operators of the respective networks.
In the case of requests for information and the assertion of data subject rights, we point out that these can be most effectively asserted with the providers. Only the providers have access to the data of the users and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us.
Plugins and Embedded Functions as well as Content
We incorporate functional and content elements into our online offer that are obtained from the servers of their respective providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party providers”). This can be, for example, graphics, videos or city maps (hereinafter referred to as “content”).
The integration always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content process the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they would not be able to send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required for the display of this content or functions. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as “web beacons”) for statistical or marketing purposes. The “pixel tags” can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information about the browser and operating system, the websites to be referred to, the time of visit and other information about the use of our online offer, as well as being linked to information from other sources.
Third Party Providers, Support Tools
We use services, platforms and software from other providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party providers”) for the purposes of organizing, managing, planning and providing our services. When selecting third-party providers and their services, we observe the legal requirements.
In this context, personal data can be processed and stored on the servers of the third-party providers. This can affect various data that we process in accordance with this data protection declaration. This data can in particular include master data and contact details of the users, data on transactions, contracts, other processes and their content.
RELEVANT LEGAL BASES
Below you will find an overview of the legal bases of the GDPR on which we base the processing of personal data. Please note that in addition to the provisions of the GDPR, national data protection regulations of your or of our country of residence or domicile may apply.
Consent
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a. GDPR) - the person concerned has given their consent to the processing of their personal data for a specific purpose or for several specific purposes
Fulfillment of the contract and pre-contractual inquiries
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b. GDPR) - the processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract to which the data subject is a party, or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures that are requested by the data subject respectively.
Legal obligation
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. c. GDPR) - the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the person responsible is subject.
Legitimate interests
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f. GDPR) - processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible or a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, which protect personal data require, predominate.
National data protection regulations in the different European countries Germany:
In addition to the data protection regulations of the GDPR, national data protection regulations apply in all EU member states. These include in particular the law on the protection against misuse of personal data during data processing, the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) in Germany, the Federal Act concerning the Protection of Personal Data (DSG) in Austria and all the different data protection laws of the various EU member states.
SAFETY MEASURES
In accordance with the legal requirements we take appropriate technical and organizational measures, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, circumstances and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
These measures include, in particular, ensuring the ongoing confidentiality, integrity an availability of data by controlling physical and electronic access to the data as well as the access, input, transfer, ensuring availability and their separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures to ensure the exercise of data subject rights, the deletion of data and the required reactions to the threat to the data. Furthermore, we consider the protection of personal data already in the development or selection of hardware, software and procedures in accordance with the principle of data protection by design and by default.
Shortening of the IP-address:
If IP-addresses are processed by us or by the service providers and technologies used and provided that the processing of a full IP-address is not required, the IP-address will be shortened (also referred to as IP-masking). The last two digits or the last part of the IP-address after a point are removed or replaced by placeholders. The shortening of the IP-address is intended to prevent or to complicate the identification of a person by using their IP-address.
SSL encryption (https):
We use SSL encryption to protect your data transmitted via our online offer. You can recognize such encrypted connections by the prefix https: // in the address line of your browser.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
As part of our processing of personal data, it may happen that the data is transmitted to other entities, companies, legally independent organizational units or persons or they are disclosed to them. We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising. In such cases, we observe the legal requirements and, in particular, conclude corresponding contracts or agreements that serve to protect your data with the recipients of your data.
If you submit a product review or post content in another public area of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our
T&Cs
or other user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Killstar, our users, the public, or others.
We may share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, provided the data transfer is necessary or if you have given your consent.
Personal information might be shared between and transferred to other companies within our group of companies including current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership. If this transfer takes place for administrative purposes, the transfer of the data is based on our legitimate entrepreneurial and economic interests or takes place if it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations or if the consent of the person concerned or a legal permission is available
We share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
Draco Distribution, Inc. (operator of Killstar) is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
DATA PROCESSING IN THIRD COUNTRIES
We process your personal data in, as defined by the GDPR, so called third countries (i.e. outside the European Union, EU, respectively outside the European Economic Area, EEA) specifically in the USA and in the UK. Furthermore, the processing of personal data in third countries might take place within the use of third-party-services or within the disclosure or transfer to other persons, offices or companies. However, this is only done in accordance with the legal requirements.
Subject to express consent or contractually or legally required transfer, we only process or have the data processed in other third countries with a recognized level of data protection, contractual obligation through so-called
standard contract clauses (SCC) of the EU Commission
, in the presence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations (Art. 44 to 49 GDPR). For more information please contact the information page of the EU Commission:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_de
.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are text files that contain data from websites or domains visited. They and are stored on the user's computer by a browser. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user during or after their visit to an online offer. The stored information may include, for example, the language settings on a website, the login status, a shopping cart or the location where a video was viewed. The term “cookies” also includes other technologies that perform the same functions as cookies (e.g. if user information is stored using pseudonymous online identifiers, also known as “user IDs”).
A distinction is made between the following types of cookies and functions:
Temporary cookies (also: session cookies): Temporary cookies are deleted at the latest after a user has left an online offer and closed their browser.
Permanent cookies: Permanent cookies are saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status can be saved or preferred content can be displayed directly when the user visits a website again. The interests of users who are used to measure reach or for marketing purposes can also be stored in such a cookie.
First-party cookies: We set first-party cookies ourselves.
Third-party cookies: Third-party cookies are mainly used by advertisers (so-called third parties) to process user information.
Necessary cookies (also: essential cookies): Some cookies may be absolutely necessary for the operation of a website (e.g. to save logins or other user input or for security reasons).
Statistics, marketing and personalization cookies: In addition, cookies are usually also used in the context of range measurement and when the interests of a user or his behavior (e.g. viewing certain content, use of functions, etc.) are saved on individual websites in a user profile. Such profiles are used to show users, for example, content that corresponds to their potential interests. This process is also known as “tracking”, i.e. following up the potential interests of users. Insofar as we use cookies or “tracking” technologies, we will inform you separately in our data protection declaration or in the context of obtaining consent.
For more information please visit our
Cookie Policy under
https://eu.killstar.com/pages/cookie-policy
.
Notes on legal bases:
The legal basis on which we process your personal data with the help of cookies depends on whether we ask for your consent. If so and if you consent to the use of cookies, the legal basis for processing your data is the declared consent. Otherwise, the data processed with the help of cookies will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. in the commercial operation of our online offer and its improvement) or, if the use of cookies is necessary, to fulfill our contractual obligations.
Notes on duration of storage:
If we do not provide you with any explicit information on the storage duration of permanent cookies (e.g. as part of a so-called cookie opt-in), please assume that the storage duration can be up to two years.
General information on revocation and objection (opt-out):
Depending on whether the processing is based on consent or legal permission, you have the option at any time to revoke your consent or to object to the processing of your data using cookie technologies (collectively referred to as “opt-out”). You can above all explain your objection by using the settings of your browser, e.g. by deactivating the use of cookies (which can also restrict the functionality of our online offer). An objection to the use of cookies for online marketing purposes can also be declared using a variety of services, especially in the case of tracking, by using the websites
https://optout.aboutads.info
and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
. In addition, you can receive further objection notices in the context of the information on the service providers and cookies used.
CHILDREN
Our Services are not designed for children. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to us, please contact us.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
As a data subject, you have various rights under the GDPR, which arise in particular from Art. 15 to 21 GDPR:
Right of objection:
You have the right, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your personal data, which is based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. If the personal data relating to you are processed in order to operate direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data relating to you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising.
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and without giving an explanation.
Right to information:
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether the data in question is being processed and to request information about this data as well as further information and a copy of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to correction:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request the completion of the data relating to you or the correction of incorrect data relating to you.
Right to erasure and restriction of processing:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request that the data relating to you is erased immediately or, alternatively, to request a restriction on the processing of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive data relating to you that you have provided to us in accordance with the legal requirements in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transmitted to another person responsible.
Complaint to the supervisory authority:
In accordance with the legal requirements and without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you also have the right to contact a data protection supervisory authority, in particular a supervisory authority in the Member State in which you usually stay, the supervisory authority of your workplace or the place of the alleged violation to lodge a complaint if you should believe that the processing of your personal data is in breach of the GDPR.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may update and correct certain account information at any time by logging into your account, using the
Contact Us
page, or emailing us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
Location Information
We collect your precise location information, however, you can stop the collection of this information at any time by contacting customer service through the
Contact Us
page or emailing
privacy@killstar.com
. If you stop our collection of this location information, some features of our Services may no longer function properly.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving text messages or promotional emails from Killstar by following the instructions in those communications or by managing your communication preferences in the preference center. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
California Consumer Privacy Act
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, geolocation data, internet or other electronic network activity information, inferences drawn about your preferences, audio and visual information, and other categories of personal information described in Section 17998.80(e) of the California Civil Code. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the
Collection of Information
section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
Use of Information
section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Internet service providers, payment processing companies, data analytics providers, fraud prevention companies, fulfilment partners, email marketing companies, advertising networks
Commercial information
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, payment processing companies, fraud prevention companies, and email marketing companies, advertising networks
Geolocation Data
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, fraud prevention companies, and email marketing companies, advertising networks
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Internet service providers, data analytics providers, email marketing companies, and fraud prevention companies
Inferences
Internet service providers, data analytics providers, advertising networks, and fraud prevention partners.
Audio and Visual Information
Internet service providers, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and fraud prevention partners.
Personal Information Described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, and fraud prevention companies
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, for a business purpose (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by emailing us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
For points 1, 2 & 4 you may make these requests by emailing us at privacy@killstar.com. For point 3, if you wish to out of any sales of your personal information please visit https://eu.killstar.com/pages/ccpa-opt-out for more details.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information about a recent purchase. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA by contacting customer service through the
Contact Us
page or emailing
privacy@killstar.com
.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information regarding a recent purchase or your account information. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we request evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please
contact us
.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GET IN TOUCH
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@killstar.com
.KILLSTAR PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 23rd Jan, 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how Draco Distribution, Inc., Draco Distribution LTD, Draco Distribution GmbH, and their respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies, each doing business as Killstar (collectively, “
Killstar
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”), collect, use, and disclose your personal data (hereinafter also referred to as “data”). This Privacy Policy applies to all processing of personal data carried out by us when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “
Services
”), shop in our websites, currently located at killstar.com, us.killstar.com, and eu.killstar.com, contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
With regard to the terms used in our EU Privacy Policy which addresses to the use or users who are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as "processing" or "person responsible/responsible person", we refer to the definitions in the GDPR (see Art. 4 GDPR). Furthermore, we want to advise users who are subject to the GDPR of the rights they are entitled to under GDPR, the so-called data subject rights.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
RESPONSIBLE PERSON
OVERVIEW OF THE PROCESSING
RELEVANT LEGAL BASES
SAFETY MEASURES
SHARING OF INFORMATION
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
DATA PROCESSING IN THIRD COUNTRIES
USE OF COOKIES
CHILDREN
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
YOUR CHOICES
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
GET IN TOUCH
RESPONSIBLE PERSON
Responsible for data processing within the meaning of the GDPR is
Chris Anderson - ﻿Managing Director
KILLSTAR
Draco Distribution GmbH
89 Säntisstraße
12277 Berlin
Germany
Tel.: +49162 743 0938
Email: chrisa@killstar.com
Contact person for all data protection matters within KILLSTAR is:
For individuals in the European Union/EEA:
Chris Anderson, chrisa@killstar.com,
+49162 743 0938
For individuals in Switzerland:
Chris Anderson, chrisa@killstar.com,
+49162 743 0938
OVERVIEW OF THE PROCESSING
The following overview summarizes the types of data processed and the purposes of their processing and refers to the data subjects.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you share information directly with us when you create an account, fill out a form, submit content through our Services, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card and other payment information (although note that we do not store full credit card numbers as all payment transactions are processed by our third-party payment processors), and any other information you choose to provide, such as your social media handles.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us
When you access or use our Services or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect certain information, including:
Activity
Information:
We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as items you look at on our website, search terms you enter, session recordings, and other activity on our Services.
Transactional Information:
When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information:
We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Location Information:
We may collect information about the precise location of your device. You may stop the collection of precise location information at any time (see the
Your Choices
section below for details).
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We (and our service providers) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness (such as opening of emails, forwarding of emails, clicking of links, and time, date, and frequency of activity). For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see our
Cookie Policy
and the
Your Choices
section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from payment processors, advertising networks, e-commerce platforms, social media providers, and data analytics providers.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or infer that you may qualify for free shipping thresholds or are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.
Types of Processed Data
Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses)
Content data (e.g. entries in online forms)
Contact details (e.g. email, telephone numbers)
Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses)
Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in respect of content, access times)
Contract data (e.g. subject of the contract, contract term, customer category)
Payment data (e.g. bank details, invoices, payment history)
Event data (Facebook) (“Event data” are data that can be transmitted from us to Facebook, for example via Facebook pixels (via apps or in other ways) and relate to people or their actions; these data include, for example, information about visits to websites, interactions with content, functions, installation of apps, purchases of products, etc.; the event data is processed in order to create target groups for content and advertising information (custom audiences); event data do not contain the actual content (such as written comments), no login information and no contact information (i.e. no names, email addresses and telephone numbers). Facebook will delete event data after a maximum of two years formed target groups with the deletion of our Facebook account).
Categories of Data Subjects
Customers
Business and contractual partners
Employees (e.g. employees, applicants, former employees)
Interested persons
Communication partner
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services)
Purposes of Processing
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services. The Purposes of processing your personal data are:
Provision of
our online offer and improvement of user-friendliness
Processing of transactions and returns, and sending you related information, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, customer experience surveys, and recall notices;
Conversion measurement (measurement of the effectiveness of marketing measures)
Office and organizational procedures
Click tracking and affiliate tracking
Marketing and Direct marketing (e.g. by email or post)
Heatmaps (mouse movements on the part of the user, which are summarized into an overall picture)
Contact requests and communication; Communication about products, services, and events offered by Killstar and others and provision of news and information that we think will be of interest you (see the
Your Choices
section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time)
Profiles with user-related information (creation of user profiles)
Range measurement (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors)
Safety measures; Detecting, investigating and preventing security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and protection of the rights and property of Killstar and others
Provision of contractual services and customer service
Management and answering of inquiries, sending you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; responding to your comments and questions and providing customer service
Target group formation (determination of target groups relevant for marketing purposes or other output of content)
Provision and administration our loyalty program
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalization of the advertisements on third-party platforms and websites (for more information, see the
Advertising and Analytics
section below)
Personalization of the advertisements when using our Services based on information provided by our advertising partners
Facilitation of contests, sweepstakes and promotions and processing and delivering entries and rewards;
Compliance with our legal and financial obligations
Carrying out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected
Recruiting, applicant management and establishment of employment relationships
Processing in the Context of our Business Services
We may process personal data from our contractual and business partners, e.g. customers and interested parties (collectively referred to as “contractual partners”) in the context of contractual, pre-contractual and comparable legal relationships as well as related measures and in the context of communication with these contractual partners, e.g. to answer requests.
We process these data to fulfill our contractual obligations, to ensure our rights to fulfill our administrative tasks as well as for purposes of our business organization. We only pass on these data to third parties within the framework of applicable law and to the extent that this is necessary for the aforementioned purposes, to fulfill legal obligations or with the consent of the persons concerned (e.g. to telecommunications, transport and other auxiliary services involved as well Subcontractors, banks, tax and legal advisors, payment service providers or tax authorities).
We will delete data after the expiry of statutory warranty and comparable obligations, unless the data is stored in a customer account, e.g. as long as it legally has to be kept for archiving reasons (e.g. for tax purposes). We delete data that has been disclosed to us by the contractual partner in the context of an order in accordance with the specifications of the order, generally after the end of the order.
Insofar as we use third-party providers or platforms to provide our services, the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or platforms apply within the relationship between the users and the providers.
Customer account:
Customers/contractual partners can create an account (KILLSTAR VIP account) within our online offer. If the registration of a customer account is required, contractual partners will be informed of this as well as the information required for registration. Customer accounts are not public and cannot be indexed by search engines. As part of the registration as well as subsequent logins and uses of the customer account, we save the IP-addresses of the customers along with the access times in order to be able to prove the registration and prevent any misuse of the customer account.
If customers have terminated their customer account, any data relating to the customer account will be deleted, subject to their retention being required for legal reasons. It is the customer's responsibility to secure their data if the customer account is terminated.
Economic analyzes and market research:
For economic reasons and in order to be able to recognize market trends, wishes of the contractual partners and users, we analyze the data available to us on business transactions, contracts, inquiries, etc., whereby contractual partners, interested parties, customers, Visitors and users of our online offer can fall.
The analyzes are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing and market research (e.g. to determine customer groups with different characteristics). In doing so, we can, if available, take into account the profiles of registered users including their details, e.g. on services used. The analyzes exclusively serve us and therefore will not be disclosed externally, unless they are anonymous analyzes with summarized, i.e. anonymized, values. We take the privacy of users very seriously and, if possible, process the data for analysis purposes pseudonymized respectively anonymized, if feasible (e.g. as summarized data).
Shop and e-commerce:
We process your data as customers in order to enable you to select, purchase or order the selected products, goods and related services, as well as their payment and delivery or execution. If necessary for the execution of an order, we use service providers, in particular postal, forwarding and shipping companies, to carry out the delivery or execution for our customers. We use the services of banks and payment service providers to process payment transactions. The information required is marked as such in the context of the order or comparable purchase process and includes the information required for delivery or provision and billing as well as contact information in order to be able to confer with our customers, if necessary.
Payment Methods
In the context of contractual and other legal relationships, due to legal obligations or otherwise based on our legitimate interests, we offer the data subjects efficient and secure payment options and use other service providers in addition to banks and credit institutions (collectively, “payment service providers”).
The data processed by the payment service provider includes inventory data such as name and address, bank data such as account numbers or credit card numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums as well as contract, sum and recipient-related information. The information is required to carry out the transactions. However, the data entered will only be processed and stored by the payment service providers. This means that we do not receive any account or credit card-related information, but only information with confirmation or negative information about the payment. The data may be transmitted to credit agencies by the payment service provider. The purpose of this transmission is to check your identity and creditworthiness. For this we refer to the terms and conditions and the data protection information of the payment service providers.
Used services and service providers:
Signifyd:
commerce protection platform; Service provider: Signifyd Inc.
2540 North First Street, Suite 300, San Jose, CA 95131; Website: https://www.signifyd.com; Privacy Policy:
https://www.signifyd.com/privacy/
AfterPay:
payment processing after receipt of the goods; Service provider: Arvato Payment Solutions GmbH, Gütersloher Str. 123, 33415 Verl under the name of AfterPay; Privacy Policy: https://www.myafterpay.com/de-de/compliance/dataprotection
Klarna:
instant bank transfer; payment services; Service provider: Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden; Website: https://www.klarna.com/de/; Privacy Policy: https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/
PayPal:
payment services and solutions (e.g. PayPal, PayPal Plus, Braintree); Service provider: PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg; Website: https://www.paypal.com/de; Privacy Policy:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Stripe:
Payment Services; Service provider: Stripe, Inc., 510 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; Website: https://stripe.com; Data protection declaration:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
ApplePay:
mobile payment and digital wallet service;
Website:
https://www.apple.com/de/apple-pay/
; Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/de/legal/privacy/de-ww/
Amazon Payments:
online payments processing service; Service provider: Amazon Payments, Inc., 410 Terry Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109-5210; Website: https://pay.amazon.com; Privacy Policy: https://pay.amazon.de/help/201212490?
Clearpay:
payment processing solutions; Service Provider: ClearPay Financial Solutions
10000 Innovation Dr. Ste 160, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53226
; Website:
https://www.clearpay.com
; Privacy Policy (not available for Germany) for UK: https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/privacy-policy/ or for France:
https://www.clearpay.com/fr/politique-confidentialite/
Provision of the Online Offer and Web Hosting
In order to be able to provide our online offer safely and efficiently, we use the services of one or several web hosting providers, from whose servers (or servers managed by them) our online offer can be accessed. For these purposes, we can use infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services as well as security services and technical maintenance services.
The data processed as part of the provision of the hosting offer can include all information relating to the users of our online offer that is generated in the context of use and communication. This regularly includes the IP-address, which is necessary in order to be able to deliver the content of online offers to browsers, and all entries made within our online offer or from websites.
Collection of access data and log files: We (or our web hosting provider) collect data on every access to the server (so-called server log files). The server log files can include the address and name of the websites and files accessed, the date and time of access, the amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page) and, as a rule, IP-addresses and the requesting provider belong.
The server log files can be used on the one hand for security purposes, e.g. to avoid overloading the server (especially in the case of abusive attacks, so-called DDoS attacks) and on the other hand to ensure the load on the servers and their stability.
Registration, Login and User Account
Users may create a user account. As part of the registration, the required mandatory information is communicated to the users and processed for the purpose of providing the user account on the basis of contractual obligations. The processed data includes, in particular, the login information (user name, password and an email address).
As part of the use of our registration and login functions as well as the use of the user account, we save the IP-address and the time of the respective user action. The storage is based on our legitimate interests as well as those of the users in protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. A transfer of this data to third parties does not take place, unless it is necessary to pursue our claims or there is a legal obligation to do so. Users can be informed by email about processes that are relevant to their user account, such as technical changes.
Blogs and Publication Media
We use blogs or comparable means of online communication and publication (hereinafter “publication medium”). The data of the readers are only processed for the purposes of the publication medium to the extent that it is necessary for its presentation and communication between authors and readers or for reasons of security. In addition, we refer to the information on the processing of visitors to our publication medium in the context of this data protection notice.
If users leave comments or other contributions, their IP-addresses can be saved on the basis of our legitimate interests. This is done for our safety if someone leaves illegal content in comments and contributions (insults, prohibited political propaganda, etc.). In this case we can be prosecuted for the comment or contribution and are therefore interested in the identity of the author.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to process user information for the purpose of spam detection on the basis of our legitimate interests. On the same legal basis, we reserve the right to save the IP-addresses of users for the duration of surveys and to use cookies in order to avoid multiple votes.
The personal information communicated in the context of the comments and contributions, any contact and website information as well as the content will be stored permanently by us until the user objects.
Contact
When you contact us (e.g. via contact form, email, telephone or via social media), the details of the inquiring person are processed, insofar as this is necessary to answer the request and any requested measures.
The answering of contact requests in the context of contractual or pre-contractual relationships takes place to fulfill our contractual obligations or to answer (pre-)contractual inquiries and otherwise on the basis of the legitimate interests in answering the request.
Cloud Services
We use software services (so-called “cloud services”, also known as “software as a service”) that are accessible via the Internet and run on the servers of their providers for the following purposes: document storage and administration, calendar management, sending e-mails, spreadsheets and presentations, exchange of documents, content and information with specific recipients or publication of websites, forms or other content and information as well as chats and participation in audio and video conferences.
In this context, personal data can be processed and stored on the servers of the provider, insofar as they are part of communication processes with us or otherwise processed by us, as set out in this privacy policy. This data can include, in particular, master data and contact details of the users, data on transactions, contracts, other processes and their content. The cloud service providers also process usage data and metadata, which they use for security purposes and for service optimization.
If we use cloud services to provide forms or other documents and content for other users or publicly accessible websites, the providers can place cookies on the users' devices for the purposes of web analysis or to change user settings (e.g. in the case of media control) remember, save.
Newsletter and Electronic Notifications
We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications (hereinafter “newsletter”) only with the explicit consent of the recipient or with legal permission. If the contents of the newsletter are specifically described when registering for the newsletter, they are decisive for the consent of the user. Incidentally, our newsletters contain information about our services and us.
The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called
double opt-in procedure
. This means that after registration you will receive an email in which you will be asked to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that nobody can register with someone else's email-address. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process in accordance with the legal requirements. This includes storing the time of registration and confirmation as well as the IP-address. Changes to your data stored by the shipping service provider are also logged.
We can store the unsubscribed email-addresses
for up to three years
on the basis of our legitimate interests before we erase them in order to be able to prove a previously given consent. The processing of this data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual request for erasure is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time. If we are obliged to permanently observe contradictions, we reserve the right to store the email-address in a blacklist for this purpose alone (so-called “blocklist”).
The logging of the registration process takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests for the purpose of proving that it has proceeded properly. If we commission a service provider to send e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests in an efficient and secure mailing system.
Notes on legal bases:
The newsletter is sent on the basis of the recipient's consent or, if consent is not required, on the basis of our legitimate interests in direct marketing, if and to the extent that this is permitted by law, e.g. in the case of advertising to existing customers. If we commission a service provider to send e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests. The registration process is recorded based on our legitimate interests to demonstrate that it was carried out in accordance with the law.
Contents: Information about us, our services, promotions, offers and legal issues.
Measurement of opening and clickrates:
The newsletters contain a so-called "web beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from our server when the newsletter is opened or, if we use a shipping service provider, from its server. As part of this retrieval, technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP-address and the time of retrieval, is initially collected.
This information is used for the technical improvement of our newsletter based on the technical data or the target groups and their reading behavior based on their retrieval locations (which can be determined with the help of the IP address) or the access times. This analysis also includes determining whether the newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are clicked. This information is assigned to the individual newsletter recipients and stored in their profiles until they are deleted. The evaluations enable us to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users.
The measurement of the opening rates and the click rates as well as the storage of the measurement results in the profiles of the users as well as their further processing are based on the consent of the users. A separate revocation of the success measurement is unfortunately not possible, in this case the entire newsletter subscription must be canceled or contradicted. In this case, the saved profile information will be deleted.
Web Analysis, Monitoring and Optimization
The web analysis (also known as “reach measurement”) is used to evaluate the flow of visitors to our online offer and may include behavior, interests or demographic information about the visitors, such as age or gender, as pseudonymous values. With the help of the reach analysis, we can, for example, recognize at which time our online offer or its functions or content are used most often or invite you to reuse. We can also understand which areas need optimization.
In addition to web analysis, we can also use test procedures, e.g. to test and optimize different versions of our online offer or its components.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles can be created and saved in a file (so-called “cookie”) or similar processes can be used for the same purpose. This information may include, for example, the content viewed, websites visited and the elements and technical information used there, such as the browser used, the computer system used and information on times of use. If users have consented to their location data being collected, this can also be processed, depending on the provider.
The IP-addresses of the users are also saved. However, we use an IP masking process (i.e. pseudonymization by shortening the IP-address) to protect users. In general, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) are stored in the context of web analysis, A/B testing and optimization, but pseudonyms. This means that we and the providers of the software used do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles for the purposes of the respective procedures.
Online Marketing
We process personal data for online marketing purposes, which can include in particular the marketing of advertising space or the presentation of advertising and other content (collectively referred to as “content”) based on the potential interests of users and the measurement of their effectiveness.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles are created and stored in a file (so-called “cookie”) or similar processes are used, by means of which the user information relevant to the presentation of the aforementioned content is saved. This information can include content viewed, websites visited, online networks used, but also communication partners and technical information such as the browser used, the computer system used and information on usage times. If users have consented to the collection of their location data, these can also be processed.
The IP-addresses of the users are also saved. However, we use available IP-masking procedures (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP-address) to protect users. In general, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) is saved as part of the online marketing process, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as well as the providers of online marketing processes, do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles.
The information in the profiles is usually stored in the cookies or by means of similar processes. These cookies can later generally also be read out on other websites that use the same online marketing process, analyzed for the purpose of displaying content and supplemented with additional data and stored on the server of the online marketing process provider.
As an exception, clear data can be assigned to the profiles. This is the case if the users are, for example, members of a social network whose online marketing process we use and the network connects the profiles of the users with the aforementioned information. We ask you to note that users can make additional agreements with the providers, e.g. through consent during registration.
In principle, we only have access to summarized information about the success of our advertisements. However, we can use so-called conversion measurements to check which of our online marketing processes have led to a so-called conversion, i.e., for example, to the conclusion of a contract with us. The conversion measurement is used solely to analyze the success of our marketing measures.
Unless otherwise stated, we ask you to assume that the cookies used will be stored for a period of two years.
Facebook pixel and target group formation (custom audiences):
With the help of the Facebook pixel (or comparable functions, for the transmission of event data or contact information by means of interfaces in apps), Facebook is on the one hand able to target the visitors of our online offer as a target group for the presentation of advertisements (so-called “Facebook Ads” ) to be determined. Accordingly, we use the Facebook pixel to only send the Facebook ads placed by us to those users on Facebook and within the services of the partners cooperating with Facebook (so-called “Audience Network” https://www.facebook.com/audiencenetwork/ ) who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interest in certain topics or products that can be seen from the websites visited) that we transmit to Facebook (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of the Facebook pixel, we would also like to ensure that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the users and are not annoying. With the help of the Facebook pixel, we can also understand the effectiveness of the Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook advertisement (so-called "conversion measurement").
Together with Facebook Ireland Ltd. we are jointly responsible for the collection or receipt as part of a transmission (but not the further processing) of “event data” that Facebook collects using the Facebook pixel and comparable functions (e.g. interfaces) that are carried out on our online offer or received as part of a transmission for the following purposes: a) Display of content advertising information that corresponds to the presumed interests of the users; b) Delivery of commercial and transaction-related messages (e.g. addressing users via Facebook Messenger); c) Improving the delivery of advertisements and personalizing functions and content (e.g. improving the detection of which content or advertising information presumably corresponds to the interests of the users). We have concluded a special agreement with Facebook (“Addendum for controllers”, https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum), which regulates in particular which security measures Facebook has to observe (https: //www.facebook. com / legal / terms / data_security_terms) and in which Facebook has agreed to fulfill the rights of the data subject (i.e. users can, for example, send information or deletion requests directly to Facebook). Note: If Facebook provides us with measured values, analyzes and reports (which are aggregated, i.e. do not receive any information about individual users and are anonymous to us), then this processing does not take place within the framework of joint responsibility, but on the basis of an order processing contract ("data processing conditions") , https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing), the “data security conditions” (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/data_security_terms) and with regard to processing in the USA based on of standard contractual clauses (“Facebook-EU-data transfer addendum”, https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum). The rights of users (in particular to information, deletion, objection and complaint to the competent supervisory authority) are not restricted by the agreements with Facebook.
Social Media
We maintain an online presence within social networks and process user data in this context in order to communicate with the users active there or to offer information about us.
We would like to point out that user data can be processed outside of the European Union. This can result in risks for the user because, for example, the enforcement of the users' rights could be made more difficult.
Furthermore, the data of users within social networks are usually processed for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles can be created based on user behavior and the resulting interests of the user. The usage profiles can in turn be used, for example, to place advertisements inside and outside the networks that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and the interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them).
For a detailed description of the respective forms of processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out), we refer to the data protection declarations and information provided by the operators of the respective networks.
In the case of requests for information and the assertion of data subject rights, we point out that these can be most effectively asserted with the providers. Only the providers have access to the data of the users and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us.
Plugins and Embedded Functions as well as Content
We incorporate functional and content elements into our online offer that are obtained from the servers of their respective providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party providers”). This can be, for example, graphics, videos or city maps (hereinafter referred to as “content”).
The integration always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content process the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they would not be able to send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required for the display of this content or functions. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as “web beacons”) for statistical or marketing purposes. The “pixel tags” can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information about the browser and operating system, the websites to be referred to, the time of visit and other information about the use of our online offer, as well as being linked to information from other sources.
Third Party Providers, Support Tools
We use services, platforms and software from other providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party providers”) for the purposes of organizing, managing, planning and providing our services. When selecting third-party providers and their services, we observe the legal requirements.
In this context, personal data can be processed and stored on the servers of the third-party providers. This can affect various data that we process in accordance with this data protection declaration. This data can in particular include master data and contact details of the users, data on transactions, contracts, other processes and their content.
RELEVANT LEGAL BASES
Below you will find an overview of the legal bases of the GDPR on which we base the processing of personal data. Please note that in addition to the provisions of the GDPR, national data protection regulations of your or of our country of residence or domicile may apply.
Consent
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a. GDPR) - the person concerned has given their consent to the processing of their personal data for a specific purpose or for several specific purposes
Fulfillment of the contract and pre-contractual inquiries
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b. GDPR) - the processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract to which the data subject is a party, or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures that are requested by the data subject respectively.
Legal obligation
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. c. GDPR) - the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the person responsible is subject.
Legitimate interests
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f. GDPR) - processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible or a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, which protect personal data require, predominate.
National data protection regulations in the different European countries Germany:
In addition to the data protection regulations of the GDPR, national data protection regulations apply in all EU member states. These include in particular the law on the protection against misuse of personal data during data processing, the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) in Germany, the Federal Act concerning the Protection of Personal Data (DSG) in Austria and all the different data protection laws of the various EU member states.
SAFETY MEASURES
In accordance with the legal requirements we take appropriate technical and organizational measures, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, circumstances and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
These measures include, in particular, ensuring the ongoing confidentiality, integrity an availability of data by controlling physical and electronic access to the data as well as the access, input, transfer, ensuring availability and their separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures to ensure the exercise of data subject rights, the deletion of data and the required reactions to the threat to the data. Furthermore, we consider the protection of personal data already in the development or selection of hardware, software and procedures in accordance with the principle of data protection by design and by default.
Shortening of the IP-address:
If IP-addresses are processed by us or by the service providers and technologies used and provided that the processing of a full IP-address is not required, the IP-address will be shortened (also referred to as IP-masking). The last two digits or the last part of the IP-address after a point are removed or replaced by placeholders. The shortening of the IP-address is intended to prevent or to complicate the identification of a person by using their IP-address.
SSL encryption (https):
We use SSL encryption to protect your data transmitted via our online offer. You can recognize such encrypted connections by the prefix https: // in the address line of your browser.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
As part of our processing of personal data, it may happen that the data is transmitted to other entities, companies, legally independent organizational units or persons or they are disclosed to them. We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising. In such cases, we observe the legal requirements and, in particular, conclude corresponding contracts or agreements that serve to protect your data with the recipients of your data.
If you submit a product review or post content in another public area of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our
T&Cs
or other user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Killstar, our users, the public, or others.
We may share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, provided the data transfer is necessary or if you have given your consent.
Personal information might be shared between and transferred to other companies within our group of companies including current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership. If this transfer takes place for administrative purposes, the transfer of the data is based on our legitimate entrepreneurial and economic interests or takes place if it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations or if the consent of the person concerned or a legal permission is available
We share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
Draco Distribution, Inc. (operator of Killstar) is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
DATA PROCESSING IN THIRD COUNTRIES
We process your personal data in, as defined by the GDPR, so called third countries (i.e. outside the European Union, EU, respectively outside the European Economic Area, EEA) specifically in the USA and in the UK. Furthermore, the processing of personal data in third countries might take place within the use of third-party-services or within the disclosure or transfer to other persons, offices or companies. However, this is only done in accordance with the legal requirements.
Subject to express consent or contractually or legally required transfer, we only process or have the data processed in other third countries with a recognized level of data protection, contractual obligation through so-called
standard contract clauses (SCC) of the EU Commission
, in the presence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations (Art. 44 to 49 GDPR). For more information please contact the information page of the EU Commission:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_de
.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are text files that contain data from websites or domains visited. They and are stored on the user's computer by a browser. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user during or after their visit to an online offer. The stored information may include, for example, the language settings on a website, the login status, a shopping cart or the location where a video was viewed. The term “cookies” also includes other technologies that perform the same functions as cookies (e.g. if user information is stored using pseudonymous online identifiers, also known as “user IDs”).
A distinction is made between the following types of cookies and functions:
Temporary cookies (also: session cookies): Temporary cookies are deleted at the latest after a user has left an online offer and closed their browser.
Permanent cookies: Permanent cookies are saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status can be saved or preferred content can be displayed directly when the user visits a website again. The interests of users who are used to measure reach or for marketing purposes can also be stored in such a cookie.
First-party cookies: We set first-party cookies ourselves.
Third-party cookies: Third-party cookies are mainly used by advertisers (so-called third parties) to process user information.
Necessary cookies (also: essential cookies): Some cookies may be absolutely necessary for the operation of a website (e.g. to save logins or other user input or for security reasons).
Statistics, marketing and personalization cookies: In addition, cookies are usually also used in the context of range measurement and when the interests of a user or his behavior (e.g. viewing certain content, use of functions, etc.) are saved on individual websites in a user profile. Such profiles are used to show users, for example, content that corresponds to their potential interests. This process is also known as “tracking”, i.e. following up the potential interests of users. Insofar as we use cookies or “tracking” technologies, we will inform you separately in our data protection declaration or in the context of obtaining consent.
For more information please visit our
Cookie Policy under
https://eu.killstar.com/pages/cookie-policy
.
Notes on legal bases:
The legal basis on which we process your personal data with the help of cookies depends on whether we ask for your consent. If so and if you consent to the use of cookies, the legal basis for processing your data is the declared consent. Otherwise, the data processed with the help of cookies will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. in the commercial operation of our online offer and its improvement) or, if the use of cookies is necessary, to fulfill our contractual obligations.
Notes on duration of storage:
If we do not provide you with any explicit information on the storage duration of permanent cookies (e.g. as part of a so-called cookie opt-in), please assume that the storage duration can be up to two years.
General information on revocation and objection (opt-out):
Depending on whether the processing is based on consent or legal permission, you have the option at any time to revoke your consent or to object to the processing of your data using cookie technologies (collectively referred to as “opt-out”). You can above all explain your objection by using the settings of your browser, e.g. by deactivating the use of cookies (which can also restrict the functionality of our online offer). An objection to the use of cookies for online marketing purposes can also be declared using a variety of services, especially in the case of tracking, by using the websites
https://optout.aboutads.info
and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
. In addition, you can receive further objection notices in the context of the information on the service providers and cookies used.
CHILDREN
Our Services are not designed for children. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to us, please contact us.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
As a data subject, you have various rights under the GDPR, which arise in particular from Art. 15 to 21 GDPR:
Right of objection:
You have the right, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your personal data, which is based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. If the personal data relating to you are processed in order to operate direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data relating to you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising.
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and without giving an explanation.
Right to information:
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether the data in question is being processed and to request information about this data as well as further information and a copy of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to correction:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request the completion of the data relating to you or the correction of incorrect data relating to you.
Right to erasure and restriction of processing:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request that the data relating to you is erased immediately or, alternatively, to request a restriction on the processing of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive data relating to you that you have provided to us in accordance with the legal requirements in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transmitted to another person responsible.
Complaint to the supervisory authority:
In accordance with the legal requirements and without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you also have the right to contact a data protection supervisory authority, in particular a supervisory authority in the Member State in which you usually stay, the supervisory authority of your workplace or the place of the alleged violation to lodge a complaint if you should believe that the processing of your personal data is in breach of the GDPR.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may update and correct certain account information at any time by logging into your account, using the
Contact Us
page, or emailing us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
Location Information
We collect your precise location information, however, you can stop the collection of this information at any time by contacting customer service through the
Contact Us
page or emailing
privacy@killstar.com
. If you stop our collection of this location information, some features of our Services may no longer function properly.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving text messages or promotional emails from Killstar by following the instructions in those communications or by managing your communication preferences in the preference center. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
California Consumer Privacy Act
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, geolocation data, internet or other electronic network activity information, inferences drawn about your preferences, audio and visual information, and other categories of personal information described in Section 17998.80(e) of the California Civil Code. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the
Collection of Information
section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
Use of Information
section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Internet service providers, payment processing companies, data analytics providers, fraud prevention companies, fulfilment partners, email marketing companies, advertising networks
Commercial information
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, payment processing companies, fraud prevention companies, and email marketing companies, advertising networks
Geolocation Data
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, fraud prevention companies, and email marketing companies, advertising networks
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Internet service providers, data analytics providers, email marketing companies, and fraud prevention companies
Inferences
Internet service providers, data analytics providers, advertising networks, and fraud prevention partners.
Audio and Visual Information
Internet service providers, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and fraud prevention partners.
Personal Information Described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, and fraud prevention companies
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, for a business purpose (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by emailing us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
For points 1, 2 & 4 you may make these requests by emailing us at privacy@killstar.com. For point 3, if you wish to out of any sales of your personal information please visit https://eu.killstar.com/pages/ccpa-opt-out for more details.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information about a recent purchase. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA by contacting customer service through the
Contact Us
page or emailing
privacy@killstar.com
.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information regarding a recent purchase or your account information. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we request evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please
contact us
.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GET IN TOUCH
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://eu.killstar.com/policies/privacy-policy:
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
We use cookies & other technologies to provide a personalised experience on our website. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy
Manage preferences
Ok
No Thanks
`
We've detected your location & redirected you to our
EU store. To change which store you're shopping from, use the store selector.
Skip to content
FREE SHIPPING
ON ORDERS OVER €125
FREE SHIPPING
ON ORDERS OVER €125
Join The Inner Circle -
Find Out More
Join The Inner Circle -
Find Out More
0
NEW
TRENDING
DRESSES
DRESSES
CATEGORY
DRESSES CATEGORY
MINI
DRESSES CATEGORY
MIDI
DRESSES CATEGORY
MAXI
DRESSES CATEGORY
SKATER
DRESSES CATEGORY
SHIRT
DRESSES CATEGORY
BODYCON
DRESSES CATEGORY
KNIT
DRESSES CATEGORY
SHOP ALL
DRESSES
PRINT
DRESSES PRINT
COSMIC
DRESSES PRINT
STRIPES
DRESSES PRINT
FLORALS
DRESSES PRINT
WOODLAND
DRESSES PRINT
TARTAN
DRESSES
OCCASION
DRESSES OCCASION
SPRING
DRESSES OCCASION
GOING OUT
DRESSES OCCASION
SPECIAL OCCASIONS
DRESSES OCCASION
LITTLE BLACK DRESS
DRESSES OCCASION
WORK MODE
DRESSES OCCASION
HOLIDAY
DRESSES OCCASION
EVERYDAY
DRESSES
SIZE
DRESSES SIZE
XXS
DRESSES SIZE
XS
DRESSES SIZE
S
DRESSES SIZE
M
DRESSES SIZE
L
DRESSES SIZE
XL
DRESSES SIZE
XXL
DRESSES SIZE
3XL
DRESSES SIZE
4XL
NEW
TRENDING
WORK MODE
WOMENS
WOMENS
DRESSES
WOMENS DRESSES
MINI
WOMENS DRESSES
MIDI
WOMENS DRESSES
MAXI
WOMENS DRESSES
SKATER
WOMENS DRESSES
KNITTED
WOMENS DRESSES
SHIRT
WOMENS DRESSES
BODYCON
WOMENS DRESSES
SHOP ALL
WOMENS
TOPS
WOMENS TOPS
BASICS
WOMENS TOPS
CORSETS
WOMENS TOPS
LONG SLEEVES
WOMENS TOPS
T-SHIRTS & VESTS
WOMENS TOPS
SHIRTS & BLOUSES
WOMENS TOPS
CROP
WOMENS TOPS
SHOP ALL
WOMENS
BOTTOMS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
MINI SKIRTS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
MIDI SKIRTS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
MAXI SKIRTS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
LEGGINGS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
TROUSERS & JEANS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
JOGGERS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
FLARES
WOMENS BOTTOMS
SHORTS
WOMENS BOTTOMS
SHOP ALL
WOMENS
KNITWEAR
WOMENS KNITWEAR
CARDIGANS
WOMENS KNITWEAR
DRESSES
WOMENS KNITWEAR
SWEATERS
WOMENS KNITWEAR
SHOP ALL
WOMENS
CO-ORDS
WOMENS CO-ORDS
VELVET
WOMENS CO-ORDS
CHILL OUT
WOMENS CO-ORDS
SHOP ALL
WOMENS
LINGERIE & LOUNGE
WOMENS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
LINGERIE
WOMENS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
LOUNGEWEAR
WOMENS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
SOCKS & TIGHTS
WOMENS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
ACTIVEWEAR
WOMENS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
SWIM
WOMENS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
SHOP ALL
WOMENS
OUTERWEAR
WOMENS OUTERWEAR
JACKETS & COATS
WOMENS OUTERWEAR
HOODIES
WOMENS OUTERWEAR
CLOAKS
WOMENS OUTERWEAR
SHOP ALL
PLUS
PLUS
NEW
PLUS NEW
SHOP ALL
PLUS
DRESSES
PLUS DRESSES
MINI
PLUS DRESSES
MIDI
PLUS DRESSES
MAXI
PLUS DRESSES
PARTY
PLUS DRESSES
SHOP ALL
PLUS
TOPS
PLUS TOPS
CORSETS
PLUS TOPS
LONG SLEEVES
PLUS TOPS
T-SHIRTS & VESTS
PLUS TOPS
SHIRTS & BLOUSES
PLUS TOPS
BODYSUITS
PLUS TOPS
KNITWEAR
PLUS TOPS
CROP
PLUS TOPS
SHOP ALL
PLUS
BOTTOMS
PLUS BOTTOMS
MINI SKIRTS
PLUS BOTTOMS
MIDI SKIRTS
PLUS BOTTOMS
MAXI SKIRTS
PLUS BOTTOMS
TROUSERS & JEANS
PLUS BOTTOMS
LEGGINGS
PLUS BOTTOMS
FLARES
PLUS BOTTOMS
SHOP ALL
PLUS
LINGERIE & LOUNGE
PLUS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
LINGERIE
PLUS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
LOUNGEWEAR
PLUS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
SOCKS & TIGHTS
PLUS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
ATHLEISURE
PLUS LINGERIE & LOUNGE
SHOP ALL
PLUS
OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
PLUS OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
CARDIGANS
PLUS OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
JACKETS & COATS
PLUS OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
HOODIES
PLUS OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
CLOAKS
PLUS OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
SHOP ALL
ALL PLUS
MENS
MENS
NEW
MENS NEW
SHOP ALL
MENS
TOPS
MENS TOPS
BASICS
MENS TOPS
T-SHIRTS & VESTS
MENS TOPS
GRAPHIC TOPS
MENS TOPS
LONG SLEEVES
MENS TOPS
KNITWEAR
MENS TOPS
SHIRTS
MENS TOPS
SHOP ALL
MENS
BOTTOMS
MENS BOTTOMS
JEANS & TROUSERS
MENS BOTTOMS
JOGGERS
MENS BOTTOMS
SHOP ALL
MENS
OUTERWEAR
MENS OUTERWEAR
JACKETS & COATS
MENS OUTERWEAR
HOODIES
MENS OUTERWEAR
SHOP ALL
MENS
ACCESSORIES
MENS ACCESSORIES
SHOP ALL
ALL MENS
TOYS
TOYS
KREEPTURES
TOYS KREEPTURES
ABOUT KREEPTURES
TOYS KREEPTURES
SHOP KREEPTURES
TOYS KREEPTURES
SHOP KREEPY KUTIES
TOYS
TOYS
TOYS TOYS
PLUSHIES
TOYS TOYS
VINYL
TOYS TOYS
LIMITED EDITION
TOYS TOYS
COLLABS
TOYS TOYS
SHOP ALL
NEW IN
LIMITED EDITION
COLLAB TOYS
COLLABS
COLLABS
COLLABS
COLLABS COLLABS
THE POWERPUFF GIRLS
COLLABS COLLABS
CORPSE BRIDE
COLLABS COLLABS
THE LOST BOYS
COLLABS COLLABS
GREMLINS
COLLABS COLLABS
BEETLEJUICE
COLLABS COLLABS
CHUCKY
COLLABS COLLABS
GLOOMY BEAR
COLLABS COLLABS
WEDNESDAY
COLLABS COLLABS
SHOP ALL
COLLABS
SHOP BY CATEGORY
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
DRESSES
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
TOPS
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
KNITWEAR
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
BOTTOMS
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
ACCESSORIES
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
TOYS
COLLABS SHOP BY CATEGORY
SHOP ALL
THE POWERPUFF GIRLS
CORPSE BRIDE
GREMLINS
GLOOMY BEAR
THE LOST BOYS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
SHOES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
BOOTS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
PLATFORMS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
CREEPERS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
HEELS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
FLATS & TRAINERS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
SLIPPERS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES SHOES
SHOP ALL
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
JEWELLERY
SHOES & ACCESSORIES JEWELLERY
CHOKERS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES JEWELLERY
EARRINGS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES JEWELLERY
NECKLACES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES JEWELLERY
BROOCHES & BRACELETS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES JEWELLERY
SHOP ALL
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
BAGS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
HANDBAGS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
SHOULDER BAGS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
BACKPACKS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
PURSES & WALLETS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
TOTE BAGS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
TRAVEL BAGS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES BAGS
SHOP ALL
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
ACCESSORIES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES
HARNESSES & BELTS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES
SOCKS & TIGHTS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES
GLOVES & SCARVES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES
HATS & HEADBANDS
SHOES & ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES
HAIR ACCESSORIES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES ACCESSORIES
SHOP ALL
BOOTS
HARNESSES
HANDBAGS
HOMEWARE
HOMEWARE
SOFT FURNISHINGS
HOMEWARE SOFT FURNISHINGS
BEDDING & CUSHIONS
HOMEWARE SOFT FURNISHINGS
RUGS & DOORMATS
HOMEWARE SOFT FURNISHINGS
STORAGE
HOMEWARE SOFT FURNISHINGS
SHOP ALL
HOMEWARE
HOME ACCESSORIES
HOMEWARE HOME ACCESSORIES
CANDLES & SCENTS
HOMEWARE HOME ACCESSORIES
CRYSTALS & DIVINATION TOOLS
HOMEWARE HOME ACCESSORIES
DECOR
HOMEWARE HOME ACCESSORIES
MIRRORS & WALL DECOR
HOMEWARE HOME ACCESSORIES
SHOP ALL
HOMEWARE
KITCHEN
HOMEWARE KITCHEN
BAKING
HOMEWARE KITCHEN
CUPS & MUGS
HOMEWARE KITCHEN
JARS
HOMEWARE KITCHEN
TABLEWARE
HOMEWARE KITCHEN
SHOP ALL
HOMEWARE
BATHROOM
HOMEWARE BATHROOM
TOWELS & MATS
HOMEWARE BATHROOM
SHOP ALL
SHOP ALL
PRE-LOVED
PRE-LOVED
DISCOVER RESURRECT
PRE-LOVED DISCOVER RESURRECT
ALL PRE-LOVED
PRE-LOVED DISCOVER RESURRECT
FIND OUT MORE
PRE-LOVED DISCOVER RESURRECT
FAQs
PRE-LOVED DISCOVER RESURRECT
LIST AN ITEM
PRE-LOVED
CLOTHING
PRE-LOVED CLOTHING
TOPS
PRE-LOVED CLOTHING
BOTTOMS
PRE-LOVED CLOTHING
DRESSES
PRE-LOVED CLOTHING
PLUS
PRE-LOVED
HOME & ACCESSORIES
PRE-LOVED HOME & ACCESSORIES
ACCESSORIES
PRE-LOVED HOME & ACCESSORIES
SHOES
PRE-LOVED HOME & ACCESSORIES
HOME
FIND OUT MORE
SELL AN ITEM
SALE
SALE
SALE
SALE SALE
JUST ADDED
SALE SALE
LAST CHANCE
SALE SALE
UP TO 40% OFF
SALE SALE
UP TO 60% OFF
SALE SALE
UP TO 80% OFF
SALE SALE
SHOP ALL
SALE
CLOTHING
SALE CLOTHING
WOMENS
SALE CLOTHING
MENS
SALE CLOTHING
SHOP ALL
SALE
HOME & ACCESSORIES
SALE HOME & ACCESSORIES
HOMEWARE
SALE HOME & ACCESSORIES
ACCESSORIES
SALE HOME & ACCESSORIES
SHOES
SALE HOME & ACCESSORIES
SHOP ALL
SALE
SHOP BY SIZE
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
XS
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
S
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
M
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
L
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
XL
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
XXL
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
3XL
SALE SHOP BY SIZE
4XL
Log In
Register
0
LOGIN
REGISTER
SWITCH TO US
SWITCH TO UK
NEW
TRENDING
DRESSES
DRESSES
CATEGORY
MINI
MIDI
MAXI
SKATER
SHIRT
BODYCON
KNIT
SHOP ALL
PRINT
COSMIC
STRIPES
FLORALS
WOODLAND
TARTAN
OCCASION
SPRING
GOING OUT
SPECIAL OCCASIONS
LITTLE BLACK DRESS
WORK MODE
HOLIDAY
EVERYDAY
SIZE
XXS
XS
S
M
L
XL
XXL
3XL
4XL
WOMENS
WOMENS
DRESSES
MINI
MIDI
MAXI
SKATER
KNITTED
SHIRT
BODYCON
SHOP ALL
TOPS
BASICS
CORSETS
LONG SLEEVES
T-SHIRTS & VESTS
SHIRTS & BLOUSES
CROP
SHOP ALL
BOTTOMS
MINI SKIRTS
MIDI SKIRTS
MAXI SKIRTS
LEGGINGS
TROUSERS & JEANS
JOGGERS
FLARES
SHORTS
SHOP ALL
KNITWEAR
CARDIGANS
DRESSES
SWEATERS
SHOP ALL
CO-ORDS
VELVET
CHILL OUT
SHOP ALL
LINGERIE & LOUNGE
LINGERIE
LOUNGEWEAR
SOCKS & TIGHTS
ACTIVEWEAR
SWIM
SHOP ALL
OUTERWEAR
JACKETS & COATS
HOODIES
CLOAKS
SHOP ALL
PLUS
PLUS
NEW
SHOP ALL
DRESSES
MINI
MIDI
MAXI
PARTY
SHOP ALL
TOPS
CORSETS
LONG SLEEVES
T-SHIRTS & VESTS
SHIRTS & BLOUSES
BODYSUITS
KNITWEAR
CROP
SHOP ALL
BOTTOMS
MINI SKIRTS
MIDI SKIRTS
MAXI SKIRTS
TROUSERS & JEANS
LEGGINGS
FLARES
SHOP ALL
LINGERIE & LOUNGE
LINGERIE
LOUNGEWEAR
SOCKS & TIGHTS
ATHLEISURE
SHOP ALL
OUTERWEAR & KNITWEAR
CARDIGANS
JACKETS & COATS
HOODIES
CLOAKS
SHOP ALL
MENS
MENS
NEW
SHOP ALL
TOPS
BASICS
T-SHIRTS & VESTS
GRAPHIC TOPS
LONG SLEEVES
KNITWEAR
SHIRTS
SHOP ALL
BOTTOMS
JEANS & TROUSERS
JOGGERS
SHOP ALL
OUTERWEAR
JACKETS & COATS
HOODIES
SHOP ALL
ACCESSORIES
SHOP ALL
TOYS
TOYS
KREEPTURES
ABOUT KREEPTURES
SHOP KREEPTURES
SHOP KREEPY KUTIES
TOYS
PLUSHIES
VINYL
LIMITED EDITION
COLLABS
SHOP ALL
COLLABS
COLLABS
COLLABS
THE POWERPUFF GIRLS
CORPSE BRIDE
THE LOST BOYS
GREMLINS
BEETLEJUICE
CHUCKY
GLOOMY BEAR
WEDNESDAY
SHOP ALL
SHOP BY CATEGORY
DRESSES
TOPS
KNITWEAR
BOTTOMS
ACCESSORIES
TOYS
SHOP ALL
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
SHOES
BOOTS
PLATFORMS
CREEPERS
HEELS
FLATS & TRAINERS
SLIPPERS
SHOP ALL
JEWELLERY
CHOKERS
EARRINGS
NECKLACES
BROOCHES & BRACELETS
SHOP ALL
BAGS
HANDBAGS
SHOULDER BAGS
BACKPACKS
PURSES & WALLETS
TOTE BAGS
TRAVEL BAGS
SHOP ALL
ACCESSORIES
HARNESSES & BELTS
SOCKS & TIGHTS
GLOVES & SCARVES
HATS & HEADBANDS
HAIR ACCESSORIES
SHOP ALL
HOMEWARE
HOMEWARE
SOFT FURNISHINGS
BEDDING & CUSHIONS
RUGS & DOORMATS
STORAGE
SHOP ALL
HOME ACCESSORIES
CANDLES & SCENTS
CRYSTALS & DIVINATION TOOLS
DECOR
MIRRORS & WALL DECOR
SHOP ALL
KITCHEN
BAKING
CUPS & MUGS
JARS
TABLEWARE
SHOP ALL
BATHROOM
TOWELS & MATS
SHOP ALL
PRE-LOVED
PRE-LOVED
DISCOVER RESURRECT
ALL PRE-LOVED
FIND OUT MORE
FAQs
LIST AN ITEM
CLOTHING
TOPS
BOTTOMS
DRESSES
PLUS
HOME & ACCESSORIES
ACCESSORIES
SHOES
HOME
SALE
SALE
SALE
JUST ADDED
LAST CHANCE
UP TO 40% OFF
UP TO 60% OFF
UP TO 80% OFF
SHOP ALL
CLOTHING
WOMENS
MENS
SHOP ALL
HOME & ACCESSORIES
HOMEWARE
ACCESSORIES
SHOES
SHOP ALL
SHOP BY SIZE
XS
S
M
L
XL
XXL
3XL
4XL
Track Your Order
FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Last Updated: 23rd Jan, 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how Draco Distribution, Inc., Draco Distribution LTD, Draco Distribution GmbH, and their respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies, each doing business as Killstar (collectively, “
Killstar
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”), collect, use, and disclose your personal data (hereinafter also referred to as “data”). This Privacy Policy applies to all processing of personal data carried out by us when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “
Services
”), shop in our websites, currently located at killstar.com, us.killstar.com, and eu.killstar.com, contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
With regard to the terms used in our EU Privacy Policy which addresses to the use or users who are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as "processing" or "person responsible/responsible person", we refer to the definitions in the GDPR (see Art. 4 GDPR). Furthermore, we want to advise users who are subject to the GDPR of the rights they are entitled to under GDPR, the so-called data subject rights.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
RESPONSIBLE PERSON
OVERVIEW OF THE PROCESSING
RELEVANT LEGAL BASES
SAFETY MEASURES
SHARING OF INFORMATION
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
DATA PROCESSING IN THIRD COUNTRIES
USE OF COOKIES
CHILDREN
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
YOUR CHOICES
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
GET IN TOUCH
RESPONSIBLE PERSON
Responsible for data processing within the meaning of the GDPR is
Chris Anderson - ﻿Managing Director
KILLSTAR
Draco Distribution GmbH
89 Säntisstraße
12277 Berlin
Germany
Tel.: +49162 743 0938
Email: chrisa@killstar.com
Contact person for all data protection matters within KILLSTAR is:
For individuals in the European Union/EEA:
Chris Anderson, chrisa@killstar.com,
+49162 743 0938
For individuals in Switzerland:
Chris Anderson, chrisa@killstar.com,
+49162 743 0938
OVERVIEW OF THE PROCESSING
The following overview summarizes the types of data processed and the purposes of their processing and refers to the data subjects.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you share information directly with us when you create an account, fill out a form, submit content through our Services, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card and other payment information (although note that we do not store full credit card numbers as all payment transactions are processed by our third-party payment processors), and any other information you choose to provide, such as your social media handles.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us
When you access or use our Services or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect certain information, including:
Activity
Information:
We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as items you look at on our website, search terms you enter, session recordings, and other activity on our Services.
Transactional Information:
When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information:
We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Location Information:
We may collect information about the precise location of your device. You may stop the collection of precise location information at any time (see the
Your Choices
section below for details).
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We (and our service providers) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness (such as opening of emails, forwarding of emails, clicking of links, and time, date, and frequency of activity). For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see our
Cookie Policy
and the
Your Choices
section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from payment processors, advertising networks, e-commerce platforms, social media providers, and data analytics providers.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or infer that you may qualify for free shipping thresholds or are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.
Types of Processed Data
Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses)
Content data (e.g. entries in online forms)
Contact details (e.g. email, telephone numbers)
Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses)
Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in respect of content, access times)
Contract data (e.g. subject of the contract, contract term, customer category)
Payment data (e.g. bank details, invoices, payment history)
Event data (Facebook) (“Event data” are data that can be transmitted from us to Facebook, for example via Facebook pixels (via apps or in other ways) and relate to people or their actions; these data include, for example, information about visits to websites, interactions with content, functions, installation of apps, purchases of products, etc.; the event data is processed in order to create target groups for content and advertising information (custom audiences); event data do not contain the actual content (such as written comments), no login information and no contact information (i.e. no names, email addresses and telephone numbers). Facebook will delete event data after a maximum of two years formed target groups with the deletion of our Facebook account).
Categories of Data Subjects
Customers
Business and contractual partners
Employees (e.g. employees, applicants, former employees)
Interested persons
Communication partner
Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services)
Purposes of Processing
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services. The Purposes of processing your personal data are:
Provision of
our online offer and improvement of user-friendliness
Processing of transactions and returns, and sending you related information, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, customer experience surveys, and recall notices;
Conversion measurement (measurement of the effectiveness of marketing measures)
Office and organizational procedures
Click tracking and affiliate tracking
Marketing and Direct marketing (e.g. by email or post)
Heatmaps (mouse movements on the part of the user, which are summarized into an overall picture)
Contact requests and communication; Communication about products, services, and events offered by Killstar and others and provision of news and information that we think will be of interest you (see the
Your Choices
section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time)
Profiles with user-related information (creation of user profiles)
Range measurement (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors)
Safety measures; Detecting, investigating and preventing security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and protection of the rights and property of Killstar and others
Provision of contractual services and customer service
Management and answering of inquiries, sending you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; responding to your comments and questions and providing customer service
Target group formation (determination of target groups relevant for marketing purposes or other output of content)
Provision and administration our loyalty program
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalization of the advertisements on third-party platforms and websites (for more information, see the
Advertising and Analytics
section below)
Personalization of the advertisements when using our Services based on information provided by our advertising partners
Facilitation of contests, sweepstakes and promotions and processing and delivering entries and rewards;
Compliance with our legal and financial obligations
Carrying out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected
Recruiting, applicant management and establishment of employment relationships
Processing in the Context of our Business Services
We may process personal data from our contractual and business partners, e.g. customers and interested parties (collectively referred to as “contractual partners”) in the context of contractual, pre-contractual and comparable legal relationships as well as related measures and in the context of communication with these contractual partners, e.g. to answer requests.
We process these data to fulfill our contractual obligations, to ensure our rights to fulfill our administrative tasks as well as for purposes of our business organization. We only pass on these data to third parties within the framework of applicable law and to the extent that this is necessary for the aforementioned purposes, to fulfill legal obligations or with the consent of the persons concerned (e.g. to telecommunications, transport and other auxiliary services involved as well Subcontractors, banks, tax and legal advisors, payment service providers or tax authorities).
We will delete data after the expiry of statutory warranty and comparable obligations, unless the data is stored in a customer account, e.g. as long as it legally has to be kept for archiving reasons (e.g. for tax purposes). We delete data that has been disclosed to us by the contractual partner in the context of an order in accordance with the specifications of the order, generally after the end of the order.
Insofar as we use third-party providers or platforms to provide our services, the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or platforms apply within the relationship between the users and the providers.
Customer account:
Customers/contractual partners can create an account (KILLSTAR VIP account) within our online offer. If the registration of a customer account is required, contractual partners will be informed of this as well as the information required for registration. Customer accounts are not public and cannot be indexed by search engines. As part of the registration as well as subsequent logins and uses of the customer account, we save the IP-addresses of the customers along with the access times in order to be able to prove the registration and prevent any misuse of the customer account.
If customers have terminated their customer account, any data relating to the customer account will be deleted, subject to their retention being required for legal reasons. It is the customer's responsibility to secure their data if the customer account is terminated.
Economic analyzes and market research:
For economic reasons and in order to be able to recognize market trends, wishes of the contractual partners and users, we analyze the data available to us on business transactions, contracts, inquiries, etc., whereby contractual partners, interested parties, customers, Visitors and users of our online offer can fall.
The analyzes are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing and market research (e.g. to determine customer groups with different characteristics). In doing so, we can, if available, take into account the profiles of registered users including their details, e.g. on services used. The analyzes exclusively serve us and therefore will not be disclosed externally, unless they are anonymous analyzes with summarized, i.e. anonymized, values. We take the privacy of users very seriously and, if possible, process the data for analysis purposes pseudonymized respectively anonymized, if feasible (e.g. as summarized data).
Shop and e-commerce:
We process your data as customers in order to enable you to select, purchase or order the selected products, goods and related services, as well as their payment and delivery or execution. If necessary for the execution of an order, we use service providers, in particular postal, forwarding and shipping companies, to carry out the delivery or execution for our customers. We use the services of banks and payment service providers to process payment transactions. The information required is marked as such in the context of the order or comparable purchase process and includes the information required for delivery or provision and billing as well as contact information in order to be able to confer with our customers, if necessary.
Payment Methods
In the context of contractual and other legal relationships, due to legal obligations or otherwise based on our legitimate interests, we offer the data subjects efficient and secure payment options and use other service providers in addition to banks and credit institutions (collectively, “payment service providers”).
The data processed by the payment service provider includes inventory data such as name and address, bank data such as account numbers or credit card numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums as well as contract, sum and recipient-related information. The information is required to carry out the transactions. However, the data entered will only be processed and stored by the payment service providers. This means that we do not receive any account or credit card-related information, but only information with confirmation or negative information about the payment. The data may be transmitted to credit agencies by the payment service provider. The purpose of this transmission is to check your identity and creditworthiness. For this we refer to the terms and conditions and the data protection information of the payment service providers.
Used services and service providers:
Signifyd:
commerce protection platform; Service provider: Signifyd Inc.
2540 North First Street, Suite 300, San Jose, CA 95131; Website: https://www.signifyd.com; Privacy Policy:
https://www.signifyd.com/privacy/
AfterPay:
payment processing after receipt of the goods; Service provider: Arvato Payment Solutions GmbH, Gütersloher Str. 123, 33415 Verl under the name of AfterPay; Privacy Policy: https://www.myafterpay.com/de-de/compliance/dataprotection
Klarna:
instant bank transfer; payment services; Service provider: Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden; Website: https://www.klarna.com/de/; Privacy Policy: https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/
PayPal:
payment services and solutions (e.g. PayPal, PayPal Plus, Braintree); Service provider: PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg; Website: https://www.paypal.com/de; Privacy Policy:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Stripe:
Payment Services; Service provider: Stripe, Inc., 510 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; Website: https://stripe.com; Data protection declaration:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
ApplePay:
mobile payment and digital wallet service;
Website:
https://www.apple.com/de/apple-pay/
; Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/de/legal/privacy/de-ww/
Amazon Payments:
online payments processing service; Service provider: Amazon Payments, Inc., 410 Terry Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109-5210; Website: https://pay.amazon.com; Privacy Policy: https://pay.amazon.de/help/201212490?
Clearpay:
payment processing solutions; Service Provider: ClearPay Financial Solutions
10000 Innovation Dr. Ste 160, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53226
; Website:
https://www.clearpay.com
; Privacy Policy (not available for Germany) for UK: https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/privacy-policy/ or for France:
https://www.clearpay.com/fr/politique-confidentialite/
Provision of the Online Offer and Web Hosting
In order to be able to provide our online offer safely and efficiently, we use the services of one or several web hosting providers, from whose servers (or servers managed by them) our online offer can be accessed. For these purposes, we can use infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services as well as security services and technical maintenance services.
The data processed as part of the provision of the hosting offer can include all information relating to the users of our online offer that is generated in the context of use and communication. This regularly includes the IP-address, which is necessary in order to be able to deliver the content of online offers to browsers, and all entries made within our online offer or from websites.
Collection of access data and log files: We (or our web hosting provider) collect data on every access to the server (so-called server log files). The server log files can include the address and name of the websites and files accessed, the date and time of access, the amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page) and, as a rule, IP-addresses and the requesting provider belong.
The server log files can be used on the one hand for security purposes, e.g. to avoid overloading the server (especially in the case of abusive attacks, so-called DDoS attacks) and on the other hand to ensure the load on the servers and their stability.
Registration, Login and User Account
Users may create a user account. As part of the registration, the required mandatory information is communicated to the users and processed for the purpose of providing the user account on the basis of contractual obligations. The processed data includes, in particular, the login information (user name, password and an email address).
As part of the use of our registration and login functions as well as the use of the user account, we save the IP-address and the time of the respective user action. The storage is based on our legitimate interests as well as those of the users in protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. A transfer of this data to third parties does not take place, unless it is necessary to pursue our claims or there is a legal obligation to do so. Users can be informed by email about processes that are relevant to their user account, such as technical changes.
Blogs and Publication Media
We use blogs or comparable means of online communication and publication (hereinafter “publication medium”). The data of the readers are only processed for the purposes of the publication medium to the extent that it is necessary for its presentation and communication between authors and readers or for reasons of security. In addition, we refer to the information on the processing of visitors to our publication medium in the context of this data protection notice.
If users leave comments or other contributions, their IP-addresses can be saved on the basis of our legitimate interests. This is done for our safety if someone leaves illegal content in comments and contributions (insults, prohibited political propaganda, etc.). In this case we can be prosecuted for the comment or contribution and are therefore interested in the identity of the author.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to process user information for the purpose of spam detection on the basis of our legitimate interests. On the same legal basis, we reserve the right to save the IP-addresses of users for the duration of surveys and to use cookies in order to avoid multiple votes.
The personal information communicated in the context of the comments and contributions, any contact and website information as well as the content will be stored permanently by us until the user objects.
Contact
When you contact us (e.g. via contact form, email, telephone or via social media), the details of the inquiring person are processed, insofar as this is necessary to answer the request and any requested measures.
The answering of contact requests in the context of contractual or pre-contractual relationships takes place to fulfill our contractual obligations or to answer (pre-)contractual inquiries and otherwise on the basis of the legitimate interests in answering the request.
Cloud Services
We use software services (so-called “cloud services”, also known as “software as a service”) that are accessible via the Internet and run on the servers of their providers for the following purposes: document storage and administration, calendar management, sending e-mails, spreadsheets and presentations, exchange of documents, content and information with specific recipients or publication of websites, forms or other content and information as well as chats and participation in audio and video conferences.
In this context, personal data can be processed and stored on the servers of the provider, insofar as they are part of communication processes with us or otherwise processed by us, as set out in this privacy policy. This data can include, in particular, master data and contact details of the users, data on transactions, contracts, other processes and their content. The cloud service providers also process usage data and metadata, which they use for security purposes and for service optimization.
If we use cloud services to provide forms or other documents and content for other users or publicly accessible websites, the providers can place cookies on the users' devices for the purposes of web analysis or to change user settings (e.g. in the case of media control) remember, save.
Newsletter and Electronic Notifications
We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications (hereinafter “newsletter”) only with the explicit consent of the recipient or with legal permission. If the contents of the newsletter are specifically described when registering for the newsletter, they are decisive for the consent of the user. Incidentally, our newsletters contain information about our services and us.
The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called
double opt-in procedure
. This means that after registration you will receive an email in which you will be asked to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that nobody can register with someone else's email-address. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process in accordance with the legal requirements. This includes storing the time of registration and confirmation as well as the IP-address. Changes to your data stored by the shipping service provider are also logged.
We can store the unsubscribed email-addresses
for up to three years
on the basis of our legitimate interests before we erase them in order to be able to prove a previously given consent. The processing of this data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual request for erasure is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time. If we are obliged to permanently observe contradictions, we reserve the right to store the email-address in a blacklist for this purpose alone (so-called “blocklist”).
The logging of the registration process takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests for the purpose of proving that it has proceeded properly. If we commission a service provider to send e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests in an efficient and secure mailing system.
Notes on legal bases:
The newsletter is sent on the basis of the recipient's consent or, if consent is not required, on the basis of our legitimate interests in direct marketing, if and to the extent that this is permitted by law, e.g. in the case of advertising to existing customers. If we commission a service provider to send e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests. The registration process is recorded based on our legitimate interests to demonstrate that it was carried out in accordance with the law.
Contents: Information about us, our services, promotions, offers and legal issues.
Measurement of opening and clickrates:
The newsletters contain a so-called "web beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from our server when the newsletter is opened or, if we use a shipping service provider, from its server. As part of this retrieval, technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP-address and the time of retrieval, is initially collected.
This information is used for the technical improvement of our newsletter based on the technical data or the target groups and their reading behavior based on their retrieval locations (which can be determined with the help of the IP address) or the access times. This analysis also includes determining whether the newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are clicked. This information is assigned to the individual newsletter recipients and stored in their profiles until they are deleted. The evaluations enable us to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users.
The measurement of the opening rates and the click rates as well as the storage of the measurement results in the profiles of the users as well as their further processing are based on the consent of the users. A separate revocation of the success measurement is unfortunately not possible, in this case the entire newsletter subscription must be canceled or contradicted. In this case, the saved profile information will be deleted.
Web Analysis, Monitoring and Optimization
The web analysis (also known as “reach measurement”) is used to evaluate the flow of visitors to our online offer and may include behavior, interests or demographic information about the visitors, such as age or gender, as pseudonymous values. With the help of the reach analysis, we can, for example, recognize at which time our online offer or its functions or content are used most often or invite you to reuse. We can also understand which areas need optimization.
In addition to web analysis, we can also use test procedures, e.g. to test and optimize different versions of our online offer or its components.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles can be created and saved in a file (so-called “cookie”) or similar processes can be used for the same purpose. This information may include, for example, the content viewed, websites visited and the elements and technical information used there, such as the browser used, the computer system used and information on times of use. If users have consented to their location data being collected, this can also be processed, depending on the provider.
The IP-addresses of the users are also saved. However, we use an IP masking process (i.e. pseudonymization by shortening the IP-address) to protect users. In general, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) are stored in the context of web analysis, A/B testing and optimization, but pseudonyms. This means that we and the providers of the software used do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles for the purposes of the respective procedures.
Online Marketing
We process personal data for online marketing purposes, which can include in particular the marketing of advertising space or the presentation of advertising and other content (collectively referred to as “content”) based on the potential interests of users and the measurement of their effectiveness.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles are created and stored in a file (so-called “cookie”) or similar processes are used, by means of which the user information relevant to the presentation of the aforementioned content is saved. This information can include content viewed, websites visited, online networks used, but also communication partners and technical information such as the browser used, the computer system used and information on usage times. If users have consented to the collection of their location data, these can also be processed.
The IP-addresses of the users are also saved. However, we use available IP-masking procedures (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP-address) to protect users. In general, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) is saved as part of the online marketing process, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as well as the providers of online marketing processes, do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles.
The information in the profiles is usually stored in the cookies or by means of similar processes. These cookies can later generally also be read out on other websites that use the same online marketing process, analyzed for the purpose of displaying content and supplemented with additional data and stored on the server of the online marketing process provider.
As an exception, clear data can be assigned to the profiles. This is the case if the users are, for example, members of a social network whose online marketing process we use and the network connects the profiles of the users with the aforementioned information. We ask you to note that users can make additional agreements with the providers, e.g. through consent during registration.
In principle, we only have access to summarized information about the success of our advertisements. However, we can use so-called conversion measurements to check which of our online marketing processes have led to a so-called conversion, i.e., for example, to the conclusion of a contract with us. The conversion measurement is used solely to analyze the success of our marketing measures.
Unless otherwise stated, we ask you to assume that the cookies used will be stored for a period of two years.
Facebook pixel and target group formation (custom audiences):
With the help of the Facebook pixel (or comparable functions, for the transmission of event data or contact information by means of interfaces in apps), Facebook is on the one hand able to target the visitors of our online offer as a target group for the presentation of advertisements (so-called “Facebook Ads” ) to be determined. Accordingly, we use the Facebook pixel to only send the Facebook ads placed by us to those users on Facebook and within the services of the partners cooperating with Facebook (so-called “Audience Network” https://www.facebook.com/audiencenetwork/ ) who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interest in certain topics or products that can be seen from the websites visited) that we transmit to Facebook (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of the Facebook pixel, we would also like to ensure that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the users and are not annoying. With the help of the Facebook pixel, we can also understand the effectiveness of the Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook advertisement (so-called "conversion measurement").
Together with Facebook Ireland Ltd. we are jointly responsible for the collection or receipt as part of a transmission (but not the further processing) of “event data” that Facebook collects using the Facebook pixel and comparable functions (e.g. interfaces) that are carried out on our online offer or received as part of a transmission for the following purposes: a) Display of content advertising information that corresponds to the presumed interests of the users; b) Delivery of commercial and transaction-related messages (e.g. addressing users via Facebook Messenger); c) Improving the delivery of advertisements and personalizing functions and content (e.g. improving the detection of which content or advertising information presumably corresponds to the interests of the users). We have concluded a special agreement with Facebook (“Addendum for controllers”, https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum), which regulates in particular which security measures Facebook has to observe (https: //www.facebook. com / legal / terms / data_security_terms) and in which Facebook has agreed to fulfill the rights of the data subject (i.e. users can, for example, send information or deletion requests directly to Facebook). Note: If Facebook provides us with measured values, analyzes and reports (which are aggregated, i.e. do not receive any information about individual users and are anonymous to us), then this processing does not take place within the framework of joint responsibility, but on the basis of an order processing contract ("data processing conditions") , https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing), the “data security conditions” (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/data_security_terms) and with regard to processing in the USA based on of standard contractual clauses (“Facebook-EU-data transfer addendum”, https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum). The rights of users (in particular to information, deletion, objection and complaint to the competent supervisory authority) are not restricted by the agreements with Facebook.
Social Media
We maintain an online presence within social networks and process user data in this context in order to communicate with the users active there or to offer information about us.
We would like to point out that user data can be processed outside of the European Union. This can result in risks for the user because, for example, the enforcement of the users' rights could be made more difficult.
Furthermore, the data of users within social networks are usually processed for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles can be created based on user behavior and the resulting interests of the user. The usage profiles can in turn be used, for example, to place advertisements inside and outside the networks that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and the interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them).
For a detailed description of the respective forms of processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out), we refer to the data protection declarations and information provided by the operators of the respective networks.
In the case of requests for information and the assertion of data subject rights, we point out that these can be most effectively asserted with the providers. Only the providers have access to the data of the users and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us.
Plugins and Embedded Functions as well as Content
We incorporate functional and content elements into our online offer that are obtained from the servers of their respective providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party providers”). This can be, for example, graphics, videos or city maps (hereinafter referred to as “content”).
The integration always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content process the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they would not be able to send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required for the display of this content or functions. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as “web beacons”) for statistical or marketing purposes. The “pixel tags” can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information about the browser and operating system, the websites to be referred to, the time of visit and other information about the use of our online offer, as well as being linked to information from other sources.
Third Party Providers, Support Tools
We use services, platforms and software from other providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party providers”) for the purposes of organizing, managing, planning and providing our services. When selecting third-party providers and their services, we observe the legal requirements.
In this context, personal data can be processed and stored on the servers of the third-party providers. This can affect various data that we process in accordance with this data protection declaration. This data can in particular include master data and contact details of the users, data on transactions, contracts, other processes and their content.
RELEVANT LEGAL BASES
Below you will find an overview of the legal bases of the GDPR on which we base the processing of personal data. Please note that in addition to the provisions of the GDPR, national data protection regulations of your or of our country of residence or domicile may apply.
Consent
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a. GDPR) - the person concerned has given their consent to the processing of their personal data for a specific purpose or for several specific purposes
Fulfillment of the contract and pre-contractual inquiries
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b. GDPR) - the processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract to which the data subject is a party, or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures that are requested by the data subject respectively.
Legal obligation
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. c. GDPR) - the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the person responsible is subject.
Legitimate interests
(Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f. GDPR) - processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible or a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, which protect personal data require, predominate.
National data protection regulations in the different European countries Germany:
In addition to the data protection regulations of the GDPR, national data protection regulations apply in all EU member states. These include in particular the law on the protection against misuse of personal data during data processing, the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) in Germany, the Federal Act concerning the Protection of Personal Data (DSG) in Austria and all the different data protection laws of the various EU member states.
SAFETY MEASURES
In accordance with the legal requirements we take appropriate technical and organizational measures, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, circumstances and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
These measures include, in particular, ensuring the ongoing confidentiality, integrity an availability of data by controlling physical and electronic access to the data as well as the access, input, transfer, ensuring availability and their separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures to ensure the exercise of data subject rights, the deletion of data and the required reactions to the threat to the data. Furthermore, we consider the protection of personal data already in the development or selection of hardware, software and procedures in accordance with the principle of data protection by design and by default.
Shortening of the IP-address:
If IP-addresses are processed by us or by the service providers and technologies used and provided that the processing of a full IP-address is not required, the IP-address will be shortened (also referred to as IP-masking). The last two digits or the last part of the IP-address after a point are removed or replaced by placeholders. The shortening of the IP-address is intended to prevent or to complicate the identification of a person by using their IP-address.
SSL encryption (https):
We use SSL encryption to protect your data transmitted via our online offer. You can recognize such encrypted connections by the prefix https: // in the address line of your browser.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
As part of our processing of personal data, it may happen that the data is transmitted to other entities, companies, legally independent organizational units or persons or they are disclosed to them. We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising. In such cases, we observe the legal requirements and, in particular, conclude corresponding contracts or agreements that serve to protect your data with the recipients of your data.
If you submit a product review or post content in another public area of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our
T&Cs
or other user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Killstar, our users, the public, or others.
We may share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, provided the data transfer is necessary or if you have given your consent.
Personal information might be shared between and transferred to other companies within our group of companies including current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership. If this transfer takes place for administrative purposes, the transfer of the data is based on our legitimate entrepreneurial and economic interests or takes place if it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations or if the consent of the person concerned or a legal permission is available
We share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
Draco Distribution, Inc. (operator of Killstar) is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
DATA PROCESSING IN THIRD COUNTRIES
We process your personal data in, as defined by the GDPR, so called third countries (i.e. outside the European Union, EU, respectively outside the European Economic Area, EEA) specifically in the USA and in the UK. Furthermore, the processing of personal data in third countries might take place within the use of third-party-services or within the disclosure or transfer to other persons, offices or companies. However, this is only done in accordance with the legal requirements.
Subject to express consent or contractually or legally required transfer, we only process or have the data processed in other third countries with a recognized level of data protection, contractual obligation through so-called
standard contract clauses (SCC) of the EU Commission
, in the presence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations (Art. 44 to 49 GDPR). For more information please contact the information page of the EU Commission:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_de
.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are text files that contain data from websites or domains visited. They and are stored on the user's computer by a browser. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user during or after their visit to an online offer. The stored information may include, for example, the language settings on a website, the login status, a shopping cart or the location where a video was viewed. The term “cookies” also includes other technologies that perform the same functions as cookies (e.g. if user information is stored using pseudonymous online identifiers, also known as “user IDs”).
A distinction is made between the following types of cookies and functions:
Temporary cookies (also: session cookies): Temporary cookies are deleted at the latest after a user has left an online offer and closed their browser.
Permanent cookies: Permanent cookies are saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status can be saved or preferred content can be displayed directly when the user visits a website again. The interests of users who are used to measure reach or for marketing purposes can also be stored in such a cookie.
First-party cookies: We set first-party cookies ourselves.
Third-party cookies: Third-party cookies are mainly used by advertisers (so-called third parties) to process user information.
Necessary cookies (also: essential cookies): Some cookies may be absolutely necessary for the operation of a website (e.g. to save logins or other user input or for security reasons).
Statistics, marketing and personalization cookies: In addition, cookies are usually also used in the context of range measurement and when the interests of a user or his behavior (e.g. viewing certain content, use of functions, etc.) are saved on individual websites in a user profile. Such profiles are used to show users, for example, content that corresponds to their potential interests. This process is also known as “tracking”, i.e. following up the potential interests of users. Insofar as we use cookies or “tracking” technologies, we will inform you separately in our data protection declaration or in the context of obtaining consent.
For more information please visit our
Cookie Policy under
https://eu.killstar.com/pages/cookie-policy
.
Notes on legal bases:
The legal basis on which we process your personal data with the help of cookies depends on whether we ask for your consent. If so and if you consent to the use of cookies, the legal basis for processing your data is the declared consent. Otherwise, the data processed with the help of cookies will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. in the commercial operation of our online offer and its improvement) or, if the use of cookies is necessary, to fulfill our contractual obligations.
Notes on duration of storage:
If we do not provide you with any explicit information on the storage duration of permanent cookies (e.g. as part of a so-called cookie opt-in), please assume that the storage duration can be up to two years.
General information on revocation and objection (opt-out):
Depending on whether the processing is based on consent or legal permission, you have the option at any time to revoke your consent or to object to the processing of your data using cookie technologies (collectively referred to as “opt-out”). You can above all explain your objection by using the settings of your browser, e.g. by deactivating the use of cookies (which can also restrict the functionality of our online offer). An objection to the use of cookies for online marketing purposes can also be declared using a variety of services, especially in the case of tracking, by using the websites
https://optout.aboutads.info
and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
. In addition, you can receive further objection notices in the context of the information on the service providers and cookies used.
CHILDREN
Our Services are not designed for children. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to us, please contact us.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
As a data subject, you have various rights under the GDPR, which arise in particular from Art. 15 to 21 GDPR:
Right of objection:
You have the right, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your personal data, which is based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. If the personal data relating to you are processed in order to operate direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data relating to you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising.
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and without giving an explanation.
Right to information:
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether the data in question is being processed and to request information about this data as well as further information and a copy of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to correction:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request the completion of the data relating to you or the correction of incorrect data relating to you.
Right to erasure and restriction of processing:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request that the data relating to you is erased immediately or, alternatively, to request a restriction on the processing of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive data relating to you that you have provided to us in accordance with the legal requirements in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transmitted to another person responsible.
Complaint to the supervisory authority:
In accordance with the legal requirements and without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you also have the right to contact a data protection supervisory authority, in particular a supervisory authority in the Member State in which you usually stay, the supervisory authority of your workplace or the place of the alleged violation to lodge a complaint if you should believe that the processing of your personal data is in breach of the GDPR.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may update and correct certain account information at any time by logging into your account, using the
Contact Us
page, or emailing us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
Location Information
We collect your precise location information, however, you can stop the collection of this information at any time by contacting customer service through the
Contact Us
page or emailing
privacy@killstar.com
. If you stop our collection of this location information, some features of our Services may no longer function properly.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving text messages or promotional emails from Killstar by following the instructions in those communications or by managing your communication preferences in the preference center. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
California Consumer Privacy Act
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, geolocation data, internet or other electronic network activity information, inferences drawn about your preferences, audio and visual information, and other categories of personal information described in Section 17998.80(e) of the California Civil Code. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the
Collection of Information
section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
Use of Information
section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Internet service providers, payment processing companies, data analytics providers, fraud prevention companies, fulfilment partners, email marketing companies, advertising networks
Commercial information
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, payment processing companies, fraud prevention companies, and email marketing companies, advertising networks
Geolocation Data
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, fraud prevention companies, and email marketing companies, advertising networks
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Internet service providers, data analytics providers, email marketing companies, and fraud prevention companies
Inferences
Internet service providers, data analytics providers, advertising networks, and fraud prevention partners.
Audio and Visual Information
Internet service providers, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and fraud prevention partners.
Personal Information Described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
Internet service providers, fulfilment partners, and fraud prevention companies
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, for a business purpose (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by emailing us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
For points 1, 2 & 4 you may make these requests by emailing us at privacy@killstar.com. For point 3, if you wish to out of any sales of your personal information please visit https://eu.killstar.com/pages/ccpa-opt-out for more details.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information about a recent purchase. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA by contacting customer service through the
Contact Us
page or emailing
privacy@killstar.com
.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information regarding a recent purchase or your account information. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we request evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please
contact us
.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GET IN TOUCH
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@killstar.com
.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Loading...
YOUR BAG QUALIFIES FOR
FREE SHIPPING
SPEND AN EXTRA €125 TO UNLOCK
FREE SHIPPING
YOUR BAG QUALIFIES FOR
FREE SHIPPING
SPEND AN EXTRA €125 TO UNLOCK
FREE SHIPPING
YOUR BAG QUALIFIES FOR
FREE SHIPPING
SPEND AN EXTRA €125 TO UNLOCK
FREE SHIPPING
We're not shipping to your location.
SUBTOTAL
€0,00
Checkout
Edit Your Bag
{"note":"","attributes":{"_source":"Rebuy","_attribution":"Smart Cart"},"original_total_price":0,"total_price":0,"total_discount":0,"total_weight":0.0,"item_count":0,"items":[],"requires_shipping":false,"currency":"EUR","items_subtotal_price":0,"cart_level_discount_applications":[],"checkout_charge_amount":0}
EXTENDED RETURNS
Any order placed from 20 November 2024 to 19 December 2024 will be eligible for our Extended Returns policy: items can be returned for exchange or store credit up to
31 January 2025
.
Standard returns criteria & exclusions apply.
This doesn't impact your statutory rights.
﻿STANDARD RETURNS
You have 14 days* from the date you received it to pop it in the post and send it back to us for a refund, store credit or exchange.
When we receive it back to our warehouse we aim to process within 5-10 days from date of receipt.
Read more about returns
*Exclusions apply.
Learn more about non returnable items.
Please note
GIFT CARDS
are non-returnable or
exchangeable
Non-returnable
Please note
this item
is non-returnable or exchangeable.
WHAT TYPES OF PAYMENT DO YOU ACCEPT?
T&C apply.
Learn more about payment
CAN I PAY WITH US DOLLARS, EURO, OTHER CURRENCY?
All our prices are in GBP but you can pay in any currency.
DO YOU SHIP WORLDWIDE?
Yes.
CAN I CANCEL MY ORDER?
Yes - let us know as soon as possible via email or the contact us form.
CAN I CHANGE MY ORDER BEFORE IT'S SHIPPED?
No - orders can't be amended once placed.
WHERE CAN I TRACK MY ORDER?
Once your order has been dispatched, you will receive a tracking number which you can use to track your order.
HOW DO I MAKE A RETURN / EXCHANGE?
We offer 14 days return policy which you can see at
www.killstar.com/pages/returns
HOW DO YOUR SIZES COMPARE TO OTHER BRANDS?
Our sizes are true to size and compare to standard sizes.
Read More FAQs
Our sizes are true to size and compare to standard sizing as follows:
Women's Clothing
Bra Size Conversion
Size
Cup Size Range
Equivalent To
XS
30-34 A-C
34A 32B 30C
S
32-36 A-C
36A 34B 32C
M
32-36 B-D
36B 34C 32D
L
32-36 C-DD
36C 34D 32DD
XL
34-38 DD-F
38DD 36E 34F
2XL
36-40 E-G
40E 38F 36G
3XL
38-42 F-H
42F 40G 38H
4XL
40-44 G-HH
44G 42H 40HH
Dress Size Conversion
Sizes
XS
S
M
L
XL
2XL
3XL
4XL
UK
8
10
12
14
16
18
18/20
20/22
US
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
EU
36
38
40
42
44
46
48
50
Metric / Imperial Conversion
Sizes
Sizes
XS
S
M
L
XL
2XL
3XL
4XL
Body Meas. Bust
CM
82
87
92
97
102
109
114
119
IN
32¼
34¼
36¼
38¼
40¼
43
45
46¾
Body Meas. Waist
CM
64
69
74
79
84
91
96
101
IN
25¼
27¼
29¼
31
33
35¾
37¾
39¾
Body Meas. Hips
CM
89
94
99
104
109
116
121
126
IN
35
37
39
40
42¼
45¾
47¾
49½
How to measure
Women's Footwear
UK
EU
US
3
36
5
4
37
6
5
38
7
6
39
8
7
40
9
8
41
10
9
42
11
Unisex Footwear
UK
EU
US
US
UK4
EU 37
US6
US5
UK5
EU 38
US7
US6
UK6
EU 39
US8
US7
UK7
EU 40
US9
US8
UK8
EU 41
US10
US9
UK9
EU 42
US11
US10
UK10
EU 43
US12
US11
UK11
EU 44
US13
US12
UK12
EU 45
US14
US13
Men's Clothing
Sizes
Sizes
XS
S
M
L
XL
2XL
Chest
CM
86
91
96½
101
106
111½
IN
34
36
38
40
42
44
Waist
CM
71
76
81
86
91
96½
IN
28
30
32
34
36
38
Hip
CM
86
91
96½
101
106
111½
IN
34
36
38
40
42
44
Inside Leg
CM
83
83
83
83
83
83
IN
32
32
32
32
32
32
Neck
CM
36½
38
39½
40½
43
44½
IN
14½
15
15½
16
17
17½
Ring Sizes
KS
Diameter (mm)
US4
14.9
US5
15.7
US6
16.5
US7
17.3
US8
18.1
US9
18.9
One Size
Size recommendations vary per style. Please see product description for details.
Dog Clothing Sizes
Dog Vests
Body Length (cm)
(top panel when worn, longest point)
Width (cm)
(½ width of the bottom opening with edges together)
XXS
19
15.5
XS
23.5
18
S
28
20.5
M
32.5
23
L
37
25.5
XL
41.5
28
XXL
46
30.5
Dog Hoodies
Body Length (cm)
Width (cm)
(Bust Under
Arm)
XS
17
17.5
S
22
20
M
27
22.5
L
32
25
XL
37
27.5
2XL
42
30
3XL
27
32.5
Free Shipping
You are 175,00€ away from
FREE SHIPPING
Your bag is empty!
Add your favorite items to your bag.
Shop Now
Discover More Kreeptures
Powered by Rebuy
Complete Your Look
Powered by Rebuy
My Wishlist
0
Sub-policy 1
https://www.signifyd.com/privacy/:
Skip to content
Services & Products Privacy
Website Privacy
Signifyd’s “Services and Product” privacy notice
Last updated: January 27, 2025
This Services and Product Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) describes the data practices that Signifyd, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “we,” “us,” “our” or “Signifyd”) follow in connection with its provision of fraud and abuse detection products and services to its Subscribers.
Please note that this Notice does not describe our collection and use of data when visitors access our website
www.signifyd.com
. For information on how we process data collected through our website, please visit our
Website Privacy Notice
.
Introduction on Signifyd and how we process data
Signifyd is a global company that provides fraud and abuse detection products and services (the “Services”) designed to help e‑commerce merchants and platforms who subscribe to our Services (our “Subscribers”) detect and prevent fraud and abuse on their websites, mobile applications and other digital assets (the “Subscriber Storefronts”). We do this by using our proprietary machine learning technology.
In order to provide the Services to our Subscribers, we need to collect and process certain information about individuals who interact with their Subscriber Storefronts as end users (“End Users”). Through our User Data License (see our
Terms
in Section 9.2), our Subscribers provide us with data and information about End Users and their interactions on their Subscriber Storefronts through our Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). We also collect behavioral, device and connection data through standard tracking technologies (our JavaScript and mobile SDK), which are embedded on the Subscriber Storefronts (collectively, “End User Data”). End User Data may include Personal Data, which includes data that identifies an End User and as described in further detail in this Notice.
Once we have collected relevant End User Data, we process this data through our machine learning platform to return a recommendation to our Subscribers as to whether to approve or decline a transaction or other event (e.g., an account signup or login event or abuse of a Subscriber’s policies), or make a recommendation (e.g., for additional verification), on a particular Subscriber Storefront. In addition to these decisions, we provide our Subscribers with aggregated reporting and insights into transactions and other relevant events on their Subscriber Storefronts.
Our recommendations, reporting and insights are used by our Subscribers to assist them in detecting and preventing fraud and abuse on their Subscriber Storefronts. It is ultimately up to our Subscribers to decide what action to take or not to take using the information and insights we provide.
We also use End User Data (including Personal Data) across our network of Subscribers to improve our modeling and algorithms and to provide more accurate recommendations for all of our Subscribers. While we use End User Data for such purposes, we never disclose End User data between our Subscribers.
What type of Data we collect from End Users
1. Information provided by our Subscribers:
Our Subscribers provide us with information about End Users and their interactions on their Subscriber Storefronts through our Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) (described below). Our Subscribers ultimately decide what Personal Data to send to us for use in connection with the Services. While the exact nature and scope of Personal Data sent to us by our Subscribers through our APIs will vary depending on the particular Services provided, Personal Data sent by our Subscribers about their End Users via our APIs typically includes the following:
Contact information
: this includes information such as name, phone number, email and mailing address.
Transaction data
: this includes information about a transaction attempted or completed on a Subscriber Storefront, including name, email address, billing and shipping mailing addresses, items purchased, price paid, order status and chargeback information. We also receive basic information about an End User’s payment and billing method, but we do not receive the full credit card number or Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) sensitive information and we do not process End User Data to evaluate creditworthiness.
Account information
: this includes information about End Users’ account and preferences on a Subscriber Storefront.
Browser, device and connection data
: this includes information about the personal computer or mobile device End Users’ use to access the Subscriber Storefronts. Such information may include technical information transmitted by the device, including certain software and hardware information such as the browser used to access the Subscriber Storefront, the device model and operating system, unique device identifiers, geolocation data when relevant to a card-not-present transaction and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Subscriber Storefront.
In some cases, our Subscribers may use a third party plugin (e.g. Shopify) to connect to our Services. We are not responsible for information disclosed to that third party plugin and we encourage Subscribers to review the privacy practices of those third party plugins before using them.
2. Information we automatically collect on Subscriber Storefronts:
We use standard tracking technologies (described below) to automatically collect certain behavioral, device and connection data regarding End Users who interact with Subscriber Storefronts.
Our Subscribers ultimately decide what pages on their Subscriber Storefronts to embed our tracking technologies. While the exact nature and scope of Personal Data that is automatically collected by us through our tracking technologies will vary depending on the Services provided to a Subscriber, Personal Data collected through our tracking technologies typically includes the following:
Browser, device and connection data
: this includes information about the personal computer or mobile device used to access the Subscriber Storefronts. Such information may include technical information transmitted by the device, including certain software and hardware information such as the browser used to access the Subscriber Storefront, the device model and operating system, unique device identifiers, geolocation data when relevant to a card-not-present transaction and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which Subscriber Storefront was accessed.
Behavioral data
: this includes information regarding activity on a Subscriber Storefront, such as the time and frequency of access, the referrer page domain, pages viewed.
We may use the following standard tracking technologies on our Subscriber Storefronts. Which of the below technologies a Subscriber ultimately integrates with depends on the nature of the Services provided.
JavaScript
: a JavaScript code is a tiny snippet of code inserted into the content of a Subscriber Storefront. This allows Signifyd to collect the information described above.
Mobile SDKs
: mobile SDKs (or “software development kits”) are blocks of code embedded into the mobile version of a Subscriber Storefront. This allows Signifyd to collect the information described above.
ReCAPTCHA
: we may place an invisible reCAPTCHA code on a Subscriber Storefront, solely for the purposes of fraud prevention and abuse detection, which is subject to the
Google Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
Information collected from third party data enrichment providers
: in some cases, we may combine or enhance the information we collect about End Users (via our APIs and tracking technologies) with information we receive from third party data enrichment providers. For example, we may receive information from third parties regarding the IP Address associated with an order, the type of device from which an order was placed and complementary details about an order’s email and billing/shipping address.
How we use data collected
When a Subscriber asks us to review information relating to an order that an End User placed on a Subscriber Storefront, we review the data relating to that activity. We use End User Data to provide the Subscriber with a fraud analysis indicating whether or not the activity is, in our assessment, a fraudulent or legitimate online transaction. Depending on the Services used, it is at the discretion of the Subscriber to accept or decline that request.
How we use your data and legal basis for processing
For purposes of applicable EU data protection laws, Signifyd acts as an independent Controller of Personal Data. We rely on our legitimate interests in detecting and preventing fraud and abuse as the legal basis for our processing of Personal Data. We only use Personal Data (i) to provide the Services to our Subscribers and (ii) to improve the Services to provide more accurate recommendations for our Subscribers. We may also use Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations. We do not disclose End User Data between our Subscribers.
Additional uses for data collected
We also use information collected for the following purposes:
Improving, operating and enhancing the Services;
Statistical analysis of End User activities at an aggregate level;
Understanding and analyzing the usage trends and preferences of our Subscribers, to improve the Services and to develop new products, services, features and functionality;
Administrative purposes such as providing customer service or sending communications, including messages about changes to our terms and conditions;
Achieving business purposes, such as account verification, audits, security, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, fraud monitoring and prevention;
Enforcing our Terms or contractual Agreements, or as necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal rights;
Maintaining a record of our dealings with Subscribers and/or End Users;
Handling requests and complaints;
Preventing the fraudulent use of our Services;
Taking any action needed in case of disputes that are related to the Services;
Any other action that may be mandated by law or undertaken in good faith to protect our legal rights and property and/or those of third parties;
Automated decision-making
The proprietary machine learning technology that powers our Services relies on the automated processing of Personal Data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to End Users, in particular to detect and prevent fraudulent and abusive behavior on the Subscriber Storefronts. This means that our recommendations to our Subscribers as to whether to approve or decline a transaction or other event on a Subscriber Storefront as part of the Services is initially made without human review or intervention. However, Signifyd’s machine learning technology is continuously monitored by our data science team and certain transactions may be subject to human review. In addition, our Subscribers can provide and review decisions through our Services and/or with our risk intelligence team.Depending on the Service, the Subscriber Storefront may, at its own discretion, use Signifyd’s Services to make a decision on whether to accept or decline an order based solely on automated processing. Please direct inquiries concerning approval of an order based solely on automated means to the Subscriber Storefront.
Data disclosed
When providing the Services, we may disclose insights to our Subscribers, such as whether a payment transaction is legitimate or potentially fraudulent (e.g., an account signup or login event or abuse of a Subscriber’s policies), to help Subscribers determine whether to approve or decline a transaction or other event. Personal Data disclosed to Subscribers is based on the Personal Data they have already provided to us to create these insights.
Data disclosures to third parties:
Signifyd Affiliates
: we may disclose Personal Data between and among Signifyd, Inc. and its affiliates.
Trusted third party service providers
: we use trusted third party service providers to assist us in providing the Services (e.g. infrastructure providers such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform). Such third parties contractually commit to protecting the security and confidentiality of Personal Data.
Data enrichment providers
: we may disclose Personal Data to trusted third parties (e.g., location data or identity verification providers) for data enrichment purposes. Enriching the Personal Data allows us to cross-reference, verify and enhance the accuracy of the data we collect. When we disclose Personal Data to our data enrichment providers, we disclose this as disaggregated data points and require that such data is only used for the purpose of providing a service to us and not for any other purpose.
Financial Partners
: Signifyd may partner with certain financial entities, such as banks, card networks and/or payment processors and may provide them with elements of Personal Data as well as Signifyd’s derived intelligence data (e.g. our transaction score) in order to authorize more transactions.
We may also disclose Personal Data to third parties if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of such data is necessary to: (i) comply with applicable law or a request from a court, regulator or other governmental entity; (ii) enforce our contractual rights and our policies, including in connection with investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; or (iv) enforce our intellectual property or other legal rights.
Additionally, we may disclose Personal Data to third parties in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction involving Signifyd, such as a merger, acquisition, divestiture, reorganization, financing or sale of some or all of our assets, as well as in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding involving us. Any entity that acquires us (in whole or in part) shall be permitted to continue to use Personal Data as set forth in this Notice and shall assume our rights and obligations with respect to Personal Data, as described herein.
Non-Personal Data
: We may use the information we collect to compile aggregated or anonymized information. We may disclose anonymized or aggregated information to any third parties at our discretion.
How we safeguard data
We implement industry standard measures to reduce risks caused by the potential loss of information, unauthorized access or use of information. However, no measure can provide absolute information security and, we cannot provide protections beyond what is within our reasonable control.
How long we retain data
The Personal Data we collect is retained only for as long as necessary to provide the Services or any newly developed Services under this Notice, or if it is required by us to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims or comply with legal obligations. When we dispense with the data, it is either deleted from our systems or anonymized.
Information for international users
Data transfers
We may transfer Personal Data outside of an End User’s country of residence, including to the United States and other countries where we and our third-party service providers operate. Where we do so, we comply with applicable laws in relation to such transfer.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Signifyd complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Signifyd has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Signifyd has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Our organization is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and/or the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
When we receive personal data under the DPF and then transfer it to a third-party acting as our agent on our behalf, we may have certain responsibility under the DPF if both (a) the agent processes the manner inconsistent with the DPF and (b) we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Signifyd commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to ICDR-AAA, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in United States If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint. For more general information on how to invoke binding arbitration, please visit:
here
. Note that the services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
Your information rights
Depending on your jurisdiction of residence, you have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, which may include the right to:
Access the Personal Data we have about you;
Correct any Personal Data we hold about you that may be inaccurate;
Request that we delete your Personal Data;
Restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer Personal Data to another organization (subject to certain conditions); and
Withdraw your consent to us processing your Personal Data, where consent was previously provided and was the legal basis on which we relied for our processing of Personal Data.
If you request these rights, we may need to verify your identity for security and to prevent fraud.
To exercise these rights, please click here to
access the Data Subject Access Request form
or email us at
privacy@signifyd.com
.
Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. If we deny your request, we will provide you with information on how to appeal the decision, if applicable, in our communications with you.
Personal Data Sales / Sharing Opt-Out
. We do not “sell” or “share” information obtained from our Subscribers and about their End Users, as such terms are defined under applicable law.
Information for California residents
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide you with the following additional information about: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of Personal Data (statutorily called “Personal Information”) we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose such Personal Data for a business purpose, (b) “share” Personal Data for “cross-context behavioral advertising,” and/or (c) “sell” such Personal Data. Under the CCPA, “sharing” is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s Personal Data obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites and “selling” is defined as the disclosure of Personal Data to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Categories of Personal Data collected and disclosed
The table below describes the categories of Personal Data we have collected from our Subscribers in the past twelve months and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose such Personal Data for a business purpose.
Categories of Personal Data collected
Purposes of use
Categories of third parties to whom the business discloses Personal Data
Contact Information
Business Operations
Customer Service
Legal Purposes
Communication with Subscribers / End Users
Affiliates
Third Party Service Providers
Data Enrichment Providers
Financial Partners
Demographic Information
Business Operations
Customer Service
Legal Purposes
Affiliates
Third Party Service Providers
Data Enrichment Providers
Financial/Commercial Information
Business Operations
Customer Service
Legal Purposes
Affiliates
Third Party Service Providers
Data Enrichment Providers
Financial Partners
Geolocation Data
Business Operations
Customer Service
Legal Purposes
Affiliates
Third Party Service Providers
Data Enrichment Providers
Inference Data
Business Operations
Customer Service
Legal Purposes
Affiliates
Third Party Service Providers
Data Enrichment Providers
Financial Partners
Internet Network or Device Information
Business Operations
Customer Service
Legal Purposes
Affiliates
Third Party Service Providers
Data Enrichment Providers
For more information about each category of Personal Data, purpose of use and third parties to which we disclose Personal Data, please see the “Information We Collect,” “How We Use Your Information” and “How We Disclose Your Information” sections of this Notice.
CCPA Rights
. This section describes the rights that California Residents have and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Disclosed or Sold
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure or sale of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request and subject to certain limitations that we describe below, we will disclose such information to you. You have the right to request any or all of the following:
The categories of Personal Data we collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is collected.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about you.
Right to Request Deletion or Correction
. You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Data that we collected from you and retained, or correct Personal Data that is inaccurate, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete or correct your Personal Data. However, we may deny a deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us in order to perform certain actions permitted by applicable law, specifically such as detecting data security incidents or protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity. Therefore, we may retain your Personal Data despite such requests. We may also deny a correction request if the information we have about you is already accurate.
Exercising Access, Correction and Deletion Rights
. To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please click here to
access the Data Subject Access Request form
or email us at
privacy@signifyd.com
.
Only you, or a person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf (an “authorized agent”), may make the requests set forth above. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.
The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information (including, at minimum, your name, address and e-mail address) that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the Personal Data or an authorized representative.
We will respond to consumer requests in a reasonably timely manner. If we require extra time to respond, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Personal Data Sales/Sharing Opt-Out
. We do not “sell” or “share” information obtained from our Subscribers and about their End Users, as such terms are defined under the CCPA.
If we ever offer any financial incentives in exchange for your Personal Information, we will provide you with appropriate information about such incentives.
Sensitive Personal Data
: The CCPA also allows California Residents to limit the use or disclosure of “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for business purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA.
Non-Discrimination
. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your legal rights.
Retention of Your Personal Information
. Please see the “Retention” section above.
California “Shine the Light” disclosure
. The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the disclosure of certain categories of Personal Data (as defined in the Shine the Light law) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or in the alternative, that we provide a cost-free means for consumers to opt out of any such disclosure. We do not currently disclose Personal Data to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Children
Our Services are not directed to children or under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16 on our Services, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such Personal Data on our Services, please notify us at
privacy@signifyd.com
.
Updates to this Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Notice, from time to time, in our sole discretion. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of this Notice. The most current version of this Notice will always appear on our Website. We may also provide you with additional notice of changes where required by law, which may include notification via email or in the Services. The continued use of our Services after such changes will mean that you accept the revised Notice. We encourage you to periodically review this Notice to stay informed about how we collect, use and disclose Personal Data.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Notice, or if you would like to exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Data, please contact us using the following contact information:
Signifyd, Inc.
Attn: Signifyd Privacy Issues
99 Almaden Blvd., 4th floor
San Jose, CA 95113
privacy@signifyd.com
Tel: (866) 220-1415
Please note, the role and department responsible for compliance with the obligations under this Notice is:
Data Protection Officer
Signifyd, Inc.
99 Almaden Blvd., 4th floor
San Jose, CA 95113
privacy@signifyd.com
Tel: (866) 220-1415
You may contact our European Local Representative as required under Art. 27 GDPR as follows:
Managing Counsel
Signifyd, Inc.
Buzón 109
C/ Pizarro 20 — Local
28004 Madrid
Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Brazil:
In accordance with the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) for any matters related to the processing of your personal data as follows:
Data Protection Officer: Daniel Longo Braga
Signifyd Brasil Ltda
Rua Ramos Batista 444, São Paulo/SP, CEP 04.552-020, Brasil
privacy@signifyd.com
Prior Privacy Policy Versions:
April 20, 2018 to August 15, 2019
August 16, 2019 to January 30, 2023
January 31, 2023 to September 19, 2023
September 20, 2023 to February 9, 2024
February 10, 2023 to April 7, 2024
April 8, 2024 to October 27, 2024
California Privacy Notice:
July 6, 2021 to January 30, 2023
GDPR Policy:
April 20, 2018 to January 30, 2023
Brazil Privacy Policy:
August 20 2021 – January 30, 2023
Mexico Privacy Policy:
December 19, 2019 to January 30, 2023
Sub-policy 2
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Sub-policy 3
https://stripe.com/de/privacy:
Stripe-Rahmenvertrag
Stripe Connect
Plattformvereinbarung
Kontovereinbarung
Produkte und Programme
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate-Nutzungsbedingungen
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe-Kundenportal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe-Ecosystem für Partner
Stripe Radar
Stripe-Prämien
Stripe-Verifizierungen
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal-Einkaufskonditionen
Terminal-Konditionen für Wiederverkäufer
EULA für Stripe Terminal-Gerät
Stripe Treasury – verbundene Konten
Stripe Treasury – Plattformen
Stripe Tresor und Forward
Finanzbedingungen
Offenlegung durch Acquirer (Händlerbank)
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Konditionen für Zahlungsmethoden
Eingeschränkte und untersagte Geschäfte
Datenschutz
Datenschutzerklärung
Cookie-Richtlinie
Datenschutz-Framework
Dienstanbieterliste
Datenverarbeitungsvereinbarung
Internationale Datenübermittlung – Nachtrag
Datenschutzcenter von Stripe
Geistiges Eigentum
Geistiges Eigentum – Hinweis
Marks-Nutzung
Stripe-Apps
Vereinbarung für App-Entwickler/innen
App-Marktplatz-Vereinbarung
Lizenzen
Bedingungen für Verbraucher/innen
Dies ist eine ausschließlich zu Informationszwecken bereitgestellte Übersetzung der Datenschutzerklärung. Rechtliche Gültigkeit besitzt einzig und allein die Originalerklärung, die in englischer Sprache vorliegt.
Zuletzt aktualisiert:  16. Januar 2024.
Unsere Zusammenfassung der Aktualisierungen finden Sie hier.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie enthält wichtige Informationen über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese sorgfältig zu lesen.
Willkommen
Wir stellen die Finanzinfrastruktur für das Internet bereit. Einzelpersonen und Unternehmen jeder Größe nutzen unsere Technologie und Dienstleistungen, um Einkäufe zu vereinfachen, Zahlungen zu akzeptieren, Auszahlungen vorzunehmen und das Online-Geschäft zu verwalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („Erklärung“) beschreibt die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben, sowie Einzelheiten darüber, wie Sie sich bei Fragen zum Datenschutz an uns wenden können. Darüber hinaus werden in der Erklärung Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person und die Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Wahlmöglichkeiten dargelegt, einschließlich des Rechts, bestimmten Verwendungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, einschließlich unserer ergänzenden US-Hinweise, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Stripe“, „wir“, „unser“ oder „uns“ auf das Stripe-Unternehmen, das für die Erhebung, Nutzung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten wie in diesem Dokument beschrieben verantwortlich ist. Das für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortliche Stripe-Unternehmen kann je nach Rechtsordnung variieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
„Personenbezogene Daten“ bezieht sich auf alle Informationen, die mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person assoziiert sind, einschließlich der Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die wir über Sie während Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Diensten erheben (beispielsweise Geräteinformationen, IP-Adresse usw.).
„Dienste“ bezieht sich auf die von Stripe gemäß dem Stripe-Rahmenvertrag und den Nutzungsbedingungen für Verbraucher/innen bereitgestellten Produkte und Dienste. Dies kann Geräte und Anwendungen umfassen, die von Stripe bereitgestellt werden. Unsere „Geschäftsdienstleistungen“ sind Dienstleistungen, die wir für Unternehmen („Geschäftskunden“) erbringen, die uns direkt und indirekt personenbezogene Daten von „Endkundinnen“ und „Endkunden“ in Verbindung mit ihren eigenen Geschäftsabläufen und Aktivitäten liefern. Unsere „Endkundendienste“ richten sich direkt an Einzelpersonen zur persönlichen Nutzung. „Websites“ bezieht sich auf Stripe.com, Link.com und andere Websites, Anwendungen und Online-Dienste von Stripe. Zusammenfassend bezeichnen wir Websites, Geschäftsdienstleistungen und Endkundendienste als „Dienste“.
„Finanzpartner“ sind Finanzinstitute, Banken und andere Partner wie Acquirer von Zahlungsmethoden, Zahlungsdienstleister und Kartennetzwerke, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Dienste bereitzustellen.
Je nach Kontext bedeutet „Sie“ Endkundin/Endkunde, Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in:
Wenn Sie einen Endkundendienst für Ihren persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen, beispielsweise wenn Sie sich für Link anmelden, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endnutzer/in”.
Wenn Sie mit einem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung treten oder anderweitig eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden durchführen, indem Sie beispielsweise ein Paar Schuhe von einem Geschäftskunden kaufen, der Stripe Checkout für die Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt, aber keine direkte Transaktion mit Stripe durchführen, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endkundin/Endkunde.”
Wenn Sie im Namen eines bestehenden oder potenziellen Geschäftskunden handeln (beispielsweise als Unternehmensgründer, Kontoverwalter für einen Geschäftskunden oder als Empfänger einer Mitarbeiter-Kreditkarte eines Geschäftskunden über Stripe Issuing), kategorisieren wir Sie als „Vertreter/in”.
Wenn Sie mit Stripe durch den Besuch einer Website interagieren, ohne in einem Stripe-Konto angemeldet zu sein, oder wenn Sie an Ihrer Interaktion mit Stripe nicht als Endnutzer/in, Endkunde/Endkundin oder Vertreter/in beteiligt sind, betrachten wir Sie als „Besucher/in“. Sie sind zum Beispiel Besucher/in, wenn Sie eine Nachricht an Stripe senden und um weitere Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen bitten.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Transaktionsdaten“ auf Daten, die von Stripe erhoben und verwendet werden, um von Ihnen gewünschte Transaktionen auszuführen. Bei bestimmten Transaktionsdaten handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, die Folgendes umfassen können: Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktnummer, Ihre Rechnungs- und Versandadresse, Informationen zur Zahlungsmethode (beispielsweise Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, Bankverbindung oder das von Ihnen gewählte Zahlungskartenbild), Angaben zum Händler und zum Standort, Betrag und Datum des Kaufs sowie in einigen Fällen Informationen über den gekauften Artikel.
Je nach Aktivität übernimmt Stripe die Rolle eines „Datenverantwortlichen“ und/oder „Auftragsverarbeiters“ (oder „Dienstleisters“) aufgrund dieser Aktivität. Zusätzliche Informationen zu unserer Rolle, zu dem für diese Erklärung verantwortlichen Stripe-Unternehmen und zu unseren Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Internationale Datenübermittlung
Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Kontakt
Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Unsere Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterscheidet sich je nachdem, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin/Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, und je nachdem, welchen Dienst Sie in Anspruch nehmen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Einzelunternehmer/in sind und unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen möchten, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, um Ihr Unternehmen zum Onboarding einzuladen; gleichzeitig könnten Sie auch Endkundin/Endkunde sein, wenn Sie Waren von einem anderen Geschäftskunden gekauft haben, der unsere Dienste zur Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt. Sie könnten Endnutzer/in sein, wenn Sie unseren Endkundendienst, wie beispielsweise Link, für diese Transaktionen genutzt haben.
1.1 Endnutzer/innen
Wir erbringen Endkundendienste, wenn wir Ihnen unsere Dienste direkt für Ihre persönliche Nutzung zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise Link). Weitere Einzelheiten zu unserer Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung solcher Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben
Verwendung von Link oder Verbindung mit Ihrem Bankkonto.
Stripe bietet Ihnen den Dienst „Link“ an, mit dem Sie Ihre Zahlungsmethoden bei Stripe hinterlegen können, um sie bequem zur Zahlung bei unseren Geschäftskunden zu nutzen. Wenn Sie sich bei Link anmelden, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode) bei Stripe gespeichert werden. Dies ermöglicht effizientere Kauferfahrungen bei der künftigen Nutzung von Link. Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Link entscheiden, erheben wir auch die mit Ihren Transaktionen assoziierten Transaktionsdaten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen (auch um Zahlungen über Ihr Bankkonto via Link zu leisten), erhebt und verarbeitet Stripe in regelmäßigen Abständen Ihre Kontoinformationen (beispielsweise Angaben zu Bankkontoinhaber/in, Kontostände, Kontonummer und -daten, Kontotransaktionen und in einigen Fällen auch Anmelde-/Zugangsdaten). Sie können uns jederzeit auffordern, die Erhebung dieser Daten einzustellen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sie können auch Ausweisdokumente (beispielsweise Ihren Führerschein) bei Link hinterlegen, um diese künftig an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben.
Bezahlung von Stripe.
Wenn Sie Waren oder Dienstleistungen direkt bei Stripe kaufen, erhalten wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlung an Stripe Climate leisten, erheben wir Informationen zur Transaktion, sowie Ihre Kontaktdaten und Angaben zur Zahlungsmethode.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir bieten einen Dienst zur Identitätsverifizierung an, der den Abgleich Ihres Ausweisdokuments (z. B. Führerschein) mit Ihrem Bild (z. B. Selfie) automatisiert. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer biometrischen Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Verifizierungstechnologie separat zustimmen, was Sie jederzeit widerrufen können.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endnutzer erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Endkundendienste, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben
Dienste
Wir verwenden und geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter, um Ihnen die Endkundendienste bereitzustellen. Dazu gehören Support, Personalisierung (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten) und Mitteilungen über unsere Endkundendienste (beispielsweise Benachrichtigung über Richtlinienaktualisierungen und Informationen über unsere Dienste). Beispielsweise könnte Stripe Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien oder die Daten, die Sie unseren Geschäftskunden zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auf der Website eines Geschäftskunden eingeben), verwenden, um Sie zu erkennen und Ihnen zu helfen, Link beim Besuch der Website unseres Geschäftskunden zu verwenden. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien finden Sie in der
Cookie Policy
von Stripe.
Unsere Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen verwenden, geben wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten an die Geschäftskunden weiter, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten.
Mehr erfahren
. Darüber hinaus können Sie Ihr Bankkonto mit Stripe verbinden, und Stripe anweisen, Ihre Kontodaten an Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Geschäftskunden über eigene Datenschutz-Erklärungen verfügen, in denen sie beschreiben, wie sie die an sie weitergegebenen Informationen verwenden.
Transaktionen.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen nutzen, verwenden wir Ihre bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode), um Transaktionen mit Geschäftskunden von Stripe durchzuführen. Wir stellen diese Daten Geschäftskunden und anderen, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zur Verfügung und verarbeiten sie gemäß Abschnitt 1.2 dieser Erklärung als Datenverarbeiter für diese Geschäftskunden.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste (beispielsweise Stripe Radar) erheben, um Betrug zu erkennen und um finanziellen Verlusten für Sie, uns und unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner vorzubeugen, einschließlich der Erkennung nicht autorisierter Käufe. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, personenbezogene Daten über Sie (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Werbung.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Ihre Eignung für weitere Endnutzer-Dienste zu prüfen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Endkundendienste zu bewerben. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig (einschließlich Ihrer gegebenenfalls erforderlichen Einwilligung), verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern und geben diese an andere weiter, damit wir unsere Endkundendienste an Sie vermarkten können, auch durch interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Dritte weiter, aber wir können Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.2 Endkundinnen und Endkunden
Stripe erbringt verschiedene Geschäftsdienstleistungen für seine Geschäftskunden. Dazu zählen persönliche oder Online-Zahlungen oder Auszahlungen für diese Geschäftskunden. Wenn wir als Dienstleister eines Geschäftskunden agieren (auch „Datenverarbeiter“ genannt), verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden gemäß unserer Vereinbarung mit dem Geschäftskunden und seinen rechtmäßigen Anweisungen. Dies geschieht zum Beispiel, wenn wir eine Zahlung für einen Geschäftskunden abwickeln, weil Sie etwas bei ihm gekauft haben oder wenn er uns anweist, Ihnen Gelder zu schicken.
Geschäftskunden sind für die Einhaltung der Datenschutzrechte ihrer Endkunden verantwortlich, einschließlich der Einholung angemessener Einwilligungen und der Offenlegung ihrer eigenen Datenerhebung und -verwendung im Zusammenhang mit ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren.
Weitere umfassende Informationen über die Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endkunden und Endkundinnen finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten stützen.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben
Transaktionsdaten.
Wir erhalten Ihre Transaktionsdaten, wenn Sie als Endkundin oder Endkunde Zahlungen an unseren Geschäftskunden leisten, Rückerstattungen von ihm erhalten, einen Kauf oder eine Spende veranlassen oder anderweitig mit unserem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, ob persönlich oder online. Wir können auch Ihren Transaktionsverlauf vom Geschäftskunden erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem können wir die Daten erheben, die Sie bei einem Bezahlvorgang eingeben, auch wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, das Ausfüllen des Formulars abzubrechen oder keine Transaktion mit dem Geschäftskunden vorzunehmen.
Mehr erfahren
. Ein Geschäftskunde, der den Terminal-Dienst von Stripe nutzt, um seine Waren oder Dienstleistungen an Endkundinnen und Endkunden zu vertreiben, kann den Terminal-Dienst nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten der Endkundinnen und Endkunden (wie Name, E-Mail, Telefonnummer, Adresse, Unterschrift oder Alter) entsprechend seiner eigenen Datenschutzerklärung zu erheben.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdaten.
Stripe bietet einen Verifizierungs- und Betrugspräventionsdienst an, den unsere Geschäftskunden nutzen können, um personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu verifizieren, wie beispielsweise Ihre Autorisierung zur Nutzung einer bestimmten Zahlungsmethode. Während dieses Prozesses werden Sie aufgefordert, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen (beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis und ein Selfie zur biometrischen Verifizierung, von Ihnen eingegebene personenbezogene Daten oder personenbezogene Daten, die aus der physischen Zahlungsmethode hervorgehen, wie das Bild auf der Kreditkarte). Zum Schutz vor Betrug und um festzustellen, ob jemand versucht, Ihre Identität vorzutäuschen, können wir diese Daten mit Informationen über Sie abgleichen, die wir von Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern, verbundenen Unternehmen, Identitätsprüfungsdiensten, öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen und anderen Dienstleistern und Quellen von Drittparteien erheben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben
Um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für unsere Geschäftskunden zu erbringen, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden und geben diese an sie weiter. Soweit zulässig, verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden auch für eigene Zwecke von Stripe, beispielsweise zur Stärkung der Sicherheit, zur Verbesserung und zum Angebot unserer Geschäftsdienstleistungen sowie zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Verlust und anderen Schäden, wie weiter unten beschrieben.
Zahlungsabwicklung und Buchhaltung.
Wir verwenden Ihre Transaktionsdaten, um für Geschäftskunden zahlungsbezogene Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen, darunter die Abwicklung von Online-Zahlungen, die Berechnung der Verkaufssteuer, die Bearbeitung von Rechnungen und Durchführung von Abrechnungen, sowie die Unterstützung bei der Ermittlung von Umsatzzahlen, der Begleichung von Rechnungen und der Erledigung von Buchhaltungsaufgaben.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verwenden, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen und zu verbessern.
Bei Zahlungstransaktionen werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zuge der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktion an verschiedene Stellen weitergegeben. Als Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter, um Transaktionen auf Weisung von Geschäftskunden abzuwickeln. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlungsmethode für Ihre Transaktion wählen, sei es eine Kreditkarte, eine Debitkarte, „Jetzt kaufen, später bezahlen“ oder ein Lastschriftverfahren, kann Ihr Zahlungsmethodenanbieter die Transaktionsdaten Ihrer über Stripe abgewickelten Transaktionen erhalten. Der Geschäftskunde, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten, erhält ebenfalls Transaktionsdaten und kann diese Daten an andere weitergeben. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Geschäftskunden entnehmen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzerklärungen
Finanzdienstleistungen.
Einige Geschäftskunden nutzen unsere Dienste, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen über Stripe oder unsere Finanzpartner anzubieten. Beispielsweise kann ein Geschäftskunde ein Kartenprodukt ausgeben, mit dem Sie Waren und Dienstleistungen kaufen können. Solche Karten könnten die Marke von Stripe, vom Bankpartner und/oder vom Geschäftskunden tragen. Zusätzlich zu den Transaktionsdaten, die wir durch die Verwendung dieser Karten bei Käufen generieren oder empfangen, erheben und verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch, um diese Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verwalten, einschließlich der Unterstützung unserer Geschäftskunden bei der Verhinderung des Missbrauchs der Karten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärungen des Geschäftskunden und, falls zutreffend, die Datenschutzerklärungen unserer mit der Finanzdienstleistung assoziierten Bankpartner (deren Marken möglicherweise auf der Karte angegeben sind), um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Identität, einschließlich der von Ihnen und unseren Dienstleistern bereitgestellten Informationen, um Verifizierungsdienste für Stripe oder für die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zu erbringen, um Betrug verhindern und die Sicherheit zu erhöhen. Falls Sie ein Selfie zusammen mit einem Foto Ihres Ausweisdokuments übermitteln, setzen wir biometrische Technologien zum Abgleich und zur Berechnung der Übereinstimmung ein, um Sie zu verifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste erheben, um Verluste für Sie, uns, unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Unsere Geschäftskunden (und deren autorisierte Drittparteien).
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden an ihre jeweiligen Geschäftskunden und an Parteien weiter, die von diesen Geschäftskunden direkt autorisiert wurden, solche Daten zu erhalten. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Wenn ein Geschäftskunde Stripe anweist, einem anderen Geschäftskunden über Stripe Connect Zugang zu seinem Stripe-Konto, einschließlich der Daten seiner Endkunden, zu gewähren.
Weitergabe von Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, damit wir im Namen eines Geschäftskunden Zahlungen an Sie senden können.
Weitergabe von Informationen, Dokumenten oder Bildern, die von Endkunden zur Verfügung gestellt werden, an Geschäftskunden, wenn letztere Stripe Identity, unseren Identitätsverifizierungsdienst zur Überprüfung der Identität des Endkunden, nutzen.
Die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an andere Dienstleister als Stripe). Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung der Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Werbung durch Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf bei einem Geschäftskunden einleiten, erhält der Geschäftskunde von uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch wenn Sie Ihren Kauf nicht abschließen. Dieser Geschäftskunde kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um seine Produkte oder Dienste zu vermarkten und zu bewerben, und zwar gemäß den Bedingungen seiner Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten, einschließlich Ihrer Rechte, die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken zu unterbinden.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.3 Vertreter/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern von Geschäftskunden (beispielsweise von Unternehmensinhabern), um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Vertreter/innen erheben
Anmeldung und Kontaktinformationen.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Stripe-Konto für einen Geschäftskunden (einschließlich Unternehmensgründung) registrieren, erheben wir Ihren Namen und Ihre Zugangsdaten. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Stripe organisierte Veranstaltung registrieren oder daran teilnehmen oder sich für den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen von Stripe anmelden, erheben wir Ihre Registrierungs- und Profildaten. Über Sie als Vertreter/in können wir unter Umständen personenbezogene Daten von Drittparteien, einschließlich Datenanbietern, erheben, um Ihnen Werbung und Angebote zukommen zu lassen und um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, wie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
beschrieben. Darüber hinaus können wir möglicherweise einen Standort mit Ihnen verknüpfen, um die Dienste oder Informationen effektiv auf Ihre Bedürfnisse zuzuschneiden.
Mehr erfahren
.
Identifizierungsinformationen
Als aktueller oder potenzieller Geschäftskunde, als Inhaber/in eines Geschäftskunden oder als Anteilseigner/in, leitende(r) Angestellte(r) oder Vorstandsmitglied eines Geschäftskunden benötigen wir Ihre Kontaktdaten, beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, um die Anforderungen unserer Finanzpartner und die gesetzlichen Vorschriften zu erfüllen, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren und betrügerische Aktivitäten und Schäden an der Stripe-Plattform zu verhindern. Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie beispielsweise Eigentumsanteile am Geschäftskunden, Geburtsdatum, Ausweispapiere und zugehörige Identifikatoren sowie etwaige Betrugs- oder Missbrauchsfälle direkt von Ihnen und/oder von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste.
Mehr erfahren
. Sie haben auch die Möglichkeit, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Vertreter/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern verwenden und weitergeben
Im Allgemeinen verwenden wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um die Geschäftsdienstleistungen für die entsprechenden Geschäftskunden zu erbringen. Die Art und Weise, wie wir diese Daten verwenden und weitergeben, wird weiter unten beschrieben.
Geschäftsdienstleistungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben sie an Geschäftskunden weiter, um die von Ihnen oder von dem von Ihnen vertretenen Geschäftskunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen.
In bestimmten Fällen müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine staatliche Stelle übermitteln, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung zu erbringen, beispielsweise für die Unternehmensgründung oder die Berechnung und Zahlung der geltenden Verkaufssteuer. Für unsere steuerbezogenen Geschäftsdienstleistungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um im Namen des Geschäftskunden, den Sie vertreten, Steuererklärungen einzureichen. Für unsere Atlas-Geschäftsgründungsdienste können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um in Ihrem Namen Formulare bei der US-Steuerbehörde IRS und Dokumente bei anderen Regierungsbehörden einzureichen, beispielsweise die Gründungsurkunde im Gründungsstaat.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Parteien weiter, die vom jeweiligen Geschäftskunden ausdrücklich autorisiert wurden, beispielsweise an Finanzpartner, die ein Finanzprodukt vertreiben, oder Drittpartei-Apps oder -Dienste, die der Geschäftskunde neben unseren Geschäftsdienstleistungen nutzen möchte. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Anbieter von Zahlungsmethoden wie Visa oder WeChat Pay benötigen Informationen über Geschäftskunden und ihre Vertreter, die ihre Zahlungsmethoden akzeptieren. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel während des Onboarding-Prozesses oder zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen für diese Geschäftskunden benötigt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Ein Geschäftskunde kann Stripe autorisieren, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, um die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen über Stripe Connect zu erleichtern.
Die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten durch eine von einem Geschäftskunden autorisierte Drittpartei unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung der Drittpartei.
Wenn Sie ein Geschäftskunde sind und Ihr Unternehmen einen Namen trägt, der personenbezogene Daten enthält (beispielsweise ein Einzelunternehmen oder einen Familiennamen als Firmennamen), werden wir diese Daten für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste in der gleichen Weise verwenden und weitergeben, wie wir es mit jedem anderen Firmennamen tun. Dies kann bedeuten, dass er auf Quittungen und anderen Transaktionsbeschreibungen erscheint.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um Risiken zu erkennen und zu steuern, wonach unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für betrügerische Aktivitäten genutzt werden könnten, die Stripe, Endnutzer/innen, Endkunden, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und andere schädigen. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir Informationen über Sie, die wir von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und von unseren Diensten erhalten, um solche Risiken zu vermeiden, einschließlich der Ermittlung von Missbrauchsmustern und der Überwachung von Verstößen gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen. Stripe kann personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Geschäftskunden, unsere Finanzpartner und Drittpartei-Dienstleister weitergeben, um die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen zu überprüfen und Risikoindikatoren zu identifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern auch zur Durchführung von Due-Diligence-Prüfungen, einschließlich der Durchführung von Anti-Geldwäsche- und Sanktionsprüfungen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht, und geben sie weiter.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich der Aktivitäten in Ihrem Stripe-Konto, auch dazu verwenden, Ihre Eignung für Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu beurteilen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu bewerben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.4 Besucher/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen. Weitere Einzelheiten darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Besucher/innen erfassen
Wenn Sie auf unseren Websites surfen, erhalten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entweder direkt von Ihnen oder durch die Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
, um mehr zu erfahren. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, ein Formular auf unserer oder auf der Website Dritter auszufüllen, auf denen unsere Werbeanzeigen erscheinen (wie LinkedIn oder Facebook), erheben wir die Informationen, die Sie in das Formular eingeben. Dies kann Ihre Kontaktinformationen und andere Informationen zu Ihren Fragen über unsere Dienstleistungen umfassen. Wir können Ihren Besuch auch mit einem Standort assoziieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir von Besucher/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben
Personalisierung.
Wir verwenden die Daten, die wir mit Hilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien über Sie erheben, um das Nutzer/innen-Engagement bezüglich der Inhalte der Websites zu messen, die Relevanz und Navigation zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und regionsspezifische Inhalte) und auf Sie zugeschnittene Inhalte über Stripe und unsere Dienste zu erstellen. Da zum Beispiel nicht alle unsere Dienste global verfügbar sind, können wir unsere Antworten auf Ihre Region abstimmen.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Engagement
. Bei Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Websites verwenden wir die Daten, die wir über Ihre Geräte erheben, um Ihnen Möglichkeiten für weitere Interaktionen zu bieten, beispielsweise Diskussionen über Dienste oder Interaktionen mit Chatbots, um Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
2. Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Zusätzlich zu den oben beschriebenen Arten verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten folgendermaßen:
a. Erhebung personenbezogener Daten
Online-Aktivität.
Abhängig vom genutzten Dienst und der Art und Weise, wie unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung von den Geschäftskunden implementiert wird, können wir Daten erheben, die sich auf Folgendes beziehen:
Die Geräte und Browser, die Sie auf unseren Websites und für Websites, Apps und sonstige Online-Dienste von Drittparteien („Drittpartei-Websites“) verwenden.
Nutzungsdaten, die mit diesen Geräten und Browsern und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste assoziiert sind, einschließlich Daten wie IP-Adresse, Plug-ins, Spracheinstellungen, auf den Websites und den Websites Dritter verbrachte Zeit, besuchte Seiten, angeklickte Links, verwendete Zahlungsmethoden und die Seiten, die Sie zu unseren Websites und den Websites Dritter geführt haben. Wir sammeln auch Aktivitätsindikatoren, wie zum Beispiel Mausaktivitätsindikatoren, die uns helfen, Betrug aufzudecken.
Mehr erfahren
. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
.
Informationen zu Kommunikation und Nutzung.
Des Weiteren erheben wir Informationen, die Sie uns über verschiedene Kanäle zur Verfügung stellen, beispielsweise über Support Tickets, E-Mails oder Social Media. Wenn Sie auf E-Mails oder Umfragen von Stripe antworten, erheben wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihren Namen und alle anderen Daten, die Sie in Ihrer E-Mail oder Ihren Antworten angeben. Wenn Sie telefonisch mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen, zeichnen wir Ihre Telefonnummer und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie im Laufe des Gesprächs angeben, auf. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung, wie beispielsweise Ihre Anmeldung für, Anwesenheit bei oder Besuch von Stripe-Veranstaltungen und alle weiteren Interaktionen mit Mitarbeitern und Mitarbeiterinnen von Stripe.
Foren und Diskussionsgruppen.
Sofern unsere Websites das Posten von Inhalten gestatten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit ihrem Beitrag bereitstellen.
b. Verwendung personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Verwendung personenbezogener Daten verwenden wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten:
Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen.
Auf unseren Websites verwenden wir Analysewerkzeuge zum Verständnis Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites und Dienste und zur Diagnose technischer Probleme. Weitere Informationen zu Ihrer Kontrolle über die Verwendung von Cookies und Drittpartei-Analysen finden Sie in unserer
Cookie Policy
. Darüber hinaus erfassen und verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten auch über unsere verschiedenen Dienste, unabhängig davon, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin oder Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und um uns dabei zu unterstützen, unsere Dienste für Sie relevanter und sinnvoller zu gestalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Kommunikation.
Wir verwenden Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, was auch den Versand von Codes per SMS zu Ihrer Authentifizierung beinhalten kann.
Mehr erfahren
. Wenn Sie Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, werden wir mit Ihnen mit Hilfe der Kontaktdaten, die uns über Sie vorliegen, kommunizieren, um Ihnen Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen und die unserer Partner zukommen zu lassen, Sie zur Teilnahme an unseren Veranstaltungen, Umfragen oder Nutzer-Research einzuladen oder anderweitig mit Ihnen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht für Marketingzwecke zu kommunizieren, einschließlich jeglicher Zustimmungs- oder Opt-out-Erfordernisse. Wenn Sie uns beispielsweise Ihre Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung stellen oder wenn wir Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten durch Ihre Teilnahme an Messen oder anderen Veranstaltungen erheben, können wir diese Daten verwenden, um mit Ihnen bezüglich einer Veranstaltung in Kontakt zu treten, Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Sie in unsere Marketing-Informationskampagnen einzubeziehen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, können wir unsere Gespräche mit Ihnen aufzeichnen, um unsere Dienste zu erbringen, unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Forschung und Qualitätssicherung zu betreiben und darüber hinaus zu Schulungszwecken.
Social Media und Werbeaktionen
. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten übermitteln, um ein Angebot, ein Programm oder eine Werbeaktion in Anspruch zu nehmen, verwenden wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verwaltung des Angebots, des Programms oder der Werbeaktion. Wir verwenden die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zusammen mit den personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Social-Media-Plattformen zur Verfügung stellen, auch für Marketingzwecke, es sei denn, wir sind dazu nicht berechtigt.
Betrugsprävention und Sicherheit.
Wir erheben und verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um betrügerische oder schädigende Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten zu erkennen und zu steuern, unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugserkennung bereitzustellen und um unsere Dienste und Transaktionen vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Manipulation oder Veruntreuung von personenbezogenen Daten, Informationen und Geldern zu schützen. Wir erheben Daten von Dritten (beispielsweise Kreditauskunfteien) und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste im Rahmen der Betrugsprävention, Betrugserkennung, Sicherheitsüberwachung und Compliance-Maßnahmen für Stripe und seine Geschäftskunden. In bestimmten Fällen können wir auch Daten über Sie direkt von Ihnen oder von unseren Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern und anderen Dritten zu denselben Zwecken erheben. Darüber hinaus können wir zum Schutz unserer Dienste Informationen wie IP-Adressen und andere identifizierende Daten über potenzielle Sicherheitsbedrohungen von Drittparteien beziehen.
Mehr erfahren
. Derartige Informationen helfen uns bei Identitätsverifizierungen und Bonitätsprüfungen, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist, sowie bei der Betrugsprävention. Darüber hinaus können wir Technologien einsetzen, um das potenzielle Betrugsrisiko bei Personen zu bewerten, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen wollen, oder das Risiko, das sich aus versuchten Transaktionen von Endkundinnen/Endkunden oder Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern mit unseren Geschäftskunden oder Finanzpartnern ergibt.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zur Geldwäschebekämpfung, zur KYC-Gesetzgebung (Know-Your-Customer), zur Terrorismusbekämpfung, zum Schutz gefährdeter Kunden, zur Exportkontrolle und zum Verbot von Geschäften mit eingeschränkten Personen oder in bestimmten Geschäftsbereichen sowie andere gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zum Beispiel können wir Transaktionsmuster und andere Online-Signale analysieren und diese Erkenntnisse nutzen, um Betrug, Geldwäsche und andere unlautere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die Stripe, unsere Finanzpartner, Endnutzer/innen, unsere Geschäftskunden und andere betreffen könnten.
Mehr erfahren
. Sicherheit und Rechtskonformität unserer Dienste haben für uns oberste Priorität. Die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten ist für diese Zwecke unerlässlich.
Minderjährige.
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Deshalb bitten wir diese, keine personenbezogenen Daten an uns zu übermitteln, um Dienste direkt von Stripe zu beziehen. In bestimmten Ländern können wir nach geltendem Recht auch höhere Altersgrenzen festlegen.
c. Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten geben wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten weiter:
Mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen für die in dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke weiter.
Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter.
Um unsere Dienste bereitstellen, bekannt machen, vermarkten und bewerben zu können, arbeiten wir mit Dienstleistern zusammen. Diese Dienstleister erbringen wichtige Leistungen – von der Bereitstellung der Cloud-Infrastruktur über die analytische Auswertung von Geschwindigkeit, Genauigkeit und/oder Sicherheit unserer Dienste und die Identitätsverifizierung bis hin zu Kundenservice und Audit-Funktionen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist die Verwendung oder Offenlegung der von uns bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten gestattet, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen und die einschlägigen rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zudem werden diese Dienstleister von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten. Die Mehrheit der Dienstleister, deren Dienste wir in Anspruch nehmen, befindet sich in der EU, den Vereinigten Staaten und in Indien.
Mehr erfahren
.
Finanzpartner.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an bestimmte Finanzpartner weiter, um Geschäftskunden, die solche Dienste in Anspruch nehmen möchten, Dienste anbieten zu können, und um bestimmte Dienste in Verbindung mit diesen Finanzpartnern anzubieten. So geben wir beispielsweise bestimmte personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen, wie Kreditrückzahlungsdaten und Kontaktinformationen, an institutionelle Anleger weiter, die Kredite kaufen oder anbieten, die durch die von uns gewährten Kapitaldarlehen an die Geschäftskunden, mit denen sie assoziiert sind, gesichert sind.
Andere mit Einwilligung.
In manchen Fällen bieten wir eine Dienstleistung nicht an, sondern verweisen Sie stattdessen an andere (wie beispielsweise professionelle Dienstleistungsunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um den Atlas-Dienst zu realisieren). In diesen Fällen werden wir die Identität der Drittpartei und die Informationen, die an diese weitergegeben werden sollen, offenlegen und Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, diese Informationen weiterzugeben.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Im Rahmen einer vollständigen oder teilweisen tatsächlichen oder beabsichtigten Umstrukturierung unseres Unternehmens durch Sanierung, Fusion, Verkauf, Joint-Venture, Abtretung, Übertragung oder Führungswechsel oder im Fall einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Veräußerung unseres Unternehmens, unserer Vermögenswerte oder Aktienbestände können wir personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergeben. Wird Stripe ganz oder teilweise von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben, ist dieses Unternehmen dazu berechtigt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin zu verwenden. Dies darf jedoch nur in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung geschehen.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften und Schadensabwehr.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten weiter, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, um die von den Finanzpartnern im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung ihrer Zahlungsmethode auferlegten Regeln einzuhalten, um unsere vertraglichen Rechte durchzusetzen, um die Dienste, Rechte, den Datenschutz, die Sicherheit und das Eigentum von Stripe, Ihnen und anderen zu sichern und zu schützen, einschließlich gegen unlautere oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, und um auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Gerichten, Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Aufsichtsbehörden und anderen öffentlichen und staatlichen Stellen zu reagieren, zu denen auch Stellen außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes gehören können.
3. Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Für die Zwecke der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer geltender Datenschutzgesetze stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine Reihe von Rechtsgrundlagen.
Mehr erfahren
. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlagen gelten, die im Abschnitt
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
weiter unten erläutert werden.
a. Vertragliche und vorvertragliche Geschäftsbeziehungen.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um Geschäftsbeziehungen mit potenziellen Geschäftskunden und Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern einzugehen und unsere jeweiligen vertraglichen Verpflichtungen mit ihnen zu erfüllen. Zu diesen Verarbeitungstätigkeiten zählen:
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe-Konten und Anmeldedaten für Stripe-Konten, einschließlich der Prüfung von Anfragen zur erstmaligen oder erweiterten Nutzung der von uns erbrachten Dienste;
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe Checkout-Konten;
Aktivitäten im Rahmen von Buchhaltung, Auditing und Abrechnung; sowie
Zahlungsabwicklung und damit zusammenhängende Aktivitäten wie Betrugserkennung, Verlustprävention, Transaktionsoptimierung, Mitteilungen über solche Zahlungen und damit zusammenhängende Kundendienstaktivitäten.
b. Rechtskonformität.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um die Identität von natürlichen und juristischen Personen zu verifizieren, um Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsüberwachung, -prävention und -erkennung, Gesetzen im Zusammenhang mit der Identifizierung und Meldung illegaler und rechtswidriger Aktivitäten, beispielsweise im Rahmen der Vorschriften zur Geldwäschebekämpfung (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) und zur Kundenidentifizierung (KYC – Know-Your-Customer), sowie Finanzberichterstattungspflichten nachzukommen. So kann es beispielsweise erforderlich sein, die Identität eines Geschäftskunden zu erfassen und zu überprüfen, um Vorschriften zur Verhinderung von Geldwäsche, Betrug und Finanzkriminalität einzuhalten. Diese Rechtsvorschriften können uns dazu verpflichten, Rechenschaft gegenüber Dritten abzulegen und uns Prüfungen durch Dritte zu unterziehen.
c. Berechtigte Interessen.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unsere berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen. Die folgende Liste enthält Beispiele für Geschäftszwecke, für die wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten haben:
Erkennung, Verfolgung und Verhinderung von betrügerischen Handlungen und nicht autorisierten Zahlungsvorgängen;
Minimierung finanzieller Verluste, Ansprüche, Verbindlichkeiten oder anderer Schäden für Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Endnutzer/innen, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und Stripe;
Feststellung der Eignung für neue Stripe-Dienstleistungen sowie deren Angebot (
Mehr erfahren
);
Beantwortung von Anfragen, Zustellung von Servicemeldungen und Erbringung von Kundensupport;
Vermarktung, Analyse, Änderung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, Systeme und Tools sowie die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Verbesserung der Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste;
Verwaltung, Betrieb und Verbesserung der Leistung unserer Websites und Dienste mithilfe von Informationen über ihre Effektivität und die Optimierung unserer digitalen Ressourcen;
Analyse und Werbung für unsere Dienste und damit verbundene Verbesserungen;
Gesamtanalysen und Entwicklung von Business-Intelligence-Lösungen, die uns dabei unterstützen, unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten auszuführen und zu schützen, fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen und über die Leistung unseres Unternehmens zu berichten;
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an die Drittpartei-Dienstleister, die in unserem Namen Dienste anbieten, und an Geschäftspartner, die uns bei der Ausübung und Optimierung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit unterstützen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Gewährleistung der Netzwerk- und Informationssicherheit bei Stripe und den von Stripe erbrachten Diensten; sowie
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
d. Einwilligung.
Bei der Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste wie Link, Financial Connections, Atlas und Identity können wir uns auf Ihre Einwilligung bzw. ausdrückliche Einwilligung stützen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung hat, die auf der Grundlage der Einwilligung vor deren Widerruf erfolgt ist.
e. Erhebliches öffentliches Interesse.
Wir können besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten im Sinne der DSGVO verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses und im Einklang mit geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, beispielsweise wenn wir Überprüfungen politisch exponierter Personen vornehmen. Ferner können wir auch personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit strafrechtlichen Verurteilungen und Straftaten verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung durch geltendes Recht autorisiert ist, beispielsweise wenn wir ein Sanktionsscreening durchführen, um den AML- und KYC-Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
4. Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Je nach Standort und geltendem Recht haben Sie im Hinblick auf unsere Erhebung, Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestimmte Wahlmöglichkeiten:
a. Abmeldung von der elektronischen Kommunikation mit uns.
Wenn Sie keine marketingbezogenen E-Mails mehr von uns erhalten möchten, können Sie sich abmelden, indem Sie auf den in diesen E-Mails enthaltenen Abmeldelink klicken oder wie
hier
beschrieben. Wir werden versuchen, Ihre Anfrage schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns das Recht vorbehalten, mit Ihnen über die von Ihnen in Anspruch genommenen Dienste zu kommunizieren (beispielsweise über Support und wichtige rechtliche Hinweise), auch wenn Sie sich gegen den Erhalt marketingbezogener E-Mails von uns entscheiden. Trotzdem können Geschäftskunden Ihnen Nachrichten schicken oder uns anweisen, Ihnen in ihrem Namen Nachrichten zu schicken.
b. Ihre Datenschutzrechte.
Je nach Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie unter Umständen folgende Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben:
Das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob Stripe personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die mit Ihnen assoziiert sind, und wenn ja, Zugang zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe zur Berichtigung und Aktualisierung von falschen, unvollständigen oder veralteten personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, unter bestimmten, gesetzlich festgelegten Umständen von Stripe die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe unter bestimmten Umständen (beispielsweise während der Bearbeitung eines anderen von Ihnen eingebrachten Antrags wie etwa eines Antrags auf Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) zur Einschränkung der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir vorhalten, an ein anderes Unternehmen exportieren, sofern dies technisch möglich ist;
Das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Einwilligung erfolgt;
Das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen, wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen verarbeiten; sofern keine zwingenden berechtigten Gründe vorliegen oder die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, werden wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Erhalt Ihres Widerspruchs einstellen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, wegen der Ausübung dieser Rechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden; und
Das Recht darauf, gegen jede diese Rechte betreffende Entscheidung von Stripe Widerspruch einzulegen, indem Sie sich an die Datenschutzbeauftragten von Stripe („DSB“) unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden.
Je nach geltendem Recht haben Sie möglicherweise weitergehende Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten. Beispiele finden Sie im Abschnitt „Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen“ unter „Vereinigte Staaten“ weiter unten.
c. Verfahren zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte
Besuchen Sie zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte unser
Datenschutzcenter
oder kontaktieren Sie uns wie unten beschrieben.
5. Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Wir treffen geeignete Vorkehrungen, um ein Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten, das dem Risiko bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angemessen ist. Dazu setzen wir organisatorische, technische und administrative Maßnahmen ein, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die unter diese Erklärung fallen, vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Leider ist kein Datenübertragungs- oder Speichersystem absolut sicher.
Wir empfehlen, uns beim Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu unterstützen. Wenn Sie ein Stripe-Konto besitzen, können Sie dies durch die Verwendung eines sicheren Passworts, den Schutz Ihres Passworts vor unbefugter Nutzung und die Vermeidung der mehrfachen Verwendung der Anmeldedaten für Ihr Stripe-Konto auch bei anderen Diensten oder Konten tun. Wenn Sie den Verdacht haben, dass Ihre Interaktionen mit uns nicht mehr sicher sind (z. B. wenn Sie glauben, dass die Sicherheit Ihres Stripe-Kontos nicht mehr gewährleistet ist),
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte umgehend.
Wir halten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange vor, wie wir Ihnen oder unseren Geschäftskunden die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, oder für einen Zeitraum, bei dem wir vernünftigerweise davon ausgehen, dass wir die Dienste weiterhin anbieten. Auch nachdem wir die Bereitstellung von Diensten für Sie oder einen Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, eingestellt haben, und auch nachdem Sie Ihr Stripe-Konto geschlossen oder eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden abgeschlossen haben, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, um:
unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen,
Aktivitäten zur Betrugsüberwachung, -aufdeckung und Verlustprävention zu ermöglichen, und
zur Erfüllung unserer steuerlichen, buchhalterischen und finanzwirtschaftlichen Berichtspflichten, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen eine solche Aufbewahrung durch unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen mit unseren Finanzpartnern vorgeschrieben ist (und in denen die Aufbewahrung von Daten durch die von Ihnen verwendeten Zahlungsmethoden vorgeschrieben ist).
In den Fällen, in denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, tun wir dies in Übereinstimmung mit allen Verjährungsfristen und Aufzeichnungspflichten, die uns durch geltendes Recht auferlegt werden.
Mehr erfahren
.
6. Internationale Datenübermittlung
Für uns als globales Unternehmen ist es manchmal notwendig, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder als Ihr eigenes zu übermitteln, einschließlich der Vereinigten Staaten. In diesen Ländern gelten unter Umständen andere Datenschutzbestimmungen als in Ihrem Land. Bei der grenzüberschreitenden Übermittlung von Daten ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Einhaltung geltender Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf eine solche Übermittlung. In bestimmten Situationen kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten auf rechtmäßige Anfrage von Behörden (beispielsweise Strafverfolgungs- oder Sicherheitsbehörden) hin offenlegen müssen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“), im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) oder in der Schweiz ansässig sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
. Wenn das geltende Recht einen Datenübertragungsmechanismus verlangt, verwenden wir einen oder mehrere der folgenden Mechanismen:
Übermittlungen in bestimmte Länder oder an Empfänger, die nach geltendem Recht anerkanntermaßen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau für personenbezogene Daten bieten.
Die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten EU-Standardvertragsklauseln und das vom UK Information Commissioner's Office herausgegebene Zusatzprotokoll zum internationalen Datentransfer. Sie können ein Exemplar der einschlägigen Standardvertragsklauseln erhalten. Weitere Informationen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Weitere rechtmäßige Methoden, die uns nach geltendem Recht zur Verfügung stehen.
Stripe, Inc. hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework („EU-U.S. DPF“), die UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF und das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt und soweit anwendbar.
Mehr erfahren
.
7. Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, um neue Dienste, Änderungen unserer Datenschutzpraktiken oder der relevanten Gesetze widerzuspiegeln. Die Legende „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Richtlinie zeigt an, wann diese Richtlinie zuletzt überarbeitet wurde. Alle Änderungen treten in Kraft, sobald wir die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu den Diensten veröffentlicht oder auf andere Weise über die Aktualisierung informiert haben, wie dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, je nachdem, welcher der Zeitpunkt später ist.
Wir können Ihnen Offenlegungen und Warnungen bezüglich der Richtlinie oder erhobener personenbezogener Daten durch Veröffentlichung auf unserer Website und, wenn Sie ein Endnutzer oder Vertreter sind, durch Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Ihr Stripe Dashboard, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder die in Ihrem Stripe-Konto angegebene physische Adresse zukommen lassen.
8. Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Australien.
Sollten Sie in Australien ansässig sein und mit unserer Bearbeitung von Beschwerden, die Sie im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorbringen, unzufrieden sein, können Sie sich an das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner wenden.
Brasilien.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. In Brasilien ansässige Personen, für die das Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais („LGPD“) gilt, haben die in Artikel 18 des LGPD festgelegten Rechte.
Kanada.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), den Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 in British Columbia, den Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5 in Alberta und den Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Data in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (Quebec Private Sector Act) in Quebec. „Personenbezogene Daten“ umfasst „persönliche Informationen“ gemäß der Definition in diesen Gesetzen.
Quebec.
Der Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe ist für personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des Quebec Private Sector Act verantwortlich. Sie können per E-Mail unter privacy@stripe.com mit ihm Kontakt aufnehmen. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von in Quebec ansässigen Personen erheben, können wir diese Daten an Datenzentren in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen. Dienstleister, die wir zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einsetzen, können auch außerhalb von Quebec ansässig sein.
Sie haben das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie speichern, sowie ihre Berichtigung zu verlangen oder Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Sie können diese Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich unter privacy@stripe.com an den Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe wenden. Wenn Sie ein Endkunde sind, sollten Sie sich zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte an den Geschäftskunden wenden, mit dem Sie Geschäfte getätigt haben.
EWR und Vereinigtes Königreich.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Wenn Sie im EWR ansässig sind oder wenn Stripe Payments Europe Limited als Ihr Datenverantwortlicher identifiziert wird und Sie glauben, dass unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) widerspricht, können Sie Ihre Fragen oder Beschwerden an die irische Datenschutzkommission richten. Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, richten Sie Ihre Fragen oder Bedenken an das UK Information Commissioner's Office. Wenn personenbezogene Daten für regulierte Finanzaktivitäten in Europa verwendet werden, gelten Stripe Payments Europe Limited und die lokalen regulierten Unternehmen von Stripe als gemeinsam Verantwortliche.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem haben Sie zusätzliche Rechte gemäß EU-U.S. DPF und UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Mehr erfahren
.
Indien.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), sobald dieser in Kraft getreten ist. Darüber hinaus schließt der Begriff „Datenverantwortlicher“ auch „Datentreuhänder“ und der Begriff „betroffene Person“ auch „Auftraggeber“ ein, jeweils gemäß der Definition im DPDPA.
In einigen Fällen können wir uns auf die „berechtigte Verwendung“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, sofern dies nach DPDPA zulässig ist. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. „Consent Manager“ im Sinne des DPDPA können einen Antrag auf Widerruf oder Erteilung der Einwilligung stellen, indem sie die im folgenden Abschnitt „Kontakt“ beschriebenen Methoden verwenden, oder wie im folgenden Absatz beschrieben, oder über andere Mittel, die Stripe in Zukunft zur Verfügung stellt. Bevor wir eine solche Anfrage bearbeiten, können wir einen Autorisierungs- und Identitätsnachweis verlangen.
In bestimmten Fällen können Sie aufgefordert werden, der Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Aadhaar-Nummer durch Stripe India Private Limited und/oder seine(n) Verifizierungspartner zuzustimmen. Der Zweck dieser Erhebung besteht darin, das nach geltendem Recht vorgeschriebene Identifikationsverifizierungsverfahren zu erleichtern. Die Angabe Ihrer Aadhaar-Daten ist freiwillig. Sie können auch andere Identifikationsdokumente bereitstellen, sofern diese von uns akzeptiert werden. Ihnen wird kein Dienst verweigert werden, wenn Sie keine Aadhaar-Angaben machen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Indien haben oder wenn Sie diese Erklärung erhalten oder mit uns über den Datenschutz in einer der indischen Amtssprachen kommunizieren möchten,
wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Mehr erfahren
. Alternativ können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Falls wir nicht in der Lage sind, auf Ihre Beschwerde oder Ihr Anliegen einzugehen, haben Sie das Recht, die Angelegenheit zum Data Protection Board of India weiterzuleiten.
Indonesien.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Gesetz Nr. 11 aus dem Jahr 2008, geändert durch das Gesetz Nr. 19 aus dem Jahr 2016 über elektronische Informationen und Transaktionen, die Regierungsverordnung Nr. 71 aus dem Jahr 2019 über die Einführung elektronischer Systeme und Transaktionen sowie die Verordnung des Ministers für Kommunikation und Informatik Nr. 20 aus dem Jahr 2016 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten in elektronischen Systemen und ab September 2024 das Gesetz Nr. 27 aus dem Jahr 2022 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten (PDP-Gesetz). Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Japan.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten betroffener Personen in Japan in Länder übermitteln, die von der Kommission für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten nicht als „angemessen“ anerkannt sind, schließen wir schriftliche Verträge mit Drittparteien ab, die sich außerhalb Japans befinden. Diese schriftlichen Verträge sehen Rechte und Pflichten vor, die denen des japanischen Act on the Protection of Personal Information entsprechen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir sicherstellen, dass Drittparteien Ihre Daten schützen und wo sich Ihre Daten befinden, erhalten Sie oben oder von uns wie unten beschrieben. Eine Beschreibung ausländischer Systeme und Rahmenwerke, welche die Implementierung gleichwertiger Maßnahmen durch die Drittpartei beeinflussen können, finden Sie
hier
.
In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem APPI zulässig, können wir uns auf das „öffentliche Interesse“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, wie beispielsweise bei der Aufdeckung von Betrug und der Verhinderung von Verlusten.
Malaysia.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Singapur.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) (Nr. 26 von 2012) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem PDPA zulässig, können wir uns auf eine „mutmaßliche Einwilligung“ als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Schweiz.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Bundesgesetz über den Datenschutz (DSG) in seiner revidierten Fassung. Zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem DSG wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten. Möglicherweise haben Sie auch zusätzliche Rechte im Rahmen des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, sobald dieses in Kraft tritt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Thailand.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „anwendbares Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA). Sind wir auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen angewiesen (beispielsweise „gesetzliche Verpflichtung“ oder „vertragliche Notwendigkeit“) und stellen Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, können wir Ihnen möglicherweise unsere Dienste nicht rechtmäßig anbieten. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Vereinigte Staaten.
Wenn Sie ein/e in den Vereinigten Staaten („USA“) ansässige/r Verbraucher/in sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den US-amerikanischen Datenschutzgesetzen, einschließlich des California Consumer Privacy Act („CCPA“), Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, Florida Digital Bill of Rights, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act sowie des Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie
hier
. Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Stripe, einschließlich Werbe-Cookies, ist in unserer
Cookie Policy
beschrieben.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Als Verbraucher in den Vereinigten Staaten haben Sie – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Einschränkungen durch die Datenschutzgesetze der Vereinigten Staaten – gegebenenfalls Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns (
Weitere Informationen
über die Metriken für die Rechte betroffener Personen). Zusätzlich zu den
oben genannten Rechten
:
Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts: Sie haben das Recht, zusätzliche Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten anzufordern, die erhoben, verkauft, offengelegt oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Zwecke, für die diese personenbezogenen Daten erhoben, verkauft oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Kategorien der Quellen personenbezogener Daten; und über die Kategorien von Drittparteien, denen gegenüber wir diese personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt oder an sie weitergegeben haben.
Ausübung des Rechts, den Verkauf oder die Weitergabe abzulehnen: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten, wie oben angemerkt, an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. Da diese Drittparteien die von Stripe gelieferten Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden können, könnte die Lieferung von Daten durch Stripe an diese Parteien als „Verkauf“ oder „Weitergabe“ von Daten im Sinne des CCPA und anderer geltender US-Datenschutzgesetze betrachtet werden. Sie können sich
hier
gegen gezielte Werbung und den damit verbundenen „Verkauf“ bzw. die „Weitergabe“ von Daten entscheiden.
Ausübung des Rechts, die Nutzung oder Weitergabe sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken: Wir verkaufen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne der US-Datenschutzgesetze und haben dies auch in den letzten 12 Monaten nicht getan. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Erhebung und Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten in den letzten 12 Monaten finden Sie
hier
.
Um einen Antrag zur Ausübung eines der oben beschriebenen Rechte zu stellen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte anhand der im Abschnitt „Kontakt“ unten beschriebenen Methoden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Rechte nach einigen Gesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten nicht für personenbezogene Daten gelten, die wir erheben, verarbeiten und weitergeben, wenn Sie als Verbraucher/in handeln, um Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen von Stripe für private Zwecke zu beziehen. Der bundesweite Gramm-Leach Bliley Act kann regeln, wie Stripe diese Daten stattdessen weitergibt und schützt. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung für US-Verbraucher/innen
.
Wir werden Ihre Anfrage verifizieren, indem wir Sie bitten, sie von der in Ihrem Konto hinterlegten E-Mail-Adresse aus zu senden, oder indem wir Informationen von Ihnen verlangen, die zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität erforderlich sind, einschließlich Name, Adresse, Transaktionshistorie, Lichtbildausweis und sonstige mit Ihrem Konto verbundene Informationen.
Sie können schriftlich oder durch eine Vollmacht eine bevollmächtigte Vertreterin/einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, die/der in Ihrem Namen Anfragen einreicht, um Ihre Rechte gemäß dem CCPA auszuüben. Ihre Vertreterin/Ihr Vertreter kann eine Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einreichen, indem er/sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschriebenen Wege in Verbindung setzt. Wir können Sie trotzdem auffordern, Ihre Identität direkt zu verifizieren und zu bestätigen, dass Sie der bevollmächtigten Vertreterin/dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Berechtigung erteilt haben, Ihre Anfrage zu übermitteln.
Global-Privacy-Control-Signale.
Stripe beachtet die Signale der Global Privacy Control (GPC) zur Opt-out-Einstellung.
Mehr erfahren
9. Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben,
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte. Wenn Sie eine Endkundin oder ein Endkunde sind (d. h. eine Einzelperson, die mit einem Geschäftskunden geschäftlich zu tun hat oder Transaktionen tätigt), lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärungen oder -hinweise des Geschäftskunden, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren, oder wenden Sie sich direkt an den Geschäftskunden.
10. Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise für Verbraucher/innen gelten für Sie, wenn Sie eine natürliche Person mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten sind und Finanzdienstleistungen von Stripe in erster Linie für Ihre eigenen privaten Zwecke in Familie und Haushalt nutzen.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 16. Januar 2024
FAKTEN
WAS MACHT STRIPE MIT IHREN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Warum?
Finanzunternehmen entscheiden, wie sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben.  Bundesgesetze berechtigen Verbraucher/innen, einige, aber nicht alle Formen der Weitergabe einzuschränken.  Darüber hinaus sind wir durch Bundesgesetze dazu verpflichtet, Sie darüber zu informieren, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, weitergeben und schützen.  Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweise sorgfältig durch, um sich über unsere Tätigkeit zu informieren.
Was?
Die Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben und weitergeben, hängen vom Produkt oder Dienst ab, den Sie bei uns in Anspruch nehmen. Diese Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Sozialversicherungsnummer
Kontaktangaben
Kontostand und Transaktionsverlauf
Details und Verlauf von Zahlungen, Transaktionen und Käufen
Wenn Sie
nicht länger
unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, geben wir Ihre Daten weiterhin wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben weiter.
Wie?
Alle Finanzunternehmen müssen zur Abwicklung ihrer Geschäfte personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben. Im folgenden Abschnitt führen wir die Gründe auf, aus denen Finanzunternehmen personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben können, die Gründe, aus denen Stripe sich für eine Weitergabe entscheidet, und ob Sie diese Weitergabe einschränken können.
Gründe, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben können
Weitergabe durch Stripe?
Können Sie die Weitergabe einschränken?
Für unsere laufenden Geschäftszwecke, z. B. um Ihre Transaktionen zu bearbeiten, Ihre Konten zu führen, auf gerichtliche Anordnungen und Ermittlungen zu reagieren oder um an Kreditauskunfteien zu berichten
Ja
Nein
Für unsere Marketingzwecke: um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten
Ja
Nein
Für die gemeinsame Vermarktung mit weiteren Unternehmen der Finanzbranche
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen und Erfahrungen
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Bonität
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für unsere verbundenen Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Link-Nutzer/in sind
Ja
Ja
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Nutzer/in von Financial Connections sind
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Zur Einschränkung unserer Weitergabe
Besuchen Sie uns online unter
https://support.link.com
Bitte beachten Sie:
Wenn Sie eine Neukundin/ein Neukunde sind, dürfen wir mit der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten 30 Tage nach dem Versand dieser Hinweise beginnen. Wenn Sie nicht länger unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, setzen wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben fort.
Sie können sich jedoch jederzeit an uns wenden, um unsere Weitergabe einzuschränken.
Fragen?
Sie können uns jederzeit unter
privacy@stripe.com
kontaktieren oder auf
https://support.link.com
besuchen
Wer wir sind
Wer gibt diese Hinweise?
Stripe, Inc. und Stripe Payments Company sowie deren verbundene Unternehmen, die in den USA Zahlungen für Verbraucher/innen anbieten.
Was wir tun
Wie schützt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen, setzen wir im Einklang mit dem US-Bundesrecht entsprechende Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein.  Zu diesen Maßnahmen zählen Computerschutzmaßnahmen sowie gesicherte Unterlagen und Gebäude.  Wir kontrollieren den Zugang und führen eine ständige Überwachung durch, um Datenmissbrauch zu verhindern. Von unseren Dienstleistern verlangen wir, dass sie vergleichbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten ergreifen.
Wie erhebt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zum Beispiel, wenn Sie
ein Link-Konto eröffnen;
Stripe mit der Abwicklung einer Zahlung für Waren oder Dienstleistungen beauftragen;
Stripe über Financial Connections Bankkontodaten zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch von anderen, beispielsweise von verbundenen oder anderen Unternehmen.
Warum kann ich nicht die gesamte Weitergabe einschränken?
Das Bundesrecht erlaubt Ihnen nur,
die Weitergabe von Bonitätsangaben für die laufenden Geschäfte der verbundenen Unternehmen zu beschränken,
die Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch verbundene Unternehmen zu beschränken, die an Sie vermarkten,
die Weitergabe an nicht verbundene Unternehmen einzuschränken, die an Sie vermarkten.
Bundesstaatliche Gesetze und einzelne Unternehmen können Ihnen zusätzliche Rechte zur Einschränkung der Weitergabe einräumen. Im nachfolgenden Abschnitt „Weitere wichtige Informationen“ finden Sie weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten nach bundesstaatlichem Recht.
Was geschieht, wenn ich die Weitergabe für ein Konto einschränke, das ich gemeinsam mit einer anderen Person unterhalte?
Die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten für alle Kontoinhaber/innen.
Definitionen
Verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind. Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zählen solche, die unter dem Namen Stripe agieren, wie Stripe Payments Europe, Limited und Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Nicht verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die nicht durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind.  Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu den nicht verbundenen Unternehmen, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, gehören Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste oder Funktionen erbringen, Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie Transaktionen durchführen, Partner, mit denen wir Daten austauschen, um Ihnen Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Gemeinsames Marketing
Eine förmliche Vereinbarung zwischen nicht verbundenen Finanzunternehmen, die gemeinsam Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen an Sie vermarkten.
Zu unseren Partnern für gemeinsames Marketing gehören Unternehmen aus der Finanzbranche, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen anzubieten.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Vermont: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Vermont verknüpft ist, werden wir keine Informationen über Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihre Kreditauskunft oder Ihre Gesundheitsinformationen nicht an nicht verbundene Dritte weitergeben, um an Sie zu vermarkten – es sei denn, dies ist nach dem Gesetz von Vermont zulässig, oder Sie ermächtigen uns, diese Offenlegungen vorzunehmen.  Für gemeinsames Marketing geben wir nur Ihren Namen, Ihre Kontaktinformationen und Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen weiter.  Weitere Informationen zu unseren Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung
und
Datenschutzcenter
.
Kalifornien: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Kalifornien verknüpft ist, geben wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, nur in dem Umfang weiter, der nach kalifornischem Recht zulässig ist.  Beispielsweise können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenlegen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder von Ihnen angeforderte Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Ihre Anfrage hin bereitzustellen, wenn dies zur Risikokontrolle des Finanzinstituts erforderlich ist, und um uns gegen Betrug, Identitätsdiebstahl und nicht autorisierte Transaktionen zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken finden Sie im
Stripe-Datenschutzcenter
.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.apple.com/de/legal/privacy/de-ww/:
Apple
Store
Das Neueste kaufen
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Zubehör
Store finden
Bestellstatus
Apple Trade In
Finanzierung
Persönliches Setup
Zertifiziert Refurbished
Bildung
Business
Mac
Alles über den Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Mac vergleichen
Wechsel vom PC zum Mac
Mac kaufen
Mac Zubehör
Apple Trade In
Finanzierung
Mac Support
AppleCare+ für Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps von Apple
Integration
iCloud+
Mac fürs Business
Bildung
iPad
Alles über das iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Tastaturen
iPad vergleichen
Warum iPad
iPad kaufen
iPad Zubehör
Apple Trade In
Finanzierung
iPad Support
AppleCare+ für iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Features für Familien
Apps von Apple
iCloud+
Bildung
iPhone
Alles über das iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
iPhone vergleichen
Wechsel von Android
iPhone kaufen
iPhone Zubehör
Apple Trade In
Finanzierung
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ für iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Features für Familien
Apps von Apple
iPhone Datenschutz
iCloud+
Apple Pay
Siri
Watch
Alles über die Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Watch vergleichen
Warum Apple Watch
Apple Watch kaufen
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Armbänder
Apple Watch Zubehör
Apple Trade In
Finanzierung
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch für deine Kinder
Apps von Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Apple Vision Pro entdecken
Geführte Tour
Technische Daten
Apple Vision Pro kaufen
Apple Vision Pro Zubehör
Demo buchen
Finanzierung
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Alles über die AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
AirPods vergleichen
AirPods kaufen
AirPods Zubehör
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ für Kopfhörer
Hörgesundheit
Apple Music
TV & Home
TV & Home entdecken
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Apple TV 4K kaufen
HomePod kaufen
HomePod mini kaufen
Siri Remote kaufen
TV & Home Zubehör
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV App
Apple TV+
Home App
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Entertainment entdecken
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Zubehör
Zubehör kaufen
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Von Apple entwickelt
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Support entdecken
Community
Schutz prüfen
Reparatur
Hol dir AppleCare+
Apple Account und Passwort
Rechnungen und Abos
Bedienungs­hilfen
Store finden
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
AirTag
Apple Trade In
0
+
Datenschutz
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Überblick
Features
Kontrolle
Labels
Transparenz­bericht
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Deutsch
Wähle deine bevorzugte Sprache.
Wir bei Apple glauben fest daran, dass Datenschutz ein Grundrecht ist – und dass dieses Grundrecht nicht davon abhängen sollte, wo auf der Welt Sie leben.
Aus diesem Grund behandeln wir alle Daten, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare Person beziehen oder die von Apple mit dieser Person verknüpft oder verknüpfbar sind, als „personenbezogene Daten“, unabhängig davon, wo die Person lebt.
Das bedeutet, dass sowohl Daten, die Sie direkt identifizieren – z. B. Ihr Name – als auch Daten, die Sie nicht direkt identifizieren, die aber zu Ihrer Identifizierung verwendet werden können – z. B. die Seriennummer Ihres Geräts –, personenbezogene Daten sind. Aggregierte Daten gelten im Sinne dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie als nicht personenbezogene Daten.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt, wie
Apple oder ein Apple Partnerunternehmen
(gemeinsam „Apple“) mit personenbezogenen Daten umgeht, unabhängig davon, ob Sie mit uns auf unseren Websites, über Apple Apps (wie Apple Music oder Wallet) oder persönlich (auch telefonisch oder beim Besuch eines Apple Stores) interagieren. Apple kann auch Links zu Drittanbietern auf unseren Diensten oder Apps von Drittanbietern zum Download in unserem App Store zur Verfügung stellen. Die Apple Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht dafür, wie Drittanbieter personenbezogene Daten definieren oder verwenden. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die Datenschutzrichtlinien von Drittanbietern zu lesen und sich mit Ihren Datenschutzrechten vertraut zu machen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Wir bei Apple geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten, auf sie zuzugreifen, sie zu korrigieren, zu übertragen, ihre Verarbeitung einzuschränken und sie zu löschen. Wir gewähren diese Rechte unserem weltweiten Kundenstamm, und wenn Sie sich entscheiden, diese Datenschutzrechte auszuüben, haben Sie das Recht, weder diskriminierend behandelt zu werden noch einen minderwertigen Dienst von Apple zu erhalten. Wenn Sie aufgefordert werden, der Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Apple zuzustimmen, haben Sie auch das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Um Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf den Datenschutz wahrzunehmen, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen ein Drittanbieter im Namen von Apple handelt, besuchen Sie die Apple Daten- und Datenschutzseite unter
privacy.apple.com
für Apple oder
shazam.com/privacy
für Shazam.
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen, müssen Sie sich bei Ihrem Account anmelden, und Ihre Identität wird überprüft. Wenn Sie eine Kopie Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten wünschen, die derzeit nicht unter
privacy.apple.com
verfügbar ist, können Sie diese unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
anfordern. Sie haben auch das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen.
Es kann Situationen geben, in denen wir Ihrer Bitte nicht nachkommen können – zum Beispiel wenn Sie uns bitten, Ihre Transaktionsdaten zu löschen, Apple aber gesetzlich verpflichtet ist, diese Transaktion aufzuzeichnen. Wir können einen Antrag auch ablehnen, wenn dies unsere rechtmäßige Verwendung der Daten zur Betrugsbekämpfung und zu Sicherheitszwecken untergraben würde, etwa wenn Sie die Löschung eines Accounts beantragen, der wegen Sicherheitsbedenken untersucht wird. Ihre Datenschutzanfrage kann ferner abgelehnt werden, wenn sie die Privatsphäre anderer gefährdet, leichtfertig oder schikanös ist oder äußerst unpraktisch oder unangemessen wäre.
Wenn Sie in Kalifornien leben und keinen Zugriff auf die Apple Seite für Daten und Datenschutz haben
, können Sie oder Ihr Bevollmächtigter unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
oder telefonisch unter +1 800 275 2273 einen Antrag stellen.
Weitere Informationen über die Geltendmachung Ihrer Rechte finden Sie unter
support.apple.com/102283
.
Wir bei Apple sind davon überzeugt, dass wir Ihnen großartige Produkte und einen hohen Datenschutz bieten können. Dies bedeutet, dass wir bemüht sind,
nur die personenbezogenen Daten zu erfassen, die wir benötigen
. Welche personenbezogenen Daten Apple erfasst, hängt davon ab, wie Sie mit Apple interagieren. Erläuterungen zum Umgang von Apple mit personenbezogenen Daten für bestimmte einzelne Dienste finden Sie unter
apple.com/de/legal/privacy/data.
Wenn Sie einen Apple Account erstellen, einen Kredit beantragen, ein Produkt oder Gerät kaufen und/oder aktivieren, ein Softwareupdate laden, sich für einen Kurs in einem Apple Store anmelden, sich mit unseren Diensten verbinden, uns kontaktieren (auch über soziale Medien), an einer Online-Umfrage teilnehmen oder anderweitig mit Apple interagieren, können wir eine Vielzahl von Informationen erfassen, darunter:
Accountdaten.
Ihren Apple Account und zugehörige Accountdetails, einschließlich E-Mail-Adresse, registrierte Geräte, Accountstatus und Alter
Geräteinformationen.
Daten, anhand derer Ihr Gerät identifiziert werden könnte, z. B. die Seriennummer des Geräts, oder Informationen über Ihr Gerät, z. B. der Browsertyp.
Kontaktdaten
. Daten wie Name, E-Mail-Adresse, physische Adresse, Telefonnummer oder andere Kontaktinformationen
Zahlungsdaten. Daten über Ihre Rechnungsadresse und Zahlungsmethode, z. B. Bankverbindung, Kredit-, Debit- oder andere Zahlungskarteninformationen
Transaktionsdaten.
Daten über Käufe von Apple Produkten und Diensten oder von Apple unterstützte Transaktionen, einschließlich Käufen auf Apple Plattformen
Betrugsbekämpfungsdaten.
Daten, die zur Identifizierung und Bekämpfung von Betrug verwendet werden, einschließlich einer Vertrauensbewertung des Geräts.
Nutzungsdaten.
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten und Ihre Nutzung unserer Angebote, z. B. App-Starts innerhalb unserer Dienste, einschließlich Browserverlauf; Suchverlauf; Produktinteraktion; Absturzdaten, Leistungs- und andere Diagnosedaten, sowie andere Nutzungsdaten
Standortdaten
. Genauer Standort nur zur Unterstützung von Diensten wie „Wo ist?“ oder, wenn Sie Ihre Zustimmung erteilt haben, für regionsspezifische Dienste, und ungefährer Standort
Gesundheitsdaten.
Daten, die sich auf den Gesundheitszustand einer Person beziehen, einschließlich Daten, die sich auf die physische oder psychische Gesundheit einer Person beziehen. Zu den personenbezogenen Gesundheitsdaten gehören auch Daten, die verwendet werden können, um Rückschlüsse auf den Gesundheitszustand einer Person zu ziehen oder diesen festzustellen. Wenn Sie mit einer App der Apple Health Research Study an einer Studie teilnehmen, ist die Richtlinie zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unter
Apple Health Study Apps – Datenschutzrichtlinie
beschrieben.
Fitnessdaten.
Angaben zu Ihren Fitness- und Trainingsdaten, wenn Sie diese weitergeben möchten.
Finanzdaten.
Angaben zu Gehalt, Einkommen und Vermögen, sofern erfasst, sowie Informationen zu Finanzangeboten der Marke Apple
Daten mit behördlich ausgestellter ID.
In einigen Jurisdiktionen verlangen wir unter bestimmten Voraussetzungen eine von einer Behörde ausgestellte ID, unter anderem beim Einrichten eines Mobilfunkaccounts und dessen Aktivierung für Ihr Gerät, bei der Beantragung oder Verlängerung von Krediten, der Verwaltung von Reservierungen oder in weiteren gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Fällen.
Sonstige Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Details wie der Inhalt Ihrer Kommunikation mit Apple, einschließlich Interaktionen mit dem Kundensupport und Kontakten über Social-Media-Kanäle
Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, die von uns angeforderten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. Wenn Sie sich jedoch dagegen entscheiden, werden wir in vielen Fällen nicht in der Lage sein, Ihnen unsere Produkte oder Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen oder auf Ihre Anfragen zu reagieren.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten über Sie von anderen
Einzelpersonen
, von Unternehmen oder Dritten, die
in Ihrem Auftrag
handeln, von unseren
Partnern, die mit uns zusammenarbeiten, um unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitzustellen und uns bei der Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung zu unterstützen, sowie von anderen
rechtmäßigen Quellen erhalten.
Einzelpersonen.
Apple kann Daten über Sie von anderen Einzelpersonen erfassen – zum Beispiel, wenn diese Person Ihnen ein Produkt oder eine Geschenkkarte geschickt, Sie zur Teilnahme an einem Apple Dienst oder Forum eingeladen oder Inhalte mit Ihnen geteilt hat.
In Ihrem Auftrag.
Sie können andere Einzelpersonen oder Dritte beauftragen, Daten an Apple weiterzugeben. Beispielsweise können Sie Ihren Mobilfunkanbieter beauftragen, Daten über Ihren Anbieter-Account zur Accountaktivierung an Apple weiterzugeben oder Informationen über Ihre Teilnahme an einem Treueprogramm weiterzugeben, damit Sie Prämien für Apple Käufe sammeln können.
Apple Partner.
Im Sinne der Sicherheit und der Betrugsbekämpfung können wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen durch Dritte überprüfen lassen, z. B. wenn ein Apple Account erstellt wird.
Um Features wie die Suchfunktion zu verbessern und zur Erstellung von Grundlagenmodellen für KI-Funktionen verwendet Apple den Webcrawler Applebot, um Informationen zu durchforsten, die im Internet öffentlich zugänglich sind. Wir haben verschiedene Maßnahmen getroffen, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, zu reduzieren. Apple versucht nicht, einzelne Apple Nutzer anhand der durchsuchten Daten zu identifizieren oder Profile über Einzelpersonen zu erstellen. Wir verwenden keine privaten persönlichen Daten zum Trainieren unserer KI-Grundlagenmodelle. Wenn du dein Widerspruchsrecht in Bezug auf Verarbeitung von Informationen in Anspruch nehmen möchtest, verwende das
Formular für Anfragen zum Datenschutz von Apple Intelligence
. Weitere Informationen zum Applebot findest du auf der Seite
support.apple.com/120320
.
Für Zwecke der Forschung und Entwicklung können wir Datensätze heranziehen, die Bilder oder Sprachaufzeichnungen oder andere Daten, die Rückschlüsse auf eine identifizierbare Person zulassen, enthalten. Die Erhebung solcher Datensätze erfolgt unter Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, einschließlich des Rechts in der Jurisdiktion, in welcher der jeweilige Datensatz gehostet wird. Bei der Verwendung solcher Datensätze für Forschungs- und Entwicklungszwecke unternehmen wir keinerlei Versuche, die in diesem Material ggf. vorkommenden Personen zu identifizieren.
Apple verwendet personenbezogene Daten, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, zur Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung sowie zur Einhaltung von Gesetzen. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung können wir personenbezogene Daten auch für andere Zwecke verwenden.
Apple verwendet Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann, wenn wir eine gültige gesetzliche Grundlage dafür haben.
Je nach den Umständen kann sich Apple auf Ihre Einwilligung oder die Tatsache verlassen, dass die Verarbeitung erforderlich ist, um einen Vertrag mit Ihnen zu erfüllen, Ihre lebenswichtigen Interessen oder die anderer Personen zu schützen oder Gesetze einzuhalten. Unter Berücksichtigung Ihrer Interessen, Rechte und Erwartungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verarbeiten, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies in unserem oder dem berechtigten Interesse anderer liegt. Weitere Informationen sind in den produktspezifischen Informationen unserer Produkte und Features wie oben beschrieben eingebettet. Wenn Sie Fragen zur Rechtsgrundlage haben, können Sie sich unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
an den Datenschutzbeauftragten wenden.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste.
Apple erfasst personenbezogene Daten, die zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste erforderlich sind. Dazu können personenbezogene Daten gehören, die zur Verbesserung unserer Angebote, für interne Zwecke wie Prüfungen oder Datenanalysen oder zur Problembehebung erfasst werden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise über ein Apple Music Abonnement auf einen Song zugreifen möchten, erfassen wir Daten darüber, welche Songs Sie abspielen, um Ihnen die angeforderten Inhalte zur Verfügung zu stellen, sowie aus Lizenzgründen.
Verarbeitung Ihrer Transaktionen.
Um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, muss Apple Daten wie Ihren Namen, Kauf- und Zahlungsinformationen erfassen.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen.
Um auf Mitteilungen zu antworten, Sie bezüglich Ihrer Transaktionen oder Ihres Accounts zu kontaktieren, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu vermarkten, andere relevante Informationen bereitzustellen oder Informationen oder Feedback anzufordern. Gelegentlich können wir personenbezogene Daten nutzen, um wichtige Mitteilungen zu versenden, beispielsweise über Käufe oder Änderungen unserer Geschäftsbedingungen und Richtlinien. Weil diese Informationen für die Beziehung zu Apple wichtig sind, kann man den Erhalt dieser wichtigen Mitteilungen möglicherweise nicht ablehnen.
Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung.
Zum Schutz von Einzelpersonen, Mitarbeiter:innen und Apple sowie zum Schutz vor Verlusten und zur Betrugsbekämpfung, einschließlich des Schutzes von Einzelpersonen, Mitarbeiter:innen und Apple zum Nutzen aller unserer Nutzer:innen und der Vorabsondierung oder Vorabprüfung hochgeladener Inhalte auf potenziell illegale Inhalte, einschließlich Materials zur sexuellen Ausbeutung von Kindern.
Für Zwecke der Personalisierung verwendete personenbezogene Daten.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, Ihre Dienste oder Mitteilungen zu personalisieren, sofern dies möglich ist, verwendet Apple die von uns erfassten Daten, um Ihnen diese personalisierten Dienste oder Mitteilungen anbieten zu können. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie die entsprechenden Dienste personenbezogene Daten zur Personalisierung Ihrer Erfahrungen nutzen, finden Sie in den Datenschutzinformationen, die Sie bei der erstmaligen Nutzung eines Dienstes erhalten, der Sie um Zustimmung zur Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bittet. Wir stellen diese Informationen leicht auffindbar zur Verfügung, indem wir sie mit unserem Datenschutzsymbol kennzeichnen; sie sind auch jederzeit auf Ihrem Apple Gerät und online unter
http://apple.com/de/legal/privacy/data
verfügbar.
Einhaltung von Gesetzen.
Zur Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts – zum Beispiel zur Erfüllung von Steuer- oder Meldepflichten oder zur Erfüllung einer rechtmäßigen Regierungsanfrage.
Apple verwendet ohne die Möglichkeit einer menschlichen Überprüfung keine Algorithmen oder kein Profiling, um eine Entscheidung zu treffen, die Sie erheblich beeinträchtigen würde. Gemäß kalifornischem Recht verwendet Apple darüber hinaus keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten oder legt diese offen für Zwecke, die von Nutzer:innen verlangen würden, ein Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung auszuüben.
Apple bewahrt personenbezogene Daten nur so lange auf, wie es für die Erfüllung der Zwecke, für die sie erfasst wurden, erforderlich ist, einschließlich wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder in unseren dienstspezifischen Datenschutzhinweisen beschrieben oder wie gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Wir bewahren personenbezogene Daten so lange wie notwendig auf, um die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und unseren dienstspezifischen Übersichten zum Datenschutz beschriebenen Zwecke zu erfüllen. Bei der Beurteilung der Aufbewahrungsfristen prüfen wir zunächst sorgfältig, ob es notwendig ist, die erfassten personenbezogenen Daten aufzubewahren, und bewahren, falls eine Aufbewahrung erforderlich ist, die personenbezogenen Daten für den kürzesten gesetzlich zulässigen Zeitraum auf.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten an
Apple Partnerunternehmen
,
Dienstleister,
die in unserem Auftrag handeln, an unsere
Partner
,
Entwickler und Herausgeber
, oder andere
in Ihrem Auftrag tätige Parteien weitergeben
. Darüber hinaus gibt Apple personenbezogene Daten nicht an Dritte für deren eigene Marketingzwecke weiter.
Dienstleister.
Apple ist berechtigt, Drittparteien als unsere Dienstleister zu beauftragen und bestimmte Aufgaben in unserem Namen ausführen zu lassen, zum Beispiel Verarbeitung oder Aufbewahrung von Daten einschließlich personenbezogener Daten im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste und der Lieferung von Produkten an unsere Kund:innen. Apple Dienstleister sind verpflichtet, personenbezogene Daten in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und gemäß unseren Anweisungen zu verarbeiten. Sie dürfen die von uns weitergegebenen personenbezogenen Daten nicht für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden und müssen die personenbezogenen Daten löschen oder zurückgeben, sobald sie unseren Auftrag erfüllt haben.
Partner.
Gelegentlich geht Apple Partnerschaften mit Drittanbietern ein, um Dienste oder andere Angebote bereitzustellen. Beispielsweise werden finanzielle Angebote von Apple wie Apple Card und Apple Cash von Apple und unseren Partnern angeboten. Apple verlangt von seinen Partnern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen.
Von Ihnen abonnierte Entwickler und Herausgeber.
Wenn Sie im App Store oder in Apple News ein Abonnement eines Dritten erwerben, erstellen wir eine für Sie und den Entwickler oder Herausgeber eindeutige Abonnenten-ID. Die Abonnenten-ID kann verwendet werden, um Berichte an den Entwickler oder Herausgeber zu senden, die Informationen über das von Ihnen erworbene Abonnement und Ihr Wohnsitzland enthalten. Wenn Sie alle Ihre Abonnements bei einem bestimmten Entwickler oder Herausgeber kündigen, wird die Abonnenten-ID nach 180 Tagen zurückgesetzt, sofern Sie kein neues Abonnement abschließen. Diese Informationen werden Entwicklern oder Herausgebern bereitgestellt, damit sie einen Überblick über den Stand ihrer Abonnements haben.
Sonstige.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Auftrag oder mit Ihrer Zustimmung an andere weitergeben, z. B. wenn wir Informationen an Ihren Mobilfunkanbieter weitergeben, um Ihren Account zu aktivieren. Außerdem können wir Daten über Sie offenlegen, wenn wir der Überzeugung sind, dass dies für die nationale Sicherheit, den Gesetzesvollzug oder andere öffentliche Interessen notwendig oder angemessen ist. Wir können auch Daten über Sie offenlegen, wenn es dafür eine gesetzliche Grundlage gibt, wenn wir feststellen, dass die Offenlegung notwendig ist, um unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen oder unseren Geschäftsbetrieb oder unsere Nutzer:innen zu schützen, oder im Falle einer Umstrukturierung, Fusion oder eines Verkaufs.
Apple verkauft Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht, auch nicht gemäß der Definition von „Verkauf“ in Nevada und Kalifornien. Darüber hinaus „teilt“ Apple Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gemäß Definition dieses Begriffs in Kalifornien.
Wir bei Apple glauben, dass guter Datenschutz auf hoher Sicherheit beruht. Wir verwenden
administrative, technische und physische Sicherheitsvorkehrungen
, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Berücksichtigung der Art der Daten und der Verarbeitung sowie der Bedrohungen zu schützen. Wir entwickeln diese Sicherheitsvorkehrungen ständig weiter, um den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu gewährleisten. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem Leitfaden
Sicherheit der Apple Plattformen
.
Apple ist sich der Bedeutung des Schutzes der personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern bewusst. Als Kinder definieren wir
Personen unter 13 Jahren oder einem entsprechenden in Ihrer Rechtsordnung gesetzlich festgelegten Alter
. Aus diesem Grund hat Apple zusätzliche Verfahren und Schutzmaßnahmen implementiert, um die personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern zu schützen.
Um auf bestimmte Apple Dienste zugreifen zu können, muss ein Kind einen Apple Account besitzen. Ein Apple Account für ein Kind kann durch einen
Elternteil
oder, im Falle eines verwalteten Apple Accounts, durch die
Bildungseinrichtung des Kindes
erstellt werden.
Eltern.
Um einen Kinderaccount zu erstellen, müssen Eltern die
Informationen unter Familien-Datenschutzauskunft für Kinder
lesen. Darin wird beschrieben, wie Apple mit den personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern umgeht. Bei Zustimmung muss ein Elternteil Apple eine nachprüfbare elterliche Zustimmung vorlegen.
Bildungseinrichtungen.
Bildungseinrichtungen, die am Apple School Manager Programm teilnehmen, können auch Apple Accounts für Lernende erstellen, sogenannte „verwaltete Apple Accounts“. Diese Einrichtungen müssen der Vereinbarung
Verwaltete Apple Accounts für Lernende
zustimmen, die als Anhang A des Apple School Manager Vertrags enthalten ist.
Wenn wir erfahren, dass die personenbezogenen Daten eines Kindes ohne entsprechende Genehmigung erfasst wurden, werden sie schnellstmöglich gelöscht.
Um von Ihren Datenschutzrechten für die Informationen Ihres Kindes Gebrauch zu machen, besuchen Sie die Apple Seite für Daten und Datenschutz unter
privacy.apple.com
, und melden Sie sich beim Account des Kindes an.
Auf den Websites, in Onlinediensten, interaktiven Anwendungen und Werbematerialien von Apple werden möglicherweise
„Cookies“ und andere Technologien
wie etwa Webbeacons verwendet.
Diese Technologien erlauben uns, das Nutzerverhalten, u. a. für Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung, besser zu verstehen, informieren uns, welche Teile unserer Websites besucht wurden und vereinfachen und messen die Effizienz von Werbung und der Websuchen.
Kommunikations-Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden verwendet, um den Netzwerkverkehr von und zu den Systemen von Apple zu ermöglichen, einschließlich des Erkennens etwaiger Fehler.
Absolut notwendige Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden bei Bedarf gesetzt, um eine bestimmte Funktion oder einen bestimmten Dienst bereitzustellen, auf die/den Sie zugegriffen oder die/den Sie angefordert haben. Sie ermöglichen es uns zum Beispiel, unsere Websites im richtigen Format und in der richtigen Sprache anzuzeigen, Ihre Transaktionen zu authentifizieren und zu verifizieren und den Inhalt Ihres Einkaufswagens zu speichern, wenn Sie online auf
apple.com/de
einkaufen.
Sonstige Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden verwendet, um zu verstehen, wie Besucher:innen mit unseren Websites und Online-Diensten interagieren, u. a. indem sie uns helfen, die Wirksamkeit von Werbung und Websuchen zu beurteilen. Apple verwendet diese Cookies auch, um die von Ihnen beim Browsen getroffenen Entscheidungen zu speichern, damit wir Ihnen ein individuelles Erlebnis bieten können.
Wenn Sie es vorziehen, dass Apple keine Cookies verwendet, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, deren Verwendung zu deaktivieren. Wenn Sie Cookies deaktivieren möchten und den Webbrowser Safari verwenden, wählen Sie in den Datenschutzeinstellungen von Safari „Alle Cookies blockieren“. Wenn Sie einen anderen Browser verwenden, können Sie sich bei Ihrem Anbieter erkundigen, wie sich Cookies deaktivieren lassen. Bestimmte Funktionen der Apple Website sind möglicherweise nicht verfügbar, wenn alle Cookies deaktiviert sind.
Zusätzlich zu Cookies verwendet Apple andere Technologien, die uns helfen, ähnliche Ziele zu erreichen.
In einigen E-Mail-Nachrichten, die Apple an Sie sendet, geben wir eine „Click-through-URL“ an, über die Sie auf Inhalte auf der Apple Website weitergeleitet werden. Wenn Sie auf diese URLs klicken, werden Sie durch einen separaten Webserver geleitet, bevor Sie zur Zielseite auf unserer Website gelangen. Wir verfolgen diesen „Click-through“, um das Interesse an bestimmten Themen zu ermitteln und zu messen, ob wir effektiv mit Ihnen kommunizieren. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass solche Daten erfasst und nachverfolgt werden, klicken Sie in E-Mails nicht auf Grafik- oder Text-Links.
Apple behandelt Daten, die wir mit diesen Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien erfassen, im Allgemeinen als nicht personenbezogene Daten.
In dem Ausmaß, zu dem Internet-Protokolladressen (IP-Adressen) oder ähnliche Identifizierungsmerkmale durch anwendbares Recht als personenbezogene Daten eingestuft werden, behandeln wir diese Identifizierungsmerkmale ebenfalls als personenbezogene Daten. Darüber hinaus kombiniert Apple manchmal nicht personenbezogene Daten, die mit diesen Technologien erfasst wurden, mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten, die Apple aufbewahrt. Wenn wir Daten auf diese Weise kombinieren, behandeln wir die kombinierten Daten für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie als personenbezogene Daten.
Anzeigen, die über die Werbeplattform von Apple bereitgestellt werden, können in App Store, in Apple News, in der App „Aktien“ und in der Apple TV App angezeigt werden. Die Werbeplattform von Apple verfolgt Sie nicht, was bedeutet, dass sie keine Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten, die von unseren Apps erfasst wurden, mit Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten verknüpft, die von Dritten für zielgerichtete Werbe- oder Werbemessungszwecke erfasst wurden, und keine Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten an Datenvermittler weitergibt.
Wenn Sie in diesen Apps keine auf Ihre Interessen zugeschnittene Werbung von der Apple Werbeplattform erhalten möchten, können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren. Damit deaktivieren Sie derartige Werbung für Ihren Apple Account – unabhängig vom verwendeten Gerät. Auf Ihrem iOS, iPadOS oder visionOS Gerät können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren, indem Sie „Einstellungen“ > „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ > „Apple Werbung“ wählen und auf „Personalisierte Werbung“ tippen, um sie zu deaktivieren. Auf Ihrem Mac können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren, indem Sie „Systemeinstellungen“ > „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ > „Datenschutz“ > „Werbung“ wählen und auf „Personalisierte Werbung“ tippen, um sie zu deaktivieren. Sie sehen unter Umständen dennoch kontextbasierte Werbung im App Store oder bei Apple News und Aktien auf der Basis Ihrer Suchanfrage oder des Channels, den Sie lesen. Wenn Sie „Apps erlauben, Tracking anzufordern“ deaktivieren, können Apps von Drittanbietern nicht auf die Anzeigenkennung zugreifen (eine nicht personenbezogene Kennung, die vom Betriebssystem auf Ihrem Gerät bereitgestellt wird), um Sie über Apps und Websites anderer Unternehmen nachzuverfolgen.
Weitere Informationen zur von Apple bereitgestellten Werbung und zum Datenschutz finden Sie unter
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/de/apple-advertising
.
Die Produkte und Angebote von Apple verbinden Sie mit der Welt. Um dies zu ermöglichen,
können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Einrichtungen auf der ganzen Welt,
einschließlich Apple Partnerunternehmen, übertragen oder von diesen eingesehen werden, um Verarbeitungsaktivitäten durchzuführen, wie sie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie in Verbindung mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Produkte und Dienste beschrieben werden. Apple hält sich an die Gesetze zur Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten zwischen Ländern, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten an jedem Ort stets geschützt sind.
Der Apple Rechtsträger, der Ihre personenbezogenen Daten kontrolliert, kann je nach Ihrem Wohnort variieren.
Beispielsweise werden Apple Store Informationen von einzelnen Retail Einrichtungen in jedem Land kontrolliert und personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf Apple Media Services können, wie in den Servicebedingungen angegeben, von verschiedenen Apple Rechtsträgern kontrolliert werden. Wenn Sie nicht in den USA leben, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von Apple Inc. und anderen Apple Partnerunternehmen im Auftrag des Apple Rechtsträgers verarbeitet werden, der die personenbezogenen Daten für Ihre Gerichtsbarkeit kontrolliert. Beispielsweise werden Bilder und zugehörige Daten, die Apple weltweit erfasst, um Apple Karten zu verbessern und unsere Funktion „Umsehen“ zu unterstützen, an Apple Inc. in Kalifornien übertragen.
Personenbezogene Daten, die sich auf Einzelpersonen im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, in Großbritannien und der Schweiz beziehen, werden von Apple Distribution International Limited in Irland kontrolliert. Die internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten, die im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, in Großbritannien und der Schweiz erfasst werden, durch Apple wird durch die
Standardvertragsklauseln
geregelt. Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder ein Exemplar der Apple Standardvertragsklauseln haben möchten, wenden Sie sich an
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die von
Apple oder einem Apple Partnerunternehmen
weltweit erfasst werden, werden in der Regel von Apple Inc. In den USA gespeichert. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert sind, sorgt Apple stets für das gleiche hohe Maß an Schutz und Schutzmaßnahmen.
Die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Datenschutzpraktiken von Apple entsprechen dem Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs)-System und dem Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP)-System. Weitere Informationen zu diesen beiden Systemen
finden Sie hier
. Um unsere Zertifizierungen einzusehen, besuchen Sie das
Verzeichnis zur CBPR-System-Compliance
. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen zum Umfang unserer Teilnahme abrufen oder eine Datenschutzanfrage über unseren Accountability Agent
BBB National Programs
senden möchten, rufen Sie diese Seiten auf:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules-Programm
Privacy Recognition for Processors-Programm
Personenbezogene Daten von Personen in der Volksrepublik China können von Apple in Ländern außerhalb der Volksrepublik China verarbeitet werden, wie Apple Inc. in den USA oder Apple Distribution International Limited in der Republik Irland. Wo dies der Fall ist, geschieht dies in Übereinstimmung mit den örtlichen Gesetzen, einschließlich des Gesetzes zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten. Für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie dargelegten Zwecke der Verarbeitung kann Apple solche personenbezogenen Daten auch an externe Dienstanbieter übertragen, die die Daten wiederum außerhalb der Volksrepublik China speichern oder übertragen können. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Datenschutzangaben für Festlandchina
.
Damit die Sicherheit personenbezogener Daten gewährleistet ist, werden unsere Richtlinien über die Persönlichkeitsrechte und Sicherheitsvorkehrungen allen Mitarbeiter:innen von Apple bekannt gegeben und die Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zum Schutz der Persönlichkeitsrechte innerhalb des Unternehmens streng umgesetzt.
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Apple Datenschutzrichtlinie oder zu den Datenschutzpraktiken von Apple haben, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen ein Drittanbieter in unserem Namen handelt, oder unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten kontaktieren möchten, können Sie uns unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
erreichen oder die
Apple Support-Telefonnummer
für Ihr Land oder Ihre Region anrufen.
Sie können uns auch Fragen dazu stellen, wie Sie eine Datenschutzbeschwerde einreichen können, und wir werden unser Möglichstes tun, um Ihnen zu helfen.
Apple nimmt Ihre Fragen zum Datenschutz ernst. Ein kompetentes Team prüft Ihre Anfrage, um festzustellen, wie Ihre Frage oder Ihr Anliegen am besten beantwortet werden kann, einschließlich jener Anfragen, die als Antwort auf eine Zugriffs- oder Downloadanfrage eingehen. In den meisten Fällen erhalten alle wesentlichen Kontaktanfragen innerhalb von sieben Tagen eine Antwort. In anderen Fällen benötigen wir möglicherweise zusätzliche Informationen oder teilen Ihnen mit, dass unsere Antwort mehr Zeit in Anspruch nimmt.
Wenn Sie in Ihrer Beschwerde darauf hinweisen, dass wir den Umgang mit Datenschutzthemen verbessern könnten, werden wir entsprechende Schritte unternehmen, um dies bei der nächstmöglichen Gelegenheit umzusetzen. Falls sich ein Problem mit dem Datenschutz negativ auf Sie oder eine andere Person ausgewirkt hat, werden wir entsprechende Schritte unternehmen, um das Problem für Sie oder die andere Person zu lösen.
Sie können jederzeit – auch wenn Sie mit der Antwort von Apple nicht zufrieden sind – Ihre Beschwerde an die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde weiterleiten. Auf Ihre Anfrage hin versuchen wir Ihnen Informationen darüber bereitzustellen, welche Beschwerdewege Ihnen in Ihrem Fall zur Verfügung stehen.
Bei einer wesentlichen Änderung an dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie werden wir mindestens eine Woche im Voraus eine Mitteilung auf dieser Website veröffentlichen und Sie direkt über die Änderung informieren, wenn uns Ihre Daten vorliegen.
Unser CBPR-Zertifikat anzeigen
Unser PRP-Zertifikat anzeigen