Infinity Studio Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
The privacy of users’ information carries top priority for Infinity
Studio. We respect the privacy of over users. We consider our users really
important & want them to know about how we collect and use information that
you provide through our apps.
Consent of User:
By using our apps you agree to the terms and conditions set
forth. You agree to the collection of your personal information and if you
don’t than you may not access our services.
Personal Information of User:
Infinity Studio is committed to complying with the Children
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). We do not collect personal
identifiable information from children below 13. We do not request that
children provide us with personally identifiable information.
Collection of Non-Personal Information
Infinity Studio does not collect any information from its
users. Some information may be collected through third party services. They
collect non-personal information from the user and the company makes sure to
keep it separate from personal data.
Use & Disclosure of Information:
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information
about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and
services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any
other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or
authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide
us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business
advisors. We will, wherever possible, maintain personal information in strict
confidence. Any disclosure that is required to be made to any third party will
be made primarily for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services
to you.
In addition, the company may use third party services to
collect non-personal information from the user but requires such third party to
comply with Children Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) and other
applicable laws.
Third Party Services
You may use third party services:
To obtain our software, applications and/or services (for
example, a software marketplace);
In conjunction with our software, applications and/or
services (for example, a social networking website). Your use of these third
party services may be subject to separate terms and conditions and privacy
policies, and you acknowledge that we are not liable for the use of your
personal information by any such third parties. We strongly recommend you read
these third party policies, and the terms and conditions attaching to the third
party offerings, prior to access or use. Here is a list of Third Party Services
used by Infinity Studio.
http://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
http://www.inmobi.com/inmobi-privacy-policy/
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
https://unity3d.com/legal/cookie-policy
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
https://developers.facebook.com/policy
https://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy
http://www.leadbolt.com/privacy.php
Link to External Websites
Our game may contain advertising and links to other
websites. We cannot be held responsible for the protection of any information,
which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
Privacy Policy for Infinity Studio.
The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is
afforded the highest level of importance by Infinity Studio. We may ask the
following information with user consensus: Name Contact information including
email address.
We obtain Demographic information such as location,
preferences and interests Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or
offers We require this information to understand your needs and provide you
with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons. We may use
the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send
promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information,
which we think you may find interesting using the email address, which you have
provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you
for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or through Facebook.
We may use the information to customize the game according to your interests.
We accept and carefully select advertisement from third
party advertisers to provide information about products and services that we
think may be of interest to our users. Clicking on any of these advertisements,
these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to
collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. You should review
the privacy policy for any advertiser with which you interact.
Changes to the Privacy Policy :
Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time,
so please revisit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will
make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service. If you have any
questions feel free to send us an email to
Developers Email :
Infinitystudio991@gmail.com
We will make sure to get back to you as soon as possible.
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Yay
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.blogger.com/profile/03512920754435496532:
Infinity Studio Privacy Policy
On Blogger since
June 2017
Profile views
-
588
Report Abuse
My blogs
Infinity Studio Privacy Policy
About me
Main menu
Google apps