Privacy Policy
View our policies in detail by following the links below.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Tips Policy
Ethical Trading
Terms & Conditions
Competition Terms
We are committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy sets out details of the information that we may collect from you and how we may use that information. Please take your time to read this Privacy Policy carefully. When using our website, this Privacy Policy should be read alongside the
website terms and conditions
.
1. About Us
This Privacy Policy describes how The Big Table Group, trading as Las Iguanas ("we" or "us" or "our") collect and process data about individuals.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (the “Legislation”), the data controller is The Big Table Group Limited, a company registered with number 12631102. The registered address is Lower Ground Floor, Elsley House, 24/30 Great Titchfield Street, London W1W 8BF.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by emailing dpo@bigtablegroup.com, as further detailed below.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHEN
We only collect information that we know we will genuinely use and in accordance with the data protection regulations. Throughout this document we refer to Data Protection Legislation means the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA2018), United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any legislation implemented in connection with the aforementioned legislation. Where data is processed by a controller or processor established in the European Union or comprises the data of people in the European Union, it also includes the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). This includes any replacement legislation coming into effect from time to time. We may collect:
Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our website www.iguanas.co.uk (our “Site”) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, in our restaurants or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our Site, subscribe to our newsletter, register to use our Order & Pay Platform, book a table at one of our restaurants, enter a competition, promotion or survey, purchase a gift card or voucher, apply for a job with us, register for Wi-Fi in our restaurants and when you report a problem with our website. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address postcode, phone number and birthday.
This Privacy Policy refers to our Website, our App and other services which require you to provide us with your personal information.
If you do not agree to anything set out in the Privacy Policy, please do not use the service and do not give us any personal information.
Information we collect when you sign up to our loyalty programme:
When you sign up to our loyalty programme, you may provide us with the following information: your name and contact details (email address and mobile telephone number) further information about your restaurant and dining preferences, that will be optional to input from time to time
Information we collect about you on our Site:
With regard to each of your visits to our Site we may collect the following information:
information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, date and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information collected in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
Information we collect when you make a booking:
We use approved third parties to operate our reservations platform. They will send you an automated email message to confirm your booking details and may send further service emails if there is a change to your booking. We are also partnered with a company called HGEM, who will send a service email giving you the opportunity to review your dining experience, so that we can make any necessary improvements.
Information we collect when you use wifi in our restaurants:
We use a company called Wireless Social to provide wifi in our restaurants. If you sign up to use the wifi in our restaurants, the
Wireless Social terms and conditions
will apply.
Information we collect when you visit our online shop:
We will use your data solely for the purposes of processing your order. We will share this information with limited approved suppliers for this purpose, subject to contract. We use a company called Shopify to help us with this process and you can read their
privacy policy
.
Information we collect when you use our MyIguanas Perks App:
You may choose to sign up to the use of our MyIguanas App to access your Latin Perks, subject to the terms and conditions of that scheme. We will use the personal data you have provided in the MyIguanas App to administer our scheme and provide you with access to Latin Perks, including tailored offers and rewards which can be viewed via the MyIguanas App. If you have consented to receiving updates from us about your Latin Perks, you may receive information by post, email or SMS according to your selected preferences. You may control certain aspects of the MyIguanas App, including location settings and push notifications, directly on your phone.
Information we collect when you use our Order & Pay Platform (our “O&P Platform”):
When using our O&P Platform, you may provide us with the following Information:
a) your name and contact details (email address and mobile telephone number), if you use the Platform to order at table at one of our restaurants;
b) your physical location, where you have agreed to it being used for the restaurant locator feature on the Platform or where you allow the Platform to access your location settings.
Payment processing services are provided by braintreepayments.com (a division of PayPal (Europe) S.A.R.L et cie, SCA (“Braintree”). The Platform will transfer payment detail directly from Braintree to our point-of-sale system. We will not store your card details on our system. Your personal and card detail will be securely stored by Braintree and used only to administer payment, verification of transactions, refunds and ease of use in future transactions using the service. See
Paypal Braintree data security policy
.
Information we receive from other sources:
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combined your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies).
Information we collect when you use our My Iguanas Perks App:
You may choose to sign up to the use of our My Iguanas App to access your Latin Perks, subject to the terms and conditions of that scheme. We will use the personal data you have provided in the My Iguanas App to administer our scheme and provide you with access to Latin Perks, including tailored offers and rewards which can be viewed via the My Iguanas App. If you have consented to receiving updates from us about your Latin Perks, you may receive information by post, email or SMS according to your selected preferences. You may control certain aspects of the My Iguanas App, including location settings and push notifications, directly on your phone.
Photography and Video Recordings:
As part of our local and brand marketing activities, from time to time we may be filming or taking photographs of happy guests enjoying their visits to our restaurants, when filming or taking photos for a particular campaign, the site will display a prominent poster to confirm that filming and photos will be taken in the restaurant. We will ensure that consent is obtained expressly in every case.
Information we need to verify your age and ID:
In order to comply with our legal obligations and the terms of our premises licences, we may request a copy of your identification (ID) to verify your age, using ID scanners provided by 365id, a trusted third party. In which case an image of your ID may be stored and retained securely, in each case for no longer than is necessary, in line with our retention policy.
3. Cookies
Please see our
Cookie Policy
.
4. PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only process your personal data in line with that which is permitted by the Legislation. We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data. Typically we will process your data on one of the following bases:
Consent given (e.g. for obtaining feedback, photos and video recordings for marketing purpose)
Performance of a contract or an agreement with you (e.g. entry in a competition)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (e.g use of CCTV on sites)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. if requested by authority for investigation)
5. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you, where you have consented to us contacting you for the purposes of marketing or other promotional purposes. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you or share information with you by electronic means (e-mail, social media or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data;
to validate discounts and verify your identify;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you and others;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Photography and Video Recordings. We will use this information:
for use on social media and in our marketing. We will ensure that consent is obtained expressly.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you and others;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
6. WHO WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the Sites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these Sites, please note that these Sites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these Sites. Our customer database of contacts is hosted by a company called Bloomreach, view their
privacy policy
.
Our Loyalty App is administered and hosted by a company called Trifft, when you download and create a user profile within our App, you consent to the use of your personal data being shared with Trifft for the purpose of providing you with the services and offers available through the App. If you would like to know more about how Trifft process the data that you provide to us, you can view their
privacy policy
.
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to display relevant advertisements. Search engine providers assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site through the use of analytics. You can contact our DPO at
dpo@bigtablegroup.com
at any time to opt out of this type of lookalike advertising;
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may be required to disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If The Big Table Group Limited, or its direct or indirect parent companies, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies, organisations and law enforcement agencies for the purposes of fraud protection, prevention or detection and credit risk reduction.
7. KEEPING YOUR DATA SECURE
Data security is of great importance to us and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure your collected data.
We take security measures to protect your information including:
Limiting access to our buildings to those that we believe are entitled to be there (by use of passes, key card access and other related technologies);
Implementing access controls to our information technology;
We use appropriate procedures and technical security measures (including strict encryption, anonymisation and archiving techniques) to safeguard your information across all our computer systems, networks, websites, mobile apps, offices and stores;
Carrying out appropriate risk-based diligence and penetration testing on third party processors.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
8. SENDING INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE UK
Where any transfer outside of the UK occurs, we’ll ensure that any such transfer or processing is subject to appropriate legal and technical safeguards.
9. HOW LONG WE WILL STORE YOUR DATA
We retain a record of your personal information in order to provide you with a high quality and consistent service. We will always retain your personal information in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and never retain your information for longer than is necessary. For more information, you may contact our DPO.
We will only retain your Information for as long as is necessary for the purpose or purposes for which we have collected it. The criteria that we use to determine retention periods will be determined by the nature of the data and the purposes for which it is kept.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
Under the Legislation you have the right to make certain requests in relation to the personal information that we hold about you. We will not usually make a charge for dealing with these requests. If you wish to exercise these rights at any time please contact us using the details set out in the "Contact " section.
You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data.
The right of access: You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances. This is sometimes called a ‘Subject Access Request’. Where we have good reason, and if the GDPR permits, we can refuse your request for a copy of your Information, or certain elements of the request. If we refuse your request or any element of it, we will provide you with our reasons for doing so.
The right to rectification: If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
The right to object: You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes, in particular where we have used consent as the lawful basis for processing. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by emailing
dpo@bigtablegroup.com
.
The right to erasure: This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with the law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your erasure request for specific legal reasons. Right to erasure does not apply in the following scenarios (i) when the lawful basis for processing the data is 'legal obligation'; (ii) For the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims'.
The right to restrict processing: This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (i) if our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it, (ii) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it, or (iii) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party: We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right may only apply to automated information which you initially provided consent for the Group to use or where the Group used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where the Group is relying on consent to process your personal data for direct marketing purposes: However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. All marketing communications will contain information about how to opt-out and electronic communications will have a direct link to unsubscribe. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. Where possible we will endeavour to respond to notifications of withdrawn consent for use of image or film prior to publishing the image or film. It may not be possible to do so after publication.
You have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office if you believe that any use of your personal information by us is in breach of applicable data protection laws and/ or regulations. More information can be found on the
Information Commissioner’s Office website
.
11. CHILDREN
Our websites are not designed to target children under the age of 16. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we require all children under age thirteen (13) to obtain parental consent to join any of our lists. By accepting this privacy policy you are confirming that you are over 13 years old. All terms of our privacy policy apply to children under 13.
12. WHAT HAPPENS IF OUR BUSINESS CHANGES HANDS?
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the purposes for which it was originally collected by us.
13. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. Any updates to the privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
14. CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
dpo@bigtablegroup.com
or by post to Lower Ground Floor, Elsley House, 24-30 Great Titchfield Street, London W1W 8BF.
The
Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
regulates data protection and privacy matters in the UK. They make a lot of information accessible to consumers on their website and they can help you address any concerns.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.togggle.io/privacy-policy:
By clicking “Accept”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Accept
Deny
Preferences
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website.
Reject all cookies
Allow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essential
Always Active
These items are required to enable basic website functionality.
Marketing
Essential
These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission.
Personalization
Essential
These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location.
Analytics
Essential
These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
Confirm my preferences and close
Products
Book a Demo
Book a demo to find out how we can help you and your business.
Identity Verification Solution
AML Screening
Biometric Authentication
Distributed PII Storage
One-Click KYC Workflows
ID Verification Software
Re-useable Credentials
KYB - Business Verification
Why Togggle?
Unrivalled PII Security
Flexibility & Compatibility
Transparency & Privacy
Global Availability
Efficiency & Performance
Ethical & Sustainable
Ready to get started?
Book a Demo!
Solutions
Have A Specific Use Case In Mind?
Togggle's modular solution can be tailored to any requirements. Speak to us about your needs today!
Financial & FinTech
Gambling/iGaming
Travel
Marketplace
Education
Web3
Government
Healthcare
Crypto & Asset Exchange
Enterprise
Featured Blogs
See all articles
Enhancing Bank Security with Facial Recognition Technology
Learn how facial recognition improves bank security, supports AML policies, and enhances fraud prevention in financial services.
Digital Security: A Guide for Crypto Platforms
Learn about digital security for crypto platforms, covering threats, regulatory compliance, KYC, and best practices for secure storage and fraud prevention.
Ready to get started?
Book a Demo!
Resources
Introducing Green KYC
Togggle's modular solution can be tailored to any requirements. Speak to us about your needs today!
About Us
Blog
News
Our Company
Partners
Book a Demo
Careers
Request Documentation
Startup Program
Press Kit
Togggle's Mission:
Our goal is to create a secure future with digital identities replacing physical documents, help businesses comply with AML/KYC regulations across countries, and prevent fraud by eliminating document forgery, identity spoofing, and money laundering.
Ready to get started?
Book a Demo!
Pricing
Start For Free
Book a Demo
Togggle Privacy Policy
(pursuant to Art. 13 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679)
For us, personal data needs to be fully and effectively protected. We want to provide our clients with a identity verification (IDV) solution in order to share trusted identity information between financial service providers and the users.
Togggle (the '
Company'
or '
we/us
') and all the professionals who collaborate with the Company work every day and are constantly committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your right to the protection of your personal data.
For this reason, if you would like to take just a few minutes, we will explain how we use the personal data we collect when you interact with us through the Togggle application ('
Application'
) and use the related Services.
This Privacy Policy forms an integral part of our Terms of Service ('
Terms
'). Your use of the Application constitutes your full acceptance of the Terms.
This policy applies to anyone who installs, uses the Application or makes use of our Services ('
user'
or '
you
').
1.
Some basic information
2. What personal data we process and how we collect it
2.1.
Data provided directly by the user
2.2.
Data acquired automatically while using Togggle
2.3. Data collected through other sources
3.
For what purposes we process your data and what gives us the right to do so
4.
Method of processing and communication of your personal data
5.
Transfer of data to third countries
6.
How long do we retain your data
7.
Your rights
1.
Some basic information
The applicable legislation, with particular reference to Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 (
General Data Protection Regulation
, '
GDPR'
), Italian Legislative Decree. No. 196/2003 (the '
Italian Privacy Code')
and the
relevant measures, decisions and guidelines issued by the Italian Data Protection Authority (collectively, the '
Privacy Law
'), identify various figures who must - or sometimes simply may - come into action, taking part in data processing operations, with different roles and responsibilities based on the degree of involvement and discretionary power they may exercise with respect to how and why they process your data.
Data controller
-
Togggle
The main actor is called the '
data controller
' and freely and autonomously determines the purposes, methods and means of processing, having to ensure the security of your data and the protection of all your rights, according to the provisions of the Privacy Law.
The data controller is
Togggle
with registered office in [●].
Other actors can also come into action with a supporting - albeit fundamental - role vis-à-vis the data controller. The Privacy Law in fact allows the latter to delegate one or more specific processing activities to external service providers, if they are reliable, called '
data processors
', who may act exclusively on behalf of the data controller and within the limits of the written instructions provided by the latter.
Please note that by '
personal data
' we do not mean only those that allow your immediate identification (e.g. first and last name), but also those that, in combination with other information available to us or to third parties, would allow us to recognize you (e.g. your social security number or the IP address of the device you used to access the Application).
2.
What personal data we process and how we collect it
The use of our Application and Services involves the collection and processing of personal data.
The categories of personal data collected are indicated in the following paragraphs. Some information is necessary to register you with the Application (your full name, email address and password), other information is only requested when you access to your personal storage space.
As for the sources of your personal data, some information is provided directly by you (for example, to create your personal storage space, you must necessarily provide us with your full name, email address and set a password). Other personal data is automatically collected when you interact with us through the Application (for example, your device's IP address or personal data collected through cookies and other processing technologies).
2.1.
Data provided directly by the user
Some personal data is provided to us directly by you. Such data include:
✔ Account information
To use Togggle, you must create your personal storage space. When registering, you will only be asked to provide us with your name, email address and to create your own personal password. These are the only details that are essential for us to allow you to interact with us through the Application. Once you have entered this information, when you use Togggle for the first time, it is provided a validation system of your identity. We will immediately send you an email to verify your email address and ensure that it was you who requested the account to be created.
✔ Geo-location information
We may request access to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our Application, to provide certain location-basedservices. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
✔ Notifications
You may receive notifications from the Application regarding the operation of our Services, in addition to ordinary notifications related to the functions of Togggle (e.g. receiving messages), for instance we may send you notifications when system updates are available, or if we make any changes to our Terms or to this Policy.
✔ Service and support
You can contact us at any time using the form Contact us on our website [●].
When you contact us for assistance or to receive information about the operation of our Services, we will collect your email address and other details, including personal information, that you choose to share to help us to respond to your requests.
Please do not send us any personal information through this channel that is not strictly necessary to fulfil your request. It is understood that, in this case, any processing of such personal data will be the exclusive consequence of your choice to share them with us within the above-mentioned conversation.
✔ Feedback
At any time, you can voluntarily send us your feedback on our Services. For example, you can send us reports about any bugs or technical issues you have faced while using the Application. We will only collect the data that you choose to include in the report (including, for example, any
screenshots
), as well as your e-mail address you used to register with Togggle. We will automatically collect some information about the type of device you are using and the operating system you are using. We will use this data exclusively to manage your report, including possibly contacting you, and to improve our Services.
2.2. Data acquired automatically when using Togggle
We have designed and set up the Application and our Services in such a way as to minimize the collection of user data, minimizing the processing of personal data to what is strictly necessary for the operation and maintenance of our services. However, when you use our Services, we automatically collect certain information through your device.
This category of data includes:
✔ Navigation data
The computer systems and software procedures in charge of operating the Application, during their normal operation, automatically acquire certain information from your device when you access Togggle or use the related Services via mobile (smartphone).
This data includes, for example: the
internet protocol
(IP) address when you connect toTogggle, the time of the request and the method used to submit the request to the server; the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (e.g. successful, error, etc.); the country of origin; the type of browser you are using and the name of your
internet service provider
(ISP); the version of the Application; the type of device used to access the internet, the operating system (iOS, Android) and other parameters and information related to your device and computer environment; the various temporal connotations of the visit, such as the time spent on each page of the Application and details about the itinerary followed within the relevant pages.
This is information whose transmission is implicit in the use of communication protocols with Togggle, and which is automatically collected to manage and optimize the use of the Application and its Services. Therefore, this information is not collected in order to be associated with identified individuals, but considering its nature could, through processing and merging with other information, also held by third parties (in particular, third party providers of Internet connection services), allow your identification.
✔ Data collected through cookies
We use cookies and other similar tracking technologies ('
Cookies
') to enable you to login to the Application and use our Services. To learn more about the data processing connected with the use of cookies and similar online tracking tools, please see our Cookie Policy.
✔ Application Usage Information
We collect information about how you use our Application and Services, such as what type of content you view on your status, how long you stay on the Application and how often you use it, what time you send and receive messages.
2.3. Data collected through other sources
Sometimes, Togggle may collect information about you from other sources. In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties.
For example, if you interact with us on a social media platform (e.g. Facebook or Twitter), we receive personal information about you such as your name, email address connected from your social media account.
3.
For what purposes we process your data and what gives us the right to do so
Control over what can be done with your data is and should remain solely in your hands.
For this reason, it is our duty to provide you with all useful details to understand the processing that we may carry out in connection with the use of the Application and of our Services, indicating both the specific purpose from time to time pursued and the legal basisthat justifies the processing, allowing us or not to perform the various activities described below.
A. Registration, creation and management of your personal storage space
To access the Application, regardless of which Services you decide to use, you must create a personal storage space. For this specific purpose, we only need your full name, email addressand a personal password. Without this information, we will not be able to process your request to register with Togggle and you will not be able to use the Application.
We will use your email address, exclusively for purposes related and instrumental to the management of your account, as well as to carry out, the necessary service communications (e.g. sending the email during the first log-in to verify your identity, availability of any updates).
The legal basis for processing your personal data for this purpose is the performance of pre-contractual measures taken at your request and the contract you have entered with us.
Legal basis: Art. 6.1, b) of the GDPR.
B. Using the Application
We will use your information to process and handle your requests for information about our Services and to provide you with the assistance you need in connection with any problems you faced while accessing or using the Application.
In relation to these purposes, we will process your personal data to perform the contract to which you are a party.
Legal basis: Art. 6.1, b) of the GDPR.
C. Testimonial posting
‍
We post testimonials on our Application that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, you could contact us.
In relation to this purpose, we will process your personal data with your consent.
Legal basis: Art. 6.1, a) of the GDPR
.
D. Security
Your personal data may also be processed for the purpose of breach analysis. For example, we may process your data in order to prevent, detect, analyze and/or manage fraud and other illegal activities against the Company or users interacting with Togggle (such as malware attempts, spamming, abusive access to our computer systems), as well as to protect the rights and safety of our users, of the Data Controller or third parties.
Legal basis: Art. 6.1, f) of the GDPR.
E. Marketing communication
We or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
In relation to this purpose, we will process your personal data with your consent.
Legal basis: Art. 6.1, a) of the GDPR.
Further purposes
In addition to the above, your data may also be processed for the following additional purposes:
F.
in the field of our legitimate interest in performing statistical and aggregate analysis of an anonymous nature (
Art. 6.1, f) of the GDPR
);
G.
for the compliance of specific legal obligations of the Data Controller (
Art. 6.1, c) of the GDPR
);
H.
to comply with and execute requests, orders, decisions and measures of the Judicial Authority or other competent Authorities, including the Italian Data Protection Authority (Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali, '
Italian DPA'
) (
Art. 6.1, c) of the GDPR
);
I.
in the field of our legitimate interest in ascertaining, exercising or defending one of our rights in judicial proceedings, as well as in administrative proceedings and in arbitration and/or conciliation proceedings in cases provided for under the law (
Art. 6.1, f) of the GDPR
).
The purposes for which the Data Controller may process your personal data, with the relevant legal bases, are summarized in the table below.
A)
Registration, creation and management of your personal storage space
Performance of contractual obligations and pre-contractual measures (Art. 6.1(b) GDPR)
B)
Using the Application
Performance of contractual obligations and pre-contractual measures (Art. 6.1(b) GDPR)
C)
Testimonial posting
Consent (Art. 6.1(a) GDPR)
D)
Security
Legitimate interest of the DataController (art. 6.1, lett. f) GDPR)
E)
Statistical and aggregate analysis
Legitimate interest of the Data Controller (art. 6.1, lett. f) GDPR)
F)
Marketing purpose
Consent (Art. 6.1(a) GDPR)
G)
Compliance with specific legal obligations applicable to the Data Controller
Compliance with a legal obligation to which the Data Controller is subject (art. 6.1, letter c) GDPR)
H)
Compliance with and execution of legal regulations or orders, decisions and measures of authorities
Compliance with a legal obligation to which the Data Controller is subject (art. 6.1, letter c) GDPR)
I)
To establish, exercise or defend a right in court
Legitimate interest of the Data Controller (art. 6.1, lett. f) GDPR)
4.
Method of processing and communication of your personal data
The processing of your personal data may take place using both computerized and manual procedures, but always under the supervision of appropriate security measures to counter the risk of destruction, loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of the same.
Under no circumstances will your personal data be subject to fully automated decision-making processes.
Your data may be made available to third-party service providers, outsourcers and, more generally, external companies to which the Data Controller outsource the performance of activities related to the development of the Application and related Services, where this is indispensable for the performance of the purposes described above (e.g. IT service providers, companies in charge of the development and/or technical maintenance of systems, databases and services of Togggle, professionals and legal and tax consultants, and auditing companies).
These entities, bodies, companies and professionals will process your data as autonomous data controllers or data processors, subject to verification by us of their level of competence and reliability and duly appointed through an appropriate agreement pursuant to Art. 28 of the GDPR, depending on the purpose and type of data processing pursued.
Your data may also be disclosed:
✔
to third-party companies, in case of a corporate reorganization, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of part or all of our contracts, assets or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings). For example, if our Company enters into a joint venture with another company, acquires another company, is acquired by another company or merges with another company, your information may be disclosed or transferred to those companies, as well as to our new business partners, new owners or their advisors;
✔
to the Judicial Authority and/or to the Public Security Authority and/or to other competent authorities, in the event of requests or in the cases expressly provided for by law.
5.
Transfer of data to third countries
Your data may also be processed outside the European Economic Area ('
EEA
').
Whenever the need arises to transfer your data to countries outside the EEA, it is our duty to ensure that those countries provide levels of protection and security at least equivalent to those required by the Privacy Law and to impose the same data protection and security obligations on the recipient of the data as we do (e.g. by entering into Standard Contractual Clauses with the recipient of the data and by carrying out a risk assessment of the transfer when required).
6.
How long we retain your data
We will only retain your data for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described above.
In particular, also in accordance with the provisions of specific laws:
✔
the navigation data, automatically acquired during the use of the Application and of our Services, will be deleted at the end of each session (from the log-in to the log-out), except for the sole and ascertained security reasons, to allow us to establish possible responsibilities in case of cybercrimes committed against us;
✔
data collected through cookies and similar tracking technologies will be retained in accordance with the periods set out in our Cookie Policy;
✔
the data that you provided upon registration, i.e. your name, your email address, collected for the purposes of activating and managing your personal  storage space, will be retained until you decide to deactivate your personal account;
✔
data processed for security purposes (e.g.
logs
) will be retained for the time strictly necessary to perform security checks and evaluate the results and, in any case, no longer than one year after collection;
✔
data collected when you interact with us through the 'Contact Us' section to request assistance, support or general information on our Services, or to report us on any technical problems faced in using the Application, will be processed only for the time strictly necessary to respond to your requests and manage your reports;
The retention times of your personal data are summarized in the table below.
a)
Navigation data
For the duration of the relevant browsing session only, except for longer periods required for security reasons
b)
Data collected through Cookies
Please, see our Cookie Policy
c)
Data related to your personal account
Until account deactivation
d)
Security
Legitimate interest of the DataController (art. 6.1, lett. f) GDPR)
e)
Data processed for security purposes
For as long as is strictly necessary for security checks, and in any case for no longer than one year from the date of collection
f)
Support and Feedback
For the time strictly necessary to process the request or report
After the expiration of the above-mentioned terms, we may further store your data for anonymous aggregate statistical purposes, as specified above, as well as to comply with any requests, orders, decisions or provisions issued by the Judicial Authority, Public SecurityAuthority or other competent authorities, as well as to ascertain, exercise or defend our legal rights in court.
7.
Your rights
As a data subject, you may at any time exercise your rights under the Privacy Law, namely:
a.
Access
: to know whether or not your data is being processed and, if so, to receive evidence - among other things - of the purposes of the processing, the categories of data involved, the recipients to whom the data may be disclosed, the applicable retention period, the existence of an automated decision-making process;
b.
Rectification
: obtaining without undue delay the modification and updating of any inaccurate data concerning you;
c.
Erasure
: by obtaining the erasure of your data, unless expressly exempted, when (i) the data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; (ii) you have withdrawn your consent to a specific data processing, if there is no other appropriate legal basis; (iii) you have objected to a specific processing for reasons related to your particular situation, as set out in point f.below and there is no overriding legitimate reason for us to continue processing; (iv) the data has been processed unlawfully; (v) the data must be erased in compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
d.
Restriction of processing
: by obtaining the suspension of the processing of your data when: (a) you contest its accuracy, for the period necessary to allow us to carry out the necessary verifications; (b) the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasureof your data, requesting instead the restriction of their use; c) your data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes identified above, but you need them for the purposes of ascertaining, exercising and/or defending your rights in court; d) you have objected to one or more processing operations and we are still in the process of verifying the existence of legitimate reasons that allow us to continue to process your data;
e.
Portability
: requesting to receive in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format the personal data you have provided to us and/or to transmit them directly to another data controller;
f.
Objection
: objecting on grounds relating to your personal situation to processing based on our legitimate interest and obtaining its termination, except where (i) there are compelling legitimate grounds, overriding your interests, rights and freedoms, that allow us to continue the processing; or (ii) your data is necessary to enable us to establish, exercise or defend a right in court;
g.
Withdrawal of consent
: by withdrawing the consent previously given, it being understood that the data processing we will have carried out up to that point will remain fully lawful;
h.
Complaint
: by lodging a complaint to the Italian DPA, if you believe that one or more processing of your data are carried out by us in violation of the current Privacy Law. This is without prejudice to your right to lodge an administrative or jurisdictional appeal.
To exercise your rights and/or to ask for any information or clarification regarding the processing of your data by Togggle, you can write at any time to the following contacts:
–
E-mail:
[●].
–
PEC:
[●].
–
Paper mail
: [●].
Sub-policy 1
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/bloomreach-privacy-notice:
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: May 21, 2024
Bloomreach, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“
Bloomreach
“, “
we
” and “
our
“) take privacy very seriously. This Privacy Notice (“
Privacy Notice
“) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Notice only applies to personal information we collect in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
https://www.bloomreach.com/en
) ( collectively the “
Websites
“), product feedback and surveys and in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities.
For personal information that we collect when you register for an account with Bloomreach, use or otherwise interact with our products and services, please see our Services Privacy Notice which can be found
here
;
In the event of any discrepancies between this Privacy Notice and any specific privacy notice applicable to any Bloomreach products or services, the specific privacy policy prevails.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com or
contact us at the details below
.
Quick links
We recommend that you read this entire Privacy Notice to ensure that you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the links below.
Who we are
What information do we collect and why?
Who do we share your personal information with?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA/UK residents only)
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
EU-U.S, Swiss-U.S., and UK Extension to the, Data Privacy Framework
Children
Changes to our privacy notice
Contact us
Who we are
Bloomreach is a global company headquartered in the USA, with affiliates, offices and/or employees in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Germany, Czechia, Slovakia, India, United Arab Emirates and Russia. We provide publishers, retailers, websites, ecommerce businesses and others (our “Clients”) with tools, analytics, personalization services and marketing platform that help our Clients develop and publish content and their consumers find content they want and deliver personalized customer experiences. You can find out more about Bloomreach
here
.
What information do we collect and why?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details (like your name, email address and phone number) when you request information about our products and services, request access to a demo or any online training materials, subscribe to marketing communications (like newsletters) from us and/or otherwise submit enquiries to us.
In case you subscribe to our marketing communications you can unsubscribe at any time from such communication by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of our marketing emails. There is also a possibility of opting-out from receiving emails by clicking on “opt-out from emailing” available on our Website in the section
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/control-your-data/opt-out
.
We may also collect personal information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events or during phone calls with sales representatives. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
We will collect your personal information such as your name, contact details and your resume/CV if you apply for a job with us.
We process personal information of our Clients in order to provide them with our Services. The data processed for such purpose may include full name, company email, phone number, company name and industry and others.
Bloomreach Academy. If you enrol to Bloomreach Academy basic personal information about you such as your name, email address, what company you work for, what is your job title, payment information, course attendance, results and your preferred language are processed by Bloomreach.
We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis and the consequences, if any, of not providing the information.
The personal information we collect may include contact information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Examples of how we use this information include:
To respond to your requests or provide you with information requested by you.
To send administrative or account related information to you.
To communicate with you about updates to the Service.
To maintain the website and tailor the website to your needs.
To communicate with you by post, telephone and/or email for the purposes of providing you with marketing and promotional content (in accordance with your marketing preferences). For more information about managing your marketing preferences, please see the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section of this Notice below.
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements and policies.
To prevent, detect, identify, investigate, respond and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behaviour, and criminal activity.
For other business purposes such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing and to enhance, customize and improve our Websites, products and services.
Information we automatically collect:
When using our Websites or interacting with our online advertisements or marketing emails (collectively with our Websites, the “Online Properties”), we automatically collect certain information from your device. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the UK, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
”.
The information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.  We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Online Properties, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
How we use this information:
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the individuals who use and interact with our Online Properties, where they come from, and what content on our Online Properties is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Online Properties.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
: From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (such as our marketing providers), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. The types of information we collect from third parties include contact information and job titles and we use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you.
Social Media Widgets:
Our Website includes plugins of social media platforms, such as Facebook and Instagram of Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA; Twitter of Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco CA 94107, USA; YouTube of YouTube Inc., 1000 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 940666, USA; LinkedIn of LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. You can generally identify the plugins by the respective network’s logo, for instance in combination with a pictogram of a clenched hand with a raised thumb or the addition of a “recommendation”, “like” or “comment.” Details about purpose and extent of data collection as well as processing and usage of the data by the social media networks can be obtained by reading the privacy policies of Facebook, Twitter and Google.
a) Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy
b) Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
c) Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
d) Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
e) YouTube:
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/10364219?hl=en
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our
group companies, third party service providers and partners
(for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Online Properties), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information.
to any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to a
potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
to our
marketing partners
to send emails on our behalf, and/or for co-branded and/or co-sponsored marketing and promotional events (such as conference events) offered in conjunction with another company or companies. If you register for or participate in such marketing and promotional events, we and the relevant partner companies may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded and/or co-sponsored marketing and promotional events. Our Privacy Notice will apply to our use of your personal information. We have no control over any other companies’ privacy practices, so please read their applicable privacy.
to
our data processors
, whereas we use the following categories of data processors – hosting services, marketing tools, tools for analytics and tracking, tools for running events, polls or surveys, business operations/management tools, task management and communication tools.
to
our advisors
such as legal advisors, tax advisors etc.
to
any other person
with your consent to the disclosure
.
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively “
Cookies
“) to collect and use personal information about you, including to do interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Notice
here
.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measure we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access (e.g., your users).
However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
Links to Other Sites
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Bloomreach. Please be aware that Bloomreach is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of other sites to understand their information practices. This Privacy Notice applies only to information collected by our Websites.
Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA/UK residents only)
If you are resident in or a visitor from European Economic Area or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  In most cases we use personal information where we have your consent to do so, where it is necessary for performance of contract or where the processing is in our legitimate business interests. Typically, our legitimate interests include: (i) improving our Online Properties, products and services; (ii) for our marketing activities; (iii) measuring the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns; (iv) exercising or defending legal claims; and (v) handling the requests from our customers.
In some cases, we have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you. If we ask you to provide personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to enter into a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
International data transfers
We are a growing corporation with operations in multiple countries, including the United States, United Kingdom, India, Germany, the Netherlands, Czechia and Slovakia. While our primary data centers are in the United States, Ireland, the Netherlands and Belgium, we may transfer personal information or other information to Bloomreach offices outside of the United States, the European Economic Area, or the United Kingdom. In addition, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (including as amended by the UK Data Transfer Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses), as well as our certification to (and adherence to the Principles under) the Data Privacy Framework (defined below) in connection with transfers to Bloomreach Inc. in the US.
Depending on your location, our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided to you upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners, and further details can be provided to you upon request.
Data Retention
Generally personal data shall be kept for as long as necessary for the purpose for which it was processed. The length of time that Bloomreach will hold your personal data will also depend on the legal basis on which your data is processed. Shall the processing be based on legitimate interest, your data will be processed for as long as the given legitimate interest of Bloomreach is in place. For data kept based on legal obligations, the data-retention period is prescribed by applicable legal regulations. For data processed based on performance of a contract, the data is processed for the duration of the contractual relationship and for an applicable limitation period. Shall the processing be based on your consent, your personal data shall be erased after you withdraw your consent. Please bear in mind that the same data may as well be processed based on other legal basis in which case your withdrawal of consent might not mean a full erasure of your data.
The personal data of successful applicants is processed and retained in line with our employee Privacy Policy.
The personal data of unsuccessful applicants that provided us with their consent for considering them for future positions at Bloomreach is processed for the period for which the consent was given, whereas you may withdraw your consent at any time. The personal data of unsuccessful applicants that have not provided us their consent for retaining their personal data are retained for as long as the given legitimate interest of Bloomreach to protect itself from legal claims and effectuate the hiring process.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
You can
access, review, change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us
dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com or via our Website in the section
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/control-your-data
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. We do not charge you to update or remove your personal information.
To remove your personal information from a Website testimonial or request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com
or via our Website in the section
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/control-your-data
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area/UK, you can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com
or contact us via our Website in the section
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/control-your-data
.
You can
opt out of receiving promotional emails or text messages
from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email or by going to
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/control-your-data/opt-out
.  If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. If you wish to withdraw your consent, contact us at
dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com
, you can also withdraw your consent anytime by contacting us via our Website in the section
https://www.bloomreach.com/en/legal/control-your-data
.
You have the right to
complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) are available
here
,
if you are resident of the UK, please contact Information Commissioner’s Office at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint
.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your personal information
.
EU-U.S, Swiss-U.S., and UK Extension to the, Data Privacy Framework
Bloomreach, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Bloomreach commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Non-HR personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to our US based third-party dispute resolution provider (JAMS). If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. This service is provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Children
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), as we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. The Website and its content are directed to people who are at least 18 years of age or older. We do not collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. If you are under the age of 18, you may not use this Website unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. The most current version of this Privacy Notice will govern your use of your personal information. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about Bloomreach or this Privacy Notice, please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at
dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com
or using the contact details provided below.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Postal Mail Address:
Bloomreach, Inc.
700 E. El Camino Real, Suite 130
Mountain View, CA 94041
If you are an EEA/UK resident:
Bloomreach, B.V.
Keizersgracht 125-127, 1015 CJ
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Attn: Data Protection Officer
We can be reached via e-mail at
dpo(at)bloomreach(dot)com
or you can reach us by telephone at +1 (888) 263-3917.
If you are resident in the EEA/UK, the data controller of your personal information is Bloomreach B.V. jointly with Bloomreach, Inc.
If you are a Consumer, the data controller of your personal information is our Client whose Digital Properties you use.
Login
Content / Discovery
Product Discovery and CMS
Engagement Platform
Please login through the link in your invite email
EN
FR
DE
Login
Content / Discovery
Product Discovery and CMS
Engagement Platform
Please login through the link in your invite email
EN
FR
DE
Products
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
About Us
Back
Products
Email Marketing
SMS, RCS & WhatsApp
Web Personalization
Mobile App
Ad Optimization
Testing & Optimization
Email Marketing
SMS, RCS & WhatsApp
Web Personalization
Mobile App
Ad Optimization
Testing & Optimization
Ecommerce Search
Ecommerce Categories
Recommendations
Headless Content
Conversational Shopping
Ecommerce Search
Ecommerce Categories
Recommendations
Headless Content
Conversational Shopping
Our Leadership in Analyst Reports
The Edge Summit
Our Leadership in Analyst Reports
The Edge Summit
Marketing Automation
Personalize marketing in real-time across email, sms, app, website, and more.
Product Discovery
Ecommerce search and merchandising focused on maximizing revenue.
Unified Data Platform
Customer & product data management, integrations and advanced analytics for omnichannell personalization.
Powered by
Loomi
Experience AI built for growth
Back
Solutions
Retail & Brands
Travel & Hospitality
Food & Beverage
Financial Services
B2B
iGaming
Retail & Brands
Travel & Hospitality
Food & Beverage
Financial Services
B2B
iGaming
Bloomreach Academy
Use Case Library
Plug & Play Library
Experience Strategy Group
Privacy at Bloomreach
Security at Bloomreach
Bloomreach Academy
Use Case Library
Plug & Play Library
Experience Strategy Group
Privacy at Bloomreach
Security at Bloomreach
Documentation
Calculators
Upcoming Free Courses
Product Tours (NEW!)
Documentation
Calculators
Upcoming Free Courses
Product Tours (NEW!)
Integrations
Use our integrations to easily connect and move data between your technologies and systems.
Technology Partners
With our partnered solutions, you get access to additional services and technologies to solve customer problems.
Become a Partner
Join our partner ecosystem to unlock limitless potential.
Back
Resources
Retail & Brands
Travel & Hospitality
Food & Beverage
Fintech & Telco
B2B
View All Case Studies
Retail & Brands
Travel & Hospitality
Food & Beverage
Fintech & Telco
B2B
View All Case Studies
Leverage Al
Increase Profitability
Ecommerce Personalization
Retention and Loyalty
Acquire More Customers
Understand Customer Data
Grow AOV
View More
Leverage Al
Increase Profitability
Ecommerce Personalization
Retention and Loyalty
Acquire More Customers
Understand Customer Data
Grow AOV
View More
Blog
Podcasts
Events
Analyst Reports
Upcoming Webinars
Experience Strategy Group
Exclusive Insights from Bloomreach
Blog
Podcasts
Events
Analyst Reports
Upcoming Webinars
Experience Strategy Group
Exclusive Insights from Bloomreach
The Edge Summit
London & New York, Sep 2024
Register Now
Back
Pricing
Email Marketing
SMS & Mobile Messaging
Web Personalization
App Personalization
Ad Optimization
Enterprise Engagement
View All Packages
Email Marketing
SMS & Mobile Messaging
Web Personalization
App Personalization
Ad Optimization
Enterprise Engagement
View All Packages
Ecommerce Search
Merchandising
Recommendations
SEO
Headless Content
Conversational Shopping
View All Packages
Ecommerce Search
Merchandising
Recommendations
SEO
Headless Content
Conversational Shopping
View All Packages
There Is No Upgrade From Bloomreach
Find the perfect package for your business. Unify all your customer and product data and deliver connected customer experiences with our three commerce-specific products.
View Pricing
Book a call with one of our experts
Back
About Us
Our Story
Leadership Team
ESG at Bloomreach
Careers
Contact Us
Our Story
Leadership Team
ESG at Bloomreach
Careers
Contact Us
What’s New in Marketing Automation
What’s New in Product Discovery
What’s New in Marketing Automation
What’s New in Product Discovery
Life With Bloomreach
Watch this video to learn what your life could look like when you use Bloomreach.
Back
Products
Marketing Automation
AI-powered marketing that automates, personalizes, and converts.
Search and Merchandising
AI-native commerce search that maximizes revenue per visitor.
Conversational Shopping
AI-driven shopping conversations that scale your best sales associate.
Integrations
160+ integrations to make your job easier and more effective. Find yours.
Email Marketing
Web Personalization
Ecommerce Search
Ecommerce Merchandising
Mobile App
Product Recommendations
SMS, RCS & WhatsApp
Ad Optimization
A/B Testing & Optimization
Email Marketing
Web Personalization
Ecommerce Search
Ecommerce Merchandising
Mobile App
Product Recommendations
SMS, RCS & WhatsApp
Ad Optimization
A/B Testing & Optimization
Powered by
Loomi
Boost revenue faster with AI powering every product you use.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.trifft.io/saas-privacy-policy/:
PLATFORM
PLATFORM OVERVIEW
The COMPLETE Loyalty Platform.
Cloud-native, enabling the real-time execution, complete with multiple customer touch points.
FEATURES
LOYALTY ENGINE
The powerhouse behind a loyalty program, supporting all modern loyalty mechanics and features.
INTEGRATION HUB
A collection of pre-built integrations, comprehensive REST APIs, and a powerful webhook engine simplify data exchange, content management, and real-time event handling.
customer touch points
Ready-to-go solutions: mobile apps, digital wallets, loyalty websites, and on-site tools.
impact enablement
Expert support services ranging from design, to project management and outsourcing.
TRUST AND SECURITY
LEARN MORE
privacy and data management
LEARN MORE
ready to see trifft in action?
talk to us
INDUSTRIES
Retail
HOspitality
premium
Enhance customer loyalty in premium retail with tailored solutions designed for luxury brands.
restaurants
Elevate guest loyalty and optimize operations in hospitality and restaurants with our specialized offerings.
CONVENIENCE
Foster repeat visits and cultivate lasting loyalty with instant, satisfying rewards designed for the competitive convenience sector.
Hotels
Create incentives in a market where brand identity competes with pricing to promote repeat visits and increased customer lifetime value.
Offline & Online
Drive foot traffic and conversions with integrated loyalty solutions designed for retail settings.
online food ordering
Increase order frequency with smart, personalized loyalty programs designed to boost customer retention and repeat purchases.
RESOURCES
partners
Explore the strategic collaborations that amplify our impact.
blog
Insights, trends, and tips to help you stay ahead in the fast-evolving landscape of loyalty.
Get all the news. Subscribe to our newsletter
SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT
GET IN TOUCH
PRODUCT
PLATFORM OVERVIEW
The COMPLETE Loyalty Platform.
Cloud-native, enabling the real-time execution, complete with multiple customer touch points.
FEATURES
LOYALTY ENGINE
The powerhouse behind a loyalty program, supporting all modern loyalty mechanics and features.
INTEGRATION HUB
A collection of pre-built integrations, comprehensive REST APIs, and a powerful webhook engine simplify data exchange, content management, and real-time event handling.
customer touch points
Ready-to-go solutions: mobile apps, digital wallets, loyalty websites, and on-site tools.
impact enablement
Expert support services ranging from design, to project management and outsourcing.
TRUST AND SECURITY
LEARN MORE
privacy and data management
LEARN MORE
ready to see trifft in action?
talk to us
INDUSTRIES
RETAIL
Industries
premium
Enhance customer loyalty in premium retail with tailored solutions designed for luxury brands.
CONVENIENCE
Foster repeat visits and cultivate lasting loyalty with instant, satisfying rewards designed for the competitive convenience sector.
Offline & Online
Drive foot traffic and conversions with integrated loyalty solutions designed for retail settings.
HOSPITALITY
restaurants
Elevate guest loyalty and optimize operations in hospitality and restaurants with our specialized offerings.
hotels
Create incentives in a market where brand identity competes with pricing to promote repeat visits and increased customer lifetime value.
online food ordering
Increase order frequency with smart, personalized loyalty programs designed to boost customer retention and repeat purchases.
RESOURCES
partners
Explore the strategic collaborations that amplify our impact.
blog
Insights, trends, and tips to help you stay ahead in the fast-evolving landscape of loyalty.
Get all the news. Subscribe to our newsletter
SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT
privacy policy
This Privacy Policy will explain how TRIFFT ME s. r. o., Company Identification Number: 50 948 997 with its registered office at Jozefská 17, 811 06 Bratislava, a company registered in the Commercial Register of the Bratislava I District Court, Section: Sro, File no. 120553 / B, uses the personal data collected from the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud solution Clients, potential Clients in pre-contractual phase or its website visitors.
TRIFFT ME s. r. o. acts as a data controller and is committed to protecting the personal data of its Clients, potential Clients and website visitors under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to personal data and other information collected from:
Users of TRIFFT – Contests and Rewards mobile app. For this group of users a separate Privacy Policy was created.
User of our Client's white label mobile app. The TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud solution requires the use of Personal Data of the Users, however, only our Client is in direct contact with the Users. Therefore, the consent of the Users needs to be obtained by the Client from the Client's Users before it gets to the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud. The obtainment is the responsibility and liability of our Client. Thus, if you are using our Client's app, please refer to the Client's own privacy policy.
What data do we collect?
Using our website, https://www.trifft.io, we may collect personal information including your contact information such as your name, surname, email address, or phone number.
Personal information is also required when filling in any contact forms on our website. The purpose of providing these allows us to directly contact you back with relevant answer to your inquiry to the extent permitted by applicable laws.
Personal data collection also applies to our newsletter subscription or other marketing communication.
In order to improve user experience on our website, we may also collect and use non-identifiable information. This information helps us analyze site performance and measure web traffic.
TRIFFT ME also collects and processes personal data of its existing Customers in order to provide them with Services. This data may include name and surname, email address, phone number, company name, industry, and other information.
All collected data may be anonymized and used for purposes such as improving TRIFFT ME s. r. o.'s own services or shared with other parties for commercial and statistical purposes.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide TRIFFT ME s. r. o. with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Voluntarily complete a contact form on our website or contact us via email.
Use or view our website via your browser's cookies, server logs or other ad technologies.
Become a TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud Customer using our Services.
We may occasionally collect your information from temporary marketing activities such as surveys, free trial accounts, etc.
How will we use your data?
TRIFFT ME s. r. o. collects your data so that we can:
Improve user experience on your website.
Gather information to improve our Services, compile statistical and trend analysis.
Contact you (given you have provided us with your consent to do so).
Meet legal, regulatory and/or compliance requirements.
How do we store your data?
Our Company securely stores your data based on your prior consent given to us. To ensure protection and security, we store this information in secured networks accessible by a limited number of persons only to prevent unauthorized access.
We may share your personal information with third parties whose services we use. These third parties process personal data as intermediaries and as such are bound by our instructions in the processing of personal data.
We currently use the services of the following third parties and intermediaries:
Hosting
Providers providing login and verification, email address and telephone number
Marketing and analytical tools, tools for monitoring errors in the application
Providers of legal, accounting, tax and audit services
Personal data may be the subject of cross-border transfers to countries within the European Union, to third countries that provide an adequate level of protection, as well as to third countries that do not guarantee an adequate level of personal data protection, provided that the controller has taken measures to ensure personal data protection. In the case of a transfer of personal data to the United States, the transfer of personal data may also occur under the Privacy Shield Scheme, in which the companies participating in the scheme undertake to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
In general, we store personal data for as long as the purpose for which it is processed lasts. How long your personal data is kept usually depends on the legal basis on which the data is processed. The processing of personal data in the case of granting consent is possible only during the period for which the consent was granted or until the withdrawal of consent. In the case of the processing of personal data for the purpose of direct marketing on the basis of the legitimate interest of the controller, the personal data will be processed until the data subject objects to the processing in question. If your personal data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interest, we process it as long as our legitimate interest persists. If the retention period is stipulated by law, your personal data is processed for the period specified therein. In the case of processing on the basis of performance of the contract, the data are processed and stored for the duration of the contractual relationship and subsequently for the period of expiry of the limitation period. Please keep in mind that some personal data is processed on several legal bases, in which case the revocation of your consent may not necessarily result in the complete erasure of your personal data.
Marketing
TRIFFT ME s. r. o. may occasionally send you information about news, products, and service updates of ours that we think you might like, given you have provided us with the appropriate permission.
If you have agreed to receive marketing communication from us, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop TRIFFT ME s. r. o. from contacting you for marketing purposes.
What are your data protection rights?
TRIFFT ME s. r. o. would like to make sure you are fully aware of all your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to information about the processing of personal data, you also have the right to have access to the personal data that we process about you. This includes information about what data we process about you, for what purpose, to whom your personal data was provided, whether it was transferred to a third country and for how long we will keep your personal data. You also have the right to request a copy of the personal data we process about you.
The right to rectification – If you believe that TRIFFT is processing incorrect, inaccurate or out-of-date personal data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct them. It is important for us to process the right personal data about you, so be sure to use this right whenever there is a change in any of your personal data that is important to our mutual relationship. Based on the corrected or current information provided by you, we will correct the personal data we process about you.
The right to erasure – You have the right to delete your personal data that we process about you if the following conditions are met and if legal exceptions do not apply:
You believe that we are processing incorrect personal data about you, until the accuracy of this personal data is verified
The processing of your personal data is illegal, and you decide to request a restriction on their processing instead of their deletion
We no longer need personal data for processing purposes, but these are necessary for the purposes of proving, asserting or defending your own legal claims
You object to the processing of your personal data, until it is verified whether the legitimate reasons for the processing of personal data prevail over your legitimate interests
We would like to inform you that if the processing and storage of your personal data is required by applicable law, TRIFFT ME s. r. o. is obliged to proceed in accordance with these and in such a case it is not possible to delete your personal data. As a rule, personal data stored in this way can only be deleted after the deadlines set out in the relevant legal regulations have expired.
The right to restrict processing – You also have the right, under certain conditions, to request a temporary processing restriction if:
You believe that we are processing incorrect personal data about you, until the accuracy of this personal data is verified
The processing of your personal data is illegal, and you decide to request a restriction on their processing instead of their deletion
We no longer need personal data for processing purposes, but these are necessary for the purposes of proving, asserting or defending your own legal claims
You object to the processing of your personal data, until it is verified whether the legitimate reasons for the processing of personal data prevail over your legitimate interests
In these cases, TRIFFT will not delete your personal data, but will mark it and restrict its processing for certain purposes.
The right to data portability – You have the right to obtain personal data that we process about you on the basis of your consent and / or contract and are processed by automated means - in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another operator. If technically possible, we will transfer your personal data directly to the operator of your choice at your request.
The right to object to profiling and automated individual decision-making– You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, which includes automated individual decision-making or profiling, for reasons related to your specific situation. You always have the right to object to the processing of your personal data if it is processed for direct marketing purposes.
You also have the right to object if there is an automated processing of your personal data, on the basis of which a decision with legal effects may be made or otherwise significantly affects you.
In the event of an objection to the processing of your personal data, which is being processed on the legal basis of TRIFFT's legitimate interest, TRIFFT will assess the situation based of the information provided by you and will inform you whether in the particular situation TRIFFT's legitimate interest prevails and data processing will continue or whether your rights prevail, and processing will be stopped.
The right to withdraw consent– If your personal data is processed on the legal basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent does not affect the validity and lawfulness of the processing of your personal data until the moment of withdrawal of consent.
The right to report a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office – You have the right to object to TRIFFT ME s. r. o.'s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. In justified cases, we may extend this period to 60 days, of which we will inform you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: support@trifft.io
What tracking technologies do we use?
We use analytical and tracking technologies within the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud and on our website. Tracking technologies help us manage the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud and provide its basic functionality. It also helps us collect information from website visitors such as IP-address, country and time zone, browser type and language, operating system and system settings, unique cookie identifier, unique device identifier and device type, domain, previously visited websites, information about interactions with our website, access times and referring URLs.
We distinguish between tracking technologies according to what they are intended for:
a) necessary, which ensure the proper functioning of the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud, for example, ensure the function of logging in to the user account, resp. memorizing the login to the user account, allows you to switch between the language versions of the application and ensures that your language choice is remembered. The legal basis of these tracking technologies is the legitimate interest of the Operator.
b) analytical, used to analyze the movement of visitors across the website, to evaluate what content is relevant to the visitor and to obtain data on the demographics of website visitors. The legal basis for processing these cookies is the consent of the website user.
c) advertising, are used to display targeted and relevant advertising. The legal basis for processing these tracking technologies is the consent of the user of the websitee.
You agree to the use of tracking technologies by agreeing to the terms of use of the website or the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud.
We currently use the following analytical tracking technologies withing the TRIFFT Loyalty Cloud application:
Functional Software Inc. (Sentry), 132 Hawthorne Street, San Francisco, California 94107
Our website uses Google Analytics and may use similar services to collect third party cookies that generated information about visitors' use of our website. This information is later used to evaluate your use of our website.
How to manage cookies on website https://www.trifft.io/
You can set your browser not to accept cookies. To do so, please refer to the support area on your browser for detailed instructions. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The TRIFFT ME s. r. o. website may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
TRIFFT ME s. r. o. keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 15 December 2022.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about TRIFFT ME's privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: hello@trifft.io
Or write to us at: TRIFFT ME s.r.o., Jozefská 17, 811 06 Bratislava, Slovakia
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that TRIFFT ME s. r. o. has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner's Office.
Website: https://dataprotection.gov.sk
Address: Úrad na ochranu osobných údajov
Slovenskej republiky
Hraničná 12
820 07 Bratislava 27
Slovenská republika
How to exercise your rights
The data subject may exercise his / her rights against TRIFFT by sending a written request to our correspondence address: TRIFFT ME s.r.o., Jozefská 17, 811 06 Bratislava, Slovakia or by sending an e-mail message to support@trifft.io.