1. PillAlert user account
You can use PillAlert with or without registering a user account (“Account”). If you do not register an Account, you will not need to enter personal data and, accordingly, we will not process any of your personal data. Any data you enter into PillAlert will be anonymous data.
However, without an Account you can use PillAlert on one smartphone only and if you lose your smartphone, you will not be able to restore this data.
To register an Account, you must enter your email address and a password. The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent (Article 6 para. 1a) and Article 9 para. 2a) GDPR).
2. PillAlert’s Basic Functionality
Using the basic functionality of PillAlert as set out in more detail below (“Basic Functionality”) requires the processing of your health data. The legal basis for processing your personal data for the Basic Functionality is your consent (Article 6 para. 1a) and Article 9 para. 2a) GDPR). You will not be able to use PillAlert anymore if you withdraw this consent.
a) Basic Functionality: Running PillAlert
When using PillAlert, your smartphone automatically transmits date and time of access, operating system, type of smartphone, quantity of data transmitted and IP address to us. Processing this data is a technical requirement for using PillAlert.
b) Basic Functionality: Supporting your treatment
You can use PillAlert to manage and document your treatment by entering e.g.:
• Treatment schedules for medication
• Medication supply for refill reminders
• Measurements like blood pressure
• Well-being or symptoms
• Your moods and others
c) Basic Functionality: Selecting your medication
You can add medications to your treatment using a medication database. PillAlert preselects the database using the region or language settings of your smartphone. If this fails, we use your IP address to determine your country.
You can connect your Account with other users so that they can view your health data, by generating
and sharing a code with them. You can cancel this connection at any time.
3. Analytics
We analyze your app usage behavior and your data to improve PillAlert. You can deactivate this in the PillAlert settings.
The legal basis is Article 6 para. 1f) GDPR, legitimate interest in providing and improving PillAlert.
a) General analytics of app usage
When you use PillAlert we collect your app usage data e.g., which functionality is used, what it is used for and when it is used. Except the IP address, we analyze this usage data statistically to improve PillAlert.
b) Surveys and Questionnaires
c) Other tools
Crashlytics, Inc. creates crash reports containing the part of the software that may have caused the crash, and your smartphone model.
4. Analytics using Google Analytics for Mobile Apps and for Firebase
With Google Analytics (Google LLC) we collect PillAlert usage data, e.g. time and duration of app use. The collected information is stored on a Google server in the United States. The “IP anonymize” function is activated for PillAlert. This means that your IP address will, within Member States of the European Union or other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area, first be shortened by Google. Only in exceptional cases does Google transfer the full IP address to a Google server in the United States and shortens it there. Google does not combine the IP address transferred by your smartphone with other data. For further information please refer to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. The legal basis for processing your personal data for this purpose is your consent (Article 6 para. 1a) GDPR).
5. Data storage
a) Duration of data storage
We keep your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which your personal data is processed. If you delete your Account, we delete any personal data contained in the Account. We also delete any personal data contained in the Account if you have not logged in for 3 years. This cannot be reversed.
b) Location of data storage
When your smartphone connects to the Internet, PillAlert transmits your data using data encryption to a centralized database located in the European Union provided by the technical service provider Amazon Web Services, Inc. The technical service provider may access the data for the maintenance, operation or administration of the technical infrastructure.
6. Non-EU service providers
We may rely on third-party service providers from outside the European Union, but we take all steps to ensure that your data is adequately protected according to the requirements of the data protection laws of the European Union by means of Standard Data Protection Clauses approved by the EU Commission. You can request a copy of the Standard Data Protection Clauses that implements the appropriate protection of your personal data.
7. Data protection rights
You have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning you or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. We do not process your personal data for automated decision-making. You are free to withdraw any consent you have given at any time.If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights, please contact us e.g. at contact@pillsalert.com.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
8. Amendments
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. You can find the latest version on our website https://pillsalert.com/.
This Privacy Policy was last changed on 20.10.2022