GDPR
Privacy policy for bsport's business partners
Privacy policy for bsport's clients
Cookie settings
Cookie policy
European Supervisory Authorities
Technical and operational security measures
External Service Providers
The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect on 25 May 2018 and has had an impact on the way companies collect and store personal data. bsport welcomes this opportunity and is committed to protecting the personal data that is used in our databases and in the products you benefit from. bsport ensures that we, our customers and our suppliers meet our obligations with regard to this data.
The GDPR is a new privacy law that unifies and modernises the data protection requirements of all EU countries and is designed to improve the way organisations handle personal data. It is a law to protect the rights of individuals within the EU.
Although there are many new requirements and some are being strengthened, the basic principles remain unchanged. New rules have considerably broadened the definition of personal data and the scope to involve all businesses, even those based outside the European Union, when collecting personal information about individuals living in Europe. Our position, obligations and responsibilities towards you are listed in the privacy and data protection notices available on this site.
If you are a customer and have not already received them, we will soon be sending you our new data processing conditions to ensure that we and our customers meet our respective obligations under the GDPR. Please review them and return them to us as soon as possible.
If you are a partner, you will soon receive our updated Privacy Notice. Please read it carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
We have a team of specialists working across Europe with key business functions to ensure that GDPR compliance is underway. We manage and protect your data effectively and work towards an ambitious privacy strategy from the design stage. The main areas we are working on are as follows:
Update data processing agreements with suppliers and ensure that subcontractors are in line with our privacy policies.
Formally document the privacy practices we have put in place to comply with enhanced documentation requirements.
Updating and distribution of conditions and contracts with our clients.
Improve processes, services and products with privacy enhancement initiatives to help us meet our obligations.
This document provides information on GDPR and how it affects customers, prospects, partners and all topics in our field of activity. However, if you have more specific questions not covered here, please contact
support+rgpd@bsport.io
Privacy policy for bsport's business partners
Privacy policy for bsport's clients
Cookie settings
Cookie policy
Technical and operational security measures
External Service Providers
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bright-shovel-41b.notion.site/Privacy-policy-for-bsport-s-business-partners-cd01a04064e04e2389133e584aa4d819?pvs=24:

Sub-policy 1
https://bright-shovel-41b.notion.site/Privacy-policy-for-bsport-s-clients-1f7ed084b1004b5396771d4149f87fc2?pvs=24:
