PRIVACY POLICY
(Updated on 26th April 2022 )
Terabite GAMES.
and it’s websites, games and other applications (“we,”, “our”or “us”) believe that your
            privacy
            is really important. This Policy describes the personally identifiable information and other data that we
            will
            collect from you through the apps and games we provide, and how we will use and when we might display such
            data
            to third parties.
Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us
            establish your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and
            non-personal)
            as described in this policy. Please don’t use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
1. Personal information
The information which identifies you personally and/or can be used to contact you online or offline, such as
            your full name”, “physical address”, “email address”, “telephone number”, “photograph”, precise geo-location
            information”, credit card information and some of apps you may require to share your username.
2.Non-Personal Information
The information which does not identifies you and can not be used to contact you personally. It includes
            “your date of birth”, “age”, “ZIP code”, “your city”, “gender” as well as the information about your
            computer and mobile device such as unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent
            identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. It also includes “usage data” which identifies the
            browser you use, identity of other apps on device, game process, play time, score and achievements, and URLs
            you visited and/or apps you used before after using our Apps.
How We Collect Information
If you sign up our services, open an account or in any other-way you require to submit information’s we may
            collect personal and non-personal informations. If you connect you social media account or any other
            third-party network such as Facebook or Game center, we may collect information’s like username,
            photographs, date of birth. If you choose to make a purchase through our Websites/Apps, we will collect your
            credit card information and other billing information. If you choose to send a message to another user or
            defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game function, we may collect any
            Personal Information you may disclose through such means, as well as the necessary Personal Information of
            the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication (Note: we will never collect any
            information sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including through emails or text
            messages). If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal
            Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device. We may collect precise
            geolocation information provided that, prior to doing so initially, you will either be informed of this
            practice or be prompted to allow or block this feature. In the event you proceed with acquiring the
            Website/App or choose to allow this feature, you will be able to block it at any time thereafter by taking
            the appropriate steps in the Settings tab. Some of our Websites/Apps may read your device to determine what
            other apps have been installed and Non-Personal Information, such as your city and gender, may be inferred
            based on the identity of those apps. If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for any other
            reason in any other form, we will collect such Personal Information and use it for the purposes for which
            you submitted it. We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting
            our Website; we only collect it if you choose to submit it to us. We do, however, collect Non-Personal
            Information such as device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent identifiers, as well as Usage Data,
            whenever you use our Website/Apps. Such Non-Personal Information is not combined with Personal Information
            unless you choose to submit Personal Information to us
Cookies
certain third-party advertisers may also make use of cookies in their ads served within our Websites/Apps.
            Such cookies will collect anonymous behavioral data which those advertisers may use to serve you targeted
            ads both within and outside of our Websites/Apps. You can opt out of that practice by certain participating
            companies by visiting
www.aboutads.info/choices
and following the steps described therein.
Use of Personal & Non-Personal Information
We will use your Personal Information to: •provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have
            requested; •respond to any inquiries you have made through our customer service features; •contact you to
            promote our Websites/Apps, contests and any specials we may offer; •send you newsletters, promotions or
            marketing materials. We will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the
            future. You may also opt out of receiving such materials at any time in accordance with the instructions
            provided in this Privacy Policy; •contact you in relation to contest registration and prize acceptance;
            •contact you in the scope of talent recruitment. Non-Personal Information may be used by us for
            administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use
            your Non-Personal Information to: •track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your
            gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can personalize your experience,
            provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your
            gaming experience; •personalize your content and offers; •compile statistics; •respond to customer service
            inquiries; •protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons; •provide you
            advertising that better suits your interests, and profile and is age/gender–appropriate and targeted to your
            general location; •determine the jurisdiction in which you are located so we can determine what set of laws
            apply to you; •send you push notifications (if you choose to allow that function). We can also send links
            for other apps that we own.
Disclosure of the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information That We Collect
•We will not sell, rent or transfer your Personal Information to third parties without your prior consent.
            •We may share non-precise geolocation information or precise geolocation information (if you choose to allow
            us to collect it) with advertisers to allow them to display more relevant and geographically appropriate
            advertisements to you. •We may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information, such as device IDs,
            advertising IDs or other persistent identifiers and non-precise geolocation information with our advertising
            partners. Those partners may use your Non-Personal Information to serve you tailored advertisements outside
            of our Websites/Apps: please note that this sharing is limited to anonymous, aggregated Non-Personal
            Information only and we will not share your Personal Information with advertisers without your prior
            consent. •Our Websites/Apps offer social sharing features such as “Share” or “Like” on Facebook or other
            third-party social networking sites. If you decide to use such features, it may allow the sharing and
            collection of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information both to and from such third-party social
            networks. You should visit the policies of such third parties for more information about their information
            collection practices. •We will not store your credit card information. In order to process credit card
            payments, we will use the service of a secure third-party credit card processor. •We use the services of
            third parties who will have limited access to your Personal Information to be used for specific purposes.
            These purposes may include credit card processing, prize delivery, marketing assistance, customer service,
            and data analysis. The third parties we contract with for these purposes will be authorized to use your
            Personal Information only for the purposes for which the party was engaged. In addition, Non-Personal
            Information and Usage Data in aggregated, anonymous form may be shared with third parties who assist us with
            our operations such as administration, analytics, research, optimization, and advertising. •We may disclose
            your Personal Information or other information collected if required by law or court order, if the
            information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, to investigate and/or take action against
            illegal activity, suspected abuse or unauthorized use of the Websites/Apps, or to protect the property or
            safety of others. •In connection with any sale of our company or any line of business (including the assets
            relating thereto), customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, and such
            customer information (including your Personal Information) will be transferred or sold to the acquirer in
            the event of any such sale or disposition of any or all of our business. ADVERTISING: Ads appearing on our
            services (Games/Apps or Website) may be delivered to Users by advertising partners (Third party), who may
            set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your Device each time they send you an online
            advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your Device.
            This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they
            believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any
            advertisers. We are currently availing below mentioned ads services. You may visit their privacy pages to
            learn more.
Unity Privacy
StartaApp Privacy
Applovin Privacy
Fyber/Heyzap Privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Our Policy about Children:
We take special precautions respecting users children’s. If a user chooses to register, they can input a date
            of birth, username and email address to set up an account. The user’s account is limited to participating in
            those aspects of the Services that are deemed to be appropriate for users; features of our Services that may
            involve the possibility of posting personal information, such as comments, are automatically disabled.
            Immediately upon registration, the user’s email address is turned into an encrypted format, a “one way
            hash”, which we can’t read and which is used to authenticate the user login process. We do not permanently
            store the email addresses of users in a recoverable format because we do not retain the email addresses of
            users in a usable form after initial registration. We have no means of initiating contact with such users by
            email after registration. The user name of registered users is not used as a means to contact such users. We
            do not collect more personal data than is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user.
            To provide parental notice or to obtain parental consent, nor do we distribute to third-party any personal
            information collected from children without parental consent. Parents are invited to review their children’s
            information by contacting us.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you
            opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing
            business relations. You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us via the settings on your
            device.
Consent to Public Display of Data Upon Your Acceptance
We may publicly display your data when you participate in-game related activities for the purposes of user
            identification. If you use Third Party Social Networks to participate in-game related activities, including
            but not limited to participation in leader boards, multi-player games or the downloading and uploading of
            content, Terabite GAMES. and its affiliates may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display
            statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and achievements), or identify content that
            is created and shared by you with other players. Data that personally identifies you is collected, used,
            stored and transmitted in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
MCR DATA Deletion
In case you want to request data deletion, please request on the following email.
Email : mcr.fierytoddlers@gmail.com
Mr. President Account Deletion
In case you want to request for account deletion, please request on the following email.
Email : tera.bitegames.official@gmail.com
All of your collected data will be deleted. You can again login using the same credentials, but since the data was deleted you will login as new user and won’t be able to access old data.
More
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the
            bottom of the privacy statement. We will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this Privacy Policy
            that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this Privacy
            Policy at the time of collection. Acceptance of the terms: By using Terabite GAMES.games and Apps, you
            agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy. Please do not use our
            games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed
            your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
            Terabite GAMES.reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it
            frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy
            Policy.
Service Providers
We are not Service providers or Tech Providers nor using any Service Provider or Tech Providers in connection with our use of Platform or Processing of Platform Data.
Data Security:
We always have in effect and maintain administrative technical safeguards meeting industry standards, comply with applicable law & regulations, including data security & privacy law, rules & regulations.
Our safeguards are designed to prevent any unauthorised (including in violation of Terms or any other applicable terms or policies) Processing (including, for the avoidance of doubt, access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, distribution, or compromise) of Platform Data.
We have a publicly available way for people to report security vulnerabilities and request us to remove their stored data.
We do not solicit, collect, store, cache, proxy, or use Facebook or Instagram login credentials of other Users.
We do not transfer or share user IDs or our access token and secret key.
Incident Reporting:
We have a publicly available way for people to report security vulnerabilities and request us to remove their stored data.
Any unauthorised (including in violation of these Terms or any other applicable terms or policies) Processing (including, for the avoidance of doubt, access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, distribution or compromise) of Platform Data; or
2. Any incidents that are reasonably likely to compromise the security, confidentiality, or integrity of our IT Systems or our Service Provider’s or Sub-Service Provider’s IT Systems.
We immediately begin remediation of the incident and reasonably cooperate with FaceBook, Unity, Google, Apple, including by informing them in reasonable detail of the impact of the incident upon Platform Data and corrective actions being taken, and keeping them updated about our compliance with any notification or other requirements under applicable laws and regulations.
Bright Data (Only Applicable for iOS Games)
In return for some premium features, including playing our games with advertising disabled, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network. By doing so you agree to have read and accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA:
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-eula
You may opt out of the Bright Data network by clicking the Web Indexing toggle to OFF in the game’s Options menu.
Frequently Asked Questions:
You will get free feature in exchange for safely using some of your device’s resources, and only in a manner that will not substantially affect the device's operation. You may turn this off from the
settings menu. Please see the SDK Privacy Policy at
https://bright-sdk.com/privacy-policy
for further information
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bright-sdk.com/privacy-policy:
Bright SDK Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Hi there! If you are here, you probably wanted to learn about Bright Data’s privacy policy concerning the SDK that you agreed to activate as part of the application you are using. FYI, full information regarding Bright SDK is on
https://bright-sdk.com
. Specifically, Frequently asked questions for users are on
https://bright-sdk.com/users
A link to this page appears on:
The consent screen asking you if you want to opt-in to Bright Data’s network
The application developer’s own terms of use and privacy policy
On our own website
This page has two parts:
An overview of the privacy policy, written in simple English
The official, legal privacy policy
The overview is provided for information purposes only, for your convenience. The overview is a summary of the main points in the policy, but is not an exhaustive legal document. We encourage you to read the entire policy to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. In case of any conflicts between these two parts, the official legal privacy policy takes precedence.
1. Bright SDK privacy in simple terms
Let’s be very clear: We don’t know any personal information about you, who you are, or what you do online.
We don’t know your name, your email, what web pages you visit, or what apps you use.
We don’t read identifiers that already exist on your device (for example: Apple’s IDFA)
We don’t leave any cookies or other identifiers on your device.
We don’t know or track what you do on a specific app, or across several apps.
Since we don’t have any data about you, we of course have nothing to share with 3rd parties.
In other words, to us all Bright SDK users are anonymous and indistinguishable. We just don’t need to know any of your personal information, and we don’t track you in any way.
There is one thing we know, and that is your IP address. We respect all applicable data privacy  regulations when it comes to it.
BTW, you know who else knows your IP address?
Any website you visit, and any app you use – they all know your IP address too.
Don’t believe it? Try googling “
what is my IP address
” for example, or check your Internet speed on
www.speedtest.net
or check your location on
iplocation.net
. Can you see your IP address come up on screen?
Even though we know your IP, we do not use it for Bright Data’s ongoing business operations. In fact, the reason we collect it is to comply with GDPR (e.g. record the fact you gave your consent) and to comply with other legal requirements.
To summarize – search engines, social networks and advertising networks all need some sort of information about you in order to decide which ads to display to you.
Bright SDK is totally different. It does not display ads, does not collect any of your personal information, and does not track you in any way.
We hope this helps clarify what we know about you. Now, feel free to read the full policy:
2. Our official privacy policy
Bright Data Ltd.(“Bright Data “, “we,” or “us”) is the owner of the website brightdata.com (“the Site”), the Bright Data software (“the Software”), the Bright SDK (“the SDK”) and the Bright Data services (as detailed below), any accompanying services, features, content, and applications offered by us (collectively referred herein as “the Services”). We are concerned about your privacy and have designed this Privacy Policy in order to help you decide whether to use the Services. This Privacy Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (“you” or “user”) and us. By accessing and using the Services, or providing information to us in other formats, you agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time and consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and any subsequent changes made to it. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THE SERVICES IMMEDIATELY AND UNINSTALL WHERE RELEVANT.
IN ADDITION TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE REVIEW OUR
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED OF BY US FROM TIME TO TIME.
The Services
Bright Data provides proxy services and data collector products and services. Bright Data gives its customers the ability to route traffic through its peers’ available resources. Bright Data treats certain devices of peers as nodes in the Bright Data network used to operate the Services. Peers agree to share their available resources and become part of the Bright Data network in return for free features, ads free app, etc.
What types of information do we collect?
We collect the following types of data from you when you use the Services:
Non-Personal Information: This information cannot be used to identify the user from which that data was collected. Such Non-Personal Information include aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, such as your approximate geo-location, hardware specifications, OS and SDK version, browser type and version, the date of the Software installation, your URL requests, and respective time stamps.
Personal Information: Personal Information is information that identifies or may identify you. The only Personal Information we may collect and retain is your IP address, which is necessary in order to provide our Service. Any Non-Personal Information that is specifically connected or linked to any Personal Information, is treated by us as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Legal basis for processing
Processing of Personal Information is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations towards you and providing you with our services, to protect our legitimate interests and to comply with our legal obligations.
How we use the information we collect
We may use the information for the following:
To provide our Services, including audits and calculations of fees;
To detect and prevent illegal activity, activity that violates our terms of use, or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Service;
To perform analysis and research to improve the Service;
Information we share
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, subcontractors, or such other trusted third party service providers or partners, who are located in different jurisdictions across the world, for the purpose of: (a) storing or processing such information on our behalf (e.g. on cloud computing services) or to assist us with our business operations, to authenticate your access and to provide and improve our Service; (b) performing research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes.
The above shall be deemed as the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months for the purpose of the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”).
We may also share your Personal Information and other information in special cases if we have good reason to believe that it is necessary to: (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, violation of our policies or technical issues; (3) enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy or any other agreements between you and us, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, its partners, its affiliates, users, or the public.
We have not sold (as this term is defined under the CCPA) Your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
Security and Confidentiality
We use industry-standard security tools and measures, as well as internal procedures and strict guidelines to prevent information misuse and data leakage. Our employees and contractors access the information on a need-to-know basis and subject to confidentiality obligations.
We use measures and procedures that substantially reduce the risks of data misuse, but we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately. We will use all measures to investigate the incident, including preventive measures, as required.
Since we operate globally, it may be required to transfer your Personal Information to other countries worldwide. In these instances, we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your Personal Information through adequate legal mechanisms, in accordance with the GDPR.
Your Choices and Retention
We value your privacy and your control of personal information. You may therefore notify us that you wish to review your Personal Information or delete it. You can notify us by sending an email to privacy@bright-sdk.com. You may choose at any time not to allow us or any third party to collect data about you. You may request to view or edit Personal Information that is stored about you.
For EU residents
: Please note that the following rights specifically apply regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed, and access your stored Personal Information, together with supplementary information; (2) Receive a copy of Personal Information you directly volunteer to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; (3) Request rectification of your Personal Information that is in our control; (4) Request erasure of your Personal Information; (5) Object to the processing of Personal Information by us; (6) Request to restrict processing of your Personal Information by us; (7) Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and may be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements.
As of January 1st 2020, California residents are granted with the right not to be discriminated against for having exercised their rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
If you are a resident of California, United States, you have the right to send us a written request regarding a list of Personal Information categories that we may have disclosed to third parties or to which we may have given to third parties, and the details of such third parties. To exercise such right, you may contact us at: privacy@bright-sdk.com.
We will retain your Personal Information for the duration required to provide our App, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing Personal Information, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
Change of Ownership
In the event of a change of ownership or control of all or a part of Bright Data, including without limitation through acquisition, merger, or sale, we reserve the right to transfer all or part of the Personal Information we store in our systems.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Policy may be revised from time to time at our sole discretion, so please check it regularly. The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Updated” heading. Any change of this policy will be posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Services following any such changes will be considered as you consent to the amended Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you feel that your privacy was not treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if you believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person in the course of using the Services, please contact Bright Data at: privacy@bright-sdk.com and we will promptly investigate.
Copyright (c) 2023 Bright Data.
We value your privacy
We recommend you accept all cookies for the optimal experience when using our wesbite.
Accept all
Analytics only
Cookies settings