ALPHA E-COMMERCE PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information is being used online. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you will be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, delivery address, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site.
We also collect your emails when you subscribe to our newsletter.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect our information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping bag. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping bag.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
Which cookies are used by SQUATWOLF ?
Most of the cookies used by us are automatically deleted from your hard disk at the end of the browser session (hence the term “session cookies”). Session cookies are needed, for example, to make the shopping-basket function available to you over several pages. In addition to these we also make use of cookies that remain on your hard disk. On a subsequent visit it is then automatically recognized that you have previously visited us, and we know which input and settings you prefer. These temporary or even permanent cookies (lifespan of 1 month to 10 years) are stored on your hard disk and are automatically deleted after the pre-specified period. These cookies in particular serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. Thanks to these files it is possible, for example, we use cookies in popups to make sure we only display cookies to new users and users returning after a specific time period.
Re-Targeting
Our website make use of so-called re-targeting technologies. We use these technologies to make the Internet offer more interesting for you. This technique allows Internet users who have already shown an interest in our shop and our products to also be provided with suitable advertising on the websites of our partners. We are convinced that the use of personalized, interest-oriented advertising is generally more interesting for the Internet users than advertising that has no such personal content. The use of this advertising approach by our partners is undertaken on the basis of a cookie technology and an analysis of previous utilization behaviour. This form of advertising is completely pseudonymous.On using our sites cookies are deployed and thereby usage data is collected from you, stored and utilized. Your data is furthermore stored in cookies beyond the end of the browser session so that it can, for example, be called up again on your next visits to the websites.
Web Analysis
In order to constantly improve and optimize our offer, we make use of so-called tracking technologies. For this purpose we enlist the services of Google Analytics, Hotjar, Tawk and CrazyEgg.
Google Analytics
This website makes use of Google (Universal) Analytics, a web-analysis service from Google Inc. (www.google.com). Google (Universal) Analytics deploys methods that make it possible to analyse the use made of the website by you, e.g. the so-called “cookies”, which are text files that are stored on your computer. The information generated on your use of this website is transmitted, as a rule, to a Google server in the USA and stored there. By activating the IP-anonymize function on this website the IP address is shortened, within the member countries of the European Union or in other contracting states that were party to the agreement on the European Economic Area, before further transfer. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The anonymized IP address transferred by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not brought together with other Google data.
You can prevent the acquisition of the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) by Google, as well as its processing by Google, in that you download and install the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
As an alternative to the browser plug-in you can click this link in order to prevent the recording by Google Analytics on this website in the future. In this case an opt-out cookie will be placed in your terminal device. If you delete your cookies you must then click the link again.
More On Cookies
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network
Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt out Browser add on.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Safer Data Transfer
Your personal data is securely transferred by us with the help of coding. This naturally also applies to your orders, as well as to the customer login. Here we make use of the coding system TLS (Transport Layer Security) or SSL (Secure Socket Layer).
With the help of both technical and organizational measures, moreover, we secure our websites and other systems against loss, destruction, access, alteration and distribution of your data by unauthorized persons.
Newsletter
For sending the Newsletter we make use of the e-mail address given by you and for this we need your confirmation that, as the owner of the e-mail address, you consent to its receipt .
Should you later decide that you no longer want to receive a newsletter from us, you can object to this at any time without thereby incurring any other costs than the transmission costs in keeping with the basic tariffs. Notification in text form sent by one of the contact options given under point 1 (e.g. e-mail, fax, letter) is sufficient for this purpose. There is, of course, also a cancellation link in every newsletter.
Product Recommendations by E-Mail
If you have made a purchase at Squat Wolf, you will then receive regular product recommendations from us by mail. These product recommendations are sent to you by us whether or not you have subscribed to a newsletter. In this way we want to inform you about products offered by us that, on the basis of your last purchases, might well interest you.If you decide that you no longer want to receive product recommendations from us, or no advertising news at all, you can object to this at any time without thereby incurring any other costs than the transmission costs in keeping with the basic tariffs. Notification in text form sent by one of the contact options given under point 1 (e.g. e-mail, fax, letter) is sufficient for this purpose. There is, of course, also a cancellation link available with every e-mail.
Banner Ads
We also use the data collected during your visit to show you so-called banner ads. These are advertisements which we also use on third sites. It usually involves the use of so-called cookies or pixels. Our aim here is to make the advertising offers more useful and more interesting for you, which is why you will see, in the context of the banner ads, mainly products that you have either already looked at on our site or products that are similar to those already looked at by you (so-called re-targeting). Within the framework of the banner ads we work solely with pseudonymous data; clear-text information relating to your person (e.g. your name or your e-mail address) is not used in the cookies.
MISCELLANEOUS
All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore the Customers’ are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
Some of the advertisements you see on the Site are selected and delivered by third parties, such as ad networks, advertising agencies, advertisers, and audience segment providers. These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities, either on the Site or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. Please remember that we do not have access to, or control over, the information these third parties may collect. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this privacy policy.
Place of Business: Asala Al Khaleej Office, Unit 2201-2207, Office 31, Concord Tower, Dubai Media City, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.squatwolf.com
Fujairah Creative Tower, P.O Box 4422
Fujairah, Fujairah, UAE
support@squatwolf.com