Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
30 Jan. 2023
This service is provided by CGGaming ("us", "we", or "our")
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this service.
This service include:
-https://cggames.fun
-https://cggaming.fun
-Apps from https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=8207749184308131127
-Apps from https://apps.apple.com/sa/developer/gheorghe-bilt/id1528045899
If you choose to use This service, you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
For a better experience, while using This service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
The service does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Yodo1
Google Play Services
Apple Store
AdMob
Unity
Firebase
Facebook
Applovin
Vungle
TikTok
TapJoy
InMobi
AppsFlyer
Your continued use of This service will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy policy.
Cookies Data
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our services and we may hold certain information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we may use:
-Session Cookies: we use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
-Preference Cookies: we use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
-Security Cookies: we use Security Cookies for security purposes.
-Advertising Cookies: wdvertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Children’s Privacy
You need to be over a certain age to use our Service. The minimum age varies depending on your country of origin. For information about the minimum age in your country, see below.

We do not to our knowledge collect information, or ask for personal information, or serve personalized ads to any person under the minimum age requirements below. If you think that we might have information about a user younger than the minimum age requirements, please contact us.
Minimum age:
14 years : Austria, Spain, Lithuania, Italy, Republic of Cyprus
15 years : France
16 years : Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland
13 years : All other countries (excluding South Korea)
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at cggaming112@gmail.com.