Privacy Policy
Below you will find all you need to know about how FLYEfit collects, uses and protects your personal data.
We take the protection of your data very seriously. We want you to feel confident that we are keeping your data secure, and that we handle and process it in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
In our Data Protection Policy, we explain what personal data we collect, how we collect it, what we use your data for and how we safeguard it.
My Data
What data do you collect?
We want to give our members the best possible experience. To do so, we need to collect personal data from you for certain processes such as providing a service and when you enquire about our services.
The data we collect may include:
Personal information such as name, address, date of birth and other contact details.
If you are a buying our products or services, we will collect your credit or debit card information and/or your bank account number and sort code.
Any feedback you’ve given us through our website or apps including member support. This may be used for training and operational compliance.
As you use MYFLYE, you will need to share certain personal information with us, such as your name, phone number and email address, and to create a unique password for your account.
When you visit our websites or use our apps we collect device information such as the IP address of your device, your device model and its settings and network information.
Cookies on the FLYEfit and MYFLYE websites that help us provide you a tailored experience. Please refer to the cookies section within this Privacy Policy for more information on what cookies we use and how we use them.
When you provide us with information about how you use FLYEfit content/products or services in competitions, market research or consumer forums.
Your marketing preferences that you provide when you sign up for our products and services.
The type of products and services you have including your contract type and all information to do with your payments.
CCTV data when you visit our gyms.
How do you use the data you collect?
Primarily we use the data we collect to ensure we are providing you with highly relevant content, products and services that meet your specific needs, and to deliver more efficient account management.
Here are some other ways in which we use this data:
To help us refine our products and services.
To make sure we are only sending you communications about products and services that you’ve shown an interest in.
To ensure you enjoy a good end-to-end member experience with us, from managing orders to sending invoices and answering your queries.
To keep you updated on any changes to your services, and to advise you on how you can get the best out of our services and products.
To enhance our member support by analysing your interactions with us.
We will process your data to help us present appropriate offers to you in the form of relevant personalised communications based on your interests and characteristics.
To ensure our service is secure and to detect or prevent fraud or crime.
So that we can investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and violations of our Terms of Service and/or applicable law.
To meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
In many cases, we aggregate and/or anonymise your personal information so that it no longer identifies you.
We use this data so that we can better understand our members and how they use our services so that we can improve our services to provide a better member experience or to create new services.
How long do you keep my personal data?
This depends on the type of data and how we use it. When we make a decision on what data to keep, we consider the information we need to best provide you with our products and services, to help us manage your relationship with us, and to make sure we can meet certain statutory obligations.
Ways we collect data
We typically ask you for personal details when you sign up for our services through our website, in our gyms, in person, register for any of our apps, or visit our websites.
How do you secure my data?
At FLYEfit, securing your personal data is extremely important to us, which is why we take appropriate measures to protect your data. We use a range of security technologies and processes, and actively monitor emerging cyber threats on a 24 x 7 basis.
Controlling my data
How can I take control of my personal data?
The good news is you have ultimate control over your personal data. If you don’t want us to send you relevant offers or marketing information, you can opt in or out at any time via MYFLYE.
Here are the quick and simple ways you can opt out:
Log in to your MYFLYE and select the Member Details tab. You can use the opt in / out option here.
You can also opt out using the link or text option at the bottom of any marketing e-mail or text you receive from us.
What communications will we always send you?
We make it easy for you to opt-out of marketing information and offers. However, we want to make sure you are kept up to date on all information relevant to your account. That’s why you cannot opt out of receiving messages related to billing, usage or general service messages.
How can I access my data?
If you want to get a copy of your personal data we hold, simply log on to your MYFLYE and use the link on the Member Details tab.
Any other questions?
If you would like to discuss your other GDPR rights, please contact us at
dpo@flyefit.ie
What about third parties?
Who do you share my data with and why?
There are a number of reasons why we would share your data with third parties. Be assured your data will only ever be shared with third parties that we trust explicitly. Here is a list of instances in which we share your data, and the third parties to whom we share it with.
Organisations who work on FLYEfit’s behalf to provide you with products and services, for example, billing.
If you have opted in for marketing or have requested to be marketed by third parties under our service.
If we feel your personal safety is at risk.
If we are required by any relevant public authority or law enforcement agency.
If there is a change of ultimate ownership of FLYEfit Limited. In this case, we would require the new owners to keep your data confidential.
If we suspect that you have given us false information and we have reasonable grounds to do a further investigation.
Where a third party is processing your data on behalf of FLYEfit and is required to disclose it by law.
Where a member has made a complaint and we need to investigate it.
We may need to transfer your data outside the EEA when we require a Third Party to work on behalf of FLYEfit to provide you with a service or product.
Cookies
What are cookies and how do you use them?
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer when you visit our websites. The cookies hold basic information that shows us if you have visited our site previously, and which pages you visited. This data helps us to provide you with a more personalised service, so for example, the next time you visit our site we can present you with product or service information that you’ve shown an interest in.
How do you collect data from cookies?
We collect data in a way which does not identify you. We will not associate any data gathered from our website with any personally identifying information from any other source. See below cookies which are used on each of our sites:
flyefit.ie
www.flyefit.ie
myflye.flyefit.ie
Can I enable or disable cookies?
Today most web browsers allow you some control over whether you allow cookies to be collected. You can also easily delete or clear cookies on your browser at any time. This is a handy guide
www.allaboutcookies.org
which shows you how to see what cookies have been set on your browser and how you can manage them.
Contact Us
Get in touch with our Data Protection Officer (details below) if you have any questions about your data.
Data Protection Officer
The FLYEfit Data Protection Officer (DPO) monitors our compliance with the GDPR and will handle data related queries. You can contact our DPO at
dpo@flyefit.ie
Join
Book
Menu
HELP
Login
X
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.
Read More
Manage Cookie Consent
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_GRECAPTCHA
5 months 27 days
This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement
1 year
Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_ga
2 years
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gat_UA-77034218-1
1 minute
A variation of the _gat cookie set by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to allow website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. The pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.
_gcl_au
3 months
Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_gid
1 day
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
CONSENT
2 years
YouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_fbp
3 months
This cookie is set by Facebook to display advertisements when either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising, after visiting the website.
_schn
session
Snapchat Pixel.
_scid
1 year 1 month
This cookie is set by Snapchat to store Snapchat Pixel unique ID of the User.
fr
3 months
Facebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements to users by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.
IDE
1 year 24 days
Google DoubleClick IDE cookies are used to store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile.
sc_at
1 year 24 days
The cookie is set by Snapchat to show relevant ads to the users by tracking user behaviour on Snapchat.
test_cookie
15 minutes
The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
5 months 27 days
A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.
X-AB
1 day
Cookie associated with embedding content from Snapchat.
YSC
session
YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages.
yt-remote-connected-devices
never
YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.
yt-remote-device-id
never
YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.