Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy Statement explains the personal data collected when using our applications and how they are used. We value your privacy and collect the minimum amount of information you need to provide the best service.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect, use, protect or otherwise process your personal information in accordance with our application.
1.
Collect
I
nformation
We may automatically collect and retain personal information you provide to us, such as your name, gender, etc., or when you provide us with feedback or contact us via email.
When you use the service, our service collects non-personally identifiable information from you. Like most mobile products, we use common Internet technologies such as cookies to track user interaction with services.
We may use third party services to help us collect and analyze this non-personally identifiable information as well as traffic and aggregated information. This helps us improve our services and provide certain features, such as identifying your device when you use our services.
If you absolutely allow us to license your location data, we will also collect and retain this data.
2.How to use information
We use information to provide, analyze, manage, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts. For example, we use the following information:
We may determine your general location and provide localized content;
Prevent, detect and investigate activities that may be prohibited or illegal, including fraud, and enforce our terms;
Analyze and understand our audience, improve our services (including our user interface experience) and optimize content selection
.
3.How to share your information
We do not sell, rent or otherwise provide your information to any third party for marketing purposes.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party without your permission, except for enforcement actions, subpoenas or local legal requirements, or at our discretion, when we believe in good, law enforcement agencies assist in conducting any investigation to believe that disclosure is Protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or illegal behavior or respond to government requests. In some cases, we may be required to disclose personal information and data in response to legal requirements of public agencies, including meeting national security or enforcement requirements.
We may merge with other commercial entities or be acquired by other commercial entities. We will promptly notify you of any changes to your ownership and any choices you make about your personal information.
4.Your rights
To make it easier for you to control your information, we offer you the following tools:
- Device permissions. You can change the settings on your device. Of course, some services may lose all features if you change the settings.
- Uninstall. You can uninstall the app to stop all information collection for the app.
5.How to protect your information
Your personal information is contained behind a secure network and is accessible only to a small number of people with access to such systems and requires confidential information. In addition, all sensitive credit information you provide is encrypted by technology.
When you use the application in any way, we implement various security measures to maintain the security of your personal information.
6.How to store your information
We will keep your information as long as it is needed for you. unless:
We must abide by the law;
We must ensure compliance with applicable laws (for example, agree to our terms, privacy policy);
Information must be retained to protect our legitimate business interests, such as preventing fraud and improving user security.
Keep in mind that even though our system is designed to perform the data removal process in accordance with the above guidelines, we cannot guarantee that all data will be deleted within a certain time frame due to technical limitations.
7.
P
rivacy
P
olicy
C
hanges
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do this, we will modify the update date at the bottom of this page. Users are encouraged to check this page frequently for any changes to stay informed about how we can help protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy and understand the changes on a regular basis.
8.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us by email at CarlGaby116@gmail.com.