PRIVACY POLICY FOR APPS
Innova Tap Apps Limited
commits to observe Your privacy and ensure the protection and security of Your personal data.
								We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields,
								including legal, security and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for Your privacy.
								You need to read carefully this Privacy Policy which has been written in a clear and simple way so as to enable you to understand
								it and thus decide freely and voluntarily if you wish to provide Your personal data to Innova Tap Apps Limited Corp. We have teams dedicated to keeping
								Your data safe and secure. We constantly update Our security practices and invest in Our security efforts to enhance the safety of Your information.
								This Privacy Policy applies to apps and other services operated by Innova Tap Apps Limited  For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “Services” or “Apps” in this Privacy Policy.
								When You download this Innova Tap Apps Limited, confirm and certify that You are above 14 years of age or that
								You are the holder of patria potestas or legal guardian of the user of the Innova Tap Apps Limited App. We are going to do our utmost to prevent unlawful uses.
								Therefore, We will try to verify Your identity, reserving our right to deny the use of our Services in cases where information is not truthful,
								being able to take the necessary legal actions.
1) WITH WHAT PURPOSE WILL Innova Tap Apps Limited PROCESS THE USER’S PERSONAL DATA AND FOR HOW LONG?
Your collected personal data will be processed by Innova Tap Apps Limited  in conformity with the following purposes:
1. Reception, management and giving response when you report a problem, contact or communicate with Us.
2. Maintenance, support and updating of the Services, as well as of the contents
3. Resolution of possible technical incidents or of those of any other nature that may arise in relation to the Apps or Services.
4. Draw-up of anonymous statistical reports on access habits and the activity developed by Users.
5. To use certain features in Our Services, You may allow Us to access Your camera or the microphone.
									Depending on Your device, Apple and Android systems will ask for Your permission before allowing Us to access these features.
In the event that the User provides data from third parties, he/she declares to have their consent and undertakes to transfer the information
								contained in the Privacy Policy to the interested party, the holder of said data, exempting Innova Tap Apps Limited  from any responsibility in this regard. However,
								Innova Tap Apps Limited may carry out the necessary verifications to confirm this fact, adopting the corresponding due diligence measures,
								in accordance with current legislation on data protection.
The data will be treated during the time necessary for the realization of the objectives, differentiating between the data necessary for the management
								of the contracted service and the collection of those treated for reasons of publicity or customer service, unless the User requests its cancellation to Innova Tap Apps Limited,
								opposes or revokes its consent.
2) WHAT DATA WILL WE DEAL WITH?
We will treat Your data that are necessary to give You the required service, among others:
1. Usage Information. We collect information about Your activity on Our Services,
									for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, time spent in the App, features you’ve been using, advertising that You click on).
2. Geolocation data (in some of our apps), which is any information which indicates the geographical position of Your device
									and which may include the time the location was recorded, and may include precise (e.g., GPS-level) location data.
									Some apps may collect this data when the app is not open or actively in use.
3. Information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
4. Hardware and software information such as IP address, device type, App crashes, app version, advertising IDs
									(such as Google’s Advertising ID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’s settings),
									browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely
									identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
3) WHAT DATA Innova Tap Apps Limited DOES NOT DEAL WITH?
Your security & safety comes first. That’s why in Innova Tap Apps Limited  your sensitive information is under no circumstances
								collected or stored in any way. You will always be in possession of your data regarding personal information such as email, name, etc…
Exactly, what does Innova Tap Apps Limited  not keep or archive:
1.
Name & Surname.
Your identification is private at all times, Innova Tap Apps Limited does not have access to this matter.
2.
Email.
Innova Tap Apps Limited does not receive your email. The company will only have access to this matter if there were any will on the user’s behalf to get in touch via survey or form.
3.
Phone number.
Innova Tap Apps Limited does not use this information for any of its functioning purposes thus, Innova Tap Apps Limited does not entitle the usage of phone credentials, nor its storage.
4.
Passwords of any kind.
All passwords are fully encrypted, your access credentials are under the most strict algorithm security methods.
5.
Address.
None of Innova Tap Apps Limited’s apps, ask for or collect specific address codes, what they do, if location permissions are required for function purposes,
									is track essential geolocation data anonymously for the correct running of the app.
6.
Credit card or any billing or payment details.
All sensitive data regarding payments such as; credit card and/or banking information is handled & processed
									by Google or Apple for any digital products consumed through our apps. Innova Tap Apps Limited does not have access to this information or related banking elements.
4) WHAT IS THE LEGITIMACY OF DATA PROCESSING?
The legitimacy of the data processing will be:
The execution of the Agreement for:
1. Management of the Services selected by the User
The User’s consent to:
1. The management of queries, requests of information, complaints and claims.
The legitimate interest of Innova Tap Apps Limited for:
1. The creation of anonymous statistical reports..
You may revoke Your permission for any of the treatments, although this will not affect the lawfulness of the treatments carried out previously
								To revoke this consent, the User may contact Innova Tap Apps Limited at the following e-mail address:  innovatapapps@gmail.com
5) FOR HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP USER’S DATA?
The data will be processed during the time interval necessary to accomplish the purposes they have been collected for, unless the User requests to withdraw from Innova Tap Apps Limited, opposes or revokes his consent.
The data will be processed during the time interval necessary to accomplish the purposes they have been collected for, unless the User requests to withdraw from Innova Tap Apps Limited,
								opposes or revokes his consent.
6) WHO THE DATA WILL BE SHARED WITH?
User’s data may be communicated to:
1. Entities in charge of managing the corresponding Services, as the case may be.
2. Other group companies to assist us in technical processing operations.
3. We may disclose Your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant,
									government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other
									action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; or (iii) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Our company,
									Our users, Our employees, or others.
4. Additionally, the data may be accessible by Innova Tap Apps Limited suppliers, being the said access necessary for adequate meeting of legal obligations and/or the provision
									of services for the aforementioned purposes. The said suppliers will not process your data for their own purposes that have not been previously informed by Innova Tap Apps Limited.
The recipients indicated in this section may be located within or outside the European Economic Zone; in the latter case, International data transfers are duly legitimate.
7) EXERCISE OF RIGHTS
The User may at any time and free of charge send a letter to the address indicated in the heading of this Policy or send an e-mail to the address innovatapapps@gmail.com
								with the Reference “Data Protection”, attaching a photocopy of his identity document,  to:
Revoke the granted consent
Obtain confirmation of whether at Innova Tap Apps Limited are processed personal data concerning the User or not.
Access Your personal data.
Rectify inaccurate or incomplete data.
Request deletion of Your data when, among other reasons, the data are no necessary for the purposes they were collected for.
Obtain from Innova Tap Apps Limited the limitation of data processing when any of the conditions provided in the data protection regulations is met.
Obtain human intervention, to express your point of view and to challenge the automated decisions adopted by Innova Tap Apps Limited,  in the cases foreseen in the regulations.
Rectify inaccurate or incomplete data.
Rectify inaccurate or incomplete data.
8) SECURITY MEASURES
Innova Tap Apps Limited will at all times treat the User’s data in an absolutely confidential manner and will keep the secret thereof,
								in accordance with the provisions of the applicable regulations, adopting for this purpose the necessary technical-organizational
								measures that guarantee the security of Your data and prevent their alteration, loss, unauthorized treatment or access, taking into account the state of
								the technology, the nature of the data stored and the risks to which they are exposed.
9) MINORS AND INCAPABLE PERSONS
In the case of persons under 14 years of age or incapable, the consent for the processing of personal data must be given by the father, mother or guardian of the minor or incapable person.