Real GameX PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Hello! Welcome to the Real GameX Privacy Policy. This policy describes how Real GameX and, its other
                group companies (collectively described as “Real GameX”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third party
                marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising
                activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this
                Privacy Policy we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services
                collectively as our "Services". By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with
                our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance
                with this Privacy Policy. , including consenting to Real GameX’s and our advertising partners’ use of
                your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of
                this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the
                use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing
                information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or
                other Services.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 08.10.2022.
Playing our games
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other Services, you consent to the
                collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device,
                such as device information, country and region, and game play information. We use this data to provide
                our games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimization, preventing fraud, customizing
                in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this
                Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes.
Data deletion requests
To delete user data collected by the game, please reach out to “gamedelux2022@gmail.com”. When we
                received your mail,we will process your request in 3-7 working days.
Marketing
Unless you opt out as explained below, we and our third party partners use information
                collected about you to send you marketing communications about other Real GameX’s games
                and related Services based on your interests. For example, we may send emails, serve ads
                within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and Internet-connected
                devices.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting
                this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services,
                and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section, you
                consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to
                improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant
                third party ads in our games.
AD identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers,
                cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies
                and how you can manage your preferences.
Your Rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle
                it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods
                set out in the Contact Us section below.
Children
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on
                where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We
                do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target
                interest based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below, or knowingly allow
                such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from
                or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us.
General
Our Privacy Policy contains further details about:
Who we share your information with and the reasons for sharing it;
Measures we take to keep your information secure;
The legal bases under which we process your data;
How long we retain your information and where we store it;
When and why we share your information with third parties, including transfers outside
                of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”);and
Changes or updates to our Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this
                Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several ways of
                contacting us:
Email to: gamedelux2022@gmail.com