Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
When this policy mentions “Company”, “we,” “us,” “our” or “Data Controller”, it refers to:
©
Yaroslav Babenko
, which is responsible for the processing of Users’ and/or Customers’ personal data under this Privacy Policy (hereinafter, referred to as the “Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Data Controller”).
We, being an entity located in USA, are subject to US law regarding the protection of personal data. In the same time, as a company we also comply with European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) which came into effect from 25 May 2018.
When this policy mentions “User”, “you, “your” or “Customer”, it refers to data subject in according with the GDPR definitions.
When this policy mentions “Application”, “app,” , it refers to all the apps, distributed by the Company.
Our privacy policy explains and informs you about the processing, collecting, disclosing, safeguarding and use of your personal data when using our application created by ©
Yaroslav Babenko
. It is committed to safeguard you in case when emergency, unexpected or unsafe situations occur. We aim to protect your sensitive data and handle it confidentially in compliance with applicable law.
Information That Is Being Collected by ©
Yaroslav Babenko
.
We collect, store and use your information so as to implement, develop and provide better and effective services to all our users and for the legitimate interests of us in compliance with applicable law. We only collect the minimal amount of personal data required for the processing.
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download, register and use the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you download, register with us and use the Application, you generally provide:
(a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information;
(b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us;
(c) information you provide us when you contact us for help;
(d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and;
(e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
(f) automatically collected information:
(g) location data used by GPS technology (or other similar technology)
We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Use of Information While Processing Personal Data:
The name you provide may be used for:
your identification
emergency notification to the contacts you choose (rescuers)
billing information or related service information
The email address information you provide may be used for:
your identification
subscription, marketing purposes such as sending news regarding updates of product (new products) and/or changes as well as related service information.
The address you provide may be used for:
identification of your current location
payment or billing information
marketing purposes
third parties when you link the app to other apps in case of emergency situations.
The photo you provide may be used for:
identification of your account
emergency situations or third parties such as police in case you decide to alert them if you are in an unsafe circumstance.
Credit card information is used for:
payment which is processed by a third party payment processor in the secure online card transactions
When you provide My Rescuers contact details, the information may be gathered and stored on our servers so as to effectively enable communication between you and your rescuers so they can receive alert if you face any unexpected situation.
Third parties may be used for the next purposes below:
If you sign in through social media Facebook account we may collect your personal information which is stored in your Facebook account to the extent permitted under applicable law (e.g public profile which contains profile image, friends list, display name, page and/or profile ID). This includes also personal information or contact information such as email address, birthday, phone number, place you have lived, your work and education, current location, information of your posts and activity data). All these information we may collect in according with
Facebook Data Policy
and we may use it only for improving your user’s experience regarding FeelSafe.
Sign in with your Apple ID is required due to
Apple Privacy Policy
for purchases/subscriptions within the app.
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, the date and time you used application, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, software and hardware attributes and information about the way you use the Application.
When you visit the mobile application we may use GPS technology (or other similar technologies). Your geolocation is used so as to provide features of our Service most effectively. This includes your current location which helps to determine where you are in case of emergency situation occurs and you need immediate help. It may be used also for marketing purposes such as advertisements. Your current geolocation will not be shared with other users or partners.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
How Your Personal Information May Be Shared
Your information could be shared or disclosed with third parties only in the limited circumstances mentioned below in this privacy statement or valid legal basis permitted by law.
Legal Requests:
as required by law by following applicable legal process such as to comply with governmental requests, a subpoena, or similar legal process;
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others:
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
Third Party Vendors:
we may share and disclose User provided and Automatically collected information with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Business Transfers:
if Developer Company Name is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
See more about third party vendors in our Data Transfer Policy.
Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out directly via email - at
webaapps998@gmail.com
Data Retention
We may retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application or for as long as it is necessary to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations and the purposes outlined in the policy. We may also retain information indefinitely so as to fulfill the purposes for which the information was gathered or required by law. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at
webaapps998@gmail.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 4. All the activities could be made with the parent or guardian consent only. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
webaapps998@gmail.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. When you access other websites using our links we cannot be responsible for their privacy policies and practices. In addition to this, take into account that security of your information also depends on you. The password you use to access the application is sensitive information and you are responsible for keeping it confidential. Please do not share it with third-parties.
Changes
We may reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy
from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information in according with Application Privacy Policy.
Your Rights Under GDPR
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), data protection laws give rights to individual data subject such as all data subjects residing in the European Union to any exemptions provided by the law regarding your personal data.
This includes:
The right to access, correct, update, erase (right to be forgotten) your personal information, the right to restriction of processing, the right to data portability if applicable and the right to object. In addition, if you are EU individual you may also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in particular in the Member state of his or her habitual residence.
To get more information please see GDPR Article: 15, 16, 17, 18, 20, 21, 77.
In case you are not able to access, correct, or delete your personal data or you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, please contact us via email -
webaapps998@gmail.com
Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email -
webaapps998@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 