Privacy Policy
This privacy policy informs you of your choices and our practices regarding any personal information
					you
					provide to us. Your use of the product(s), service(s) and related websites (“Service”) distributed
					by
					Pinecone Technology (“Pinecone Tech”, “we” or “us”) involves the collection and use of your personal
					information. It is important for you to understand how this happens and how you may control it.
When you contract to use the Service, you accept our rules and policies regarding your personal
					information and you expressly consent to us collecting, processing, using and storing your personal
					information, as described in this policy.
You acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this
					privacy policy, you must not use the Service. If you change your mind in the future, you may
					withdraw
					your consent to use of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
If you have any comments, questions or complaints regarding the processing of your personal
					information,
					you can contact us at info@pineconetech.net.
Updated Dec 30, 2022.
1. The Types of Information We Collect
You provide information directly to us, for example when you create an account with us. We
							also collect information about you and your actions when you use our services, whether
							through devices, computers, mobile devices, applications, software platforms, third-party
							social networks or gaming networks. When you share game content with friends or connect to
							our services, we may use online tracking such as cookies and similar technologies to collect
							information and we may collect information from third parties (such as ad networks and
							external business partners) ...
The type of information we collect depends on how you use the service and interact with us.
							If we do not need to use for the requested activity (for example, to provide a service that
							you are requesting or buying, to verify your identity, or to participate in an activity),
							you can control the personal information we collect from you. We will let you know when we
							need information.
This section describes the different types of personal information we collect and how we
						collect it. We will collect and use the following information about you:
1.1 Information You Give Us
You give us information about you:
(i) when you register for the Service using third-party social media or similar accounts
							(e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Google or Apple, collectively “Social Media Accounts”) in order to
							set up your profile (we import from your connected Social Media Accounts your personal
							information which may include your name/nickname/username as it appears on your social media
							profile, your profile picture, your friend list, and your account ID);
(ii) when you register for the Service using email addresses (including your email address
							and your name/nickname/username);
(iii) when you set up your profile for the Service (including but not limited to your
							name/nickname/username, your gender, your age, etc.) and secure your account for the Service
							(including information you provide to help secure the account, including but not limited to
							your phone number, email address, security questions, etc.);
(iv) when you submit your name, date of birth, domestic citizenship or foreign status
							information for age verification or compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
(v) when you submit your contact details to us (including your name, email address and
							physical address) as part of promotional activities for the Service;
(vi) when you use location-based functions in the Service (“Location Services”) (including
							GPS location information, Wi-Fi connection location); and
(vii) when you make purchases in the Service (in which case we will process the information
							you provide to us to facilitate the payment).
1.2 Information We Collect About You
We automatically collect certain data from you when you use the Service, including your IP
							address and device information (such as device type, network data, operating system) and
							information regarding your use of and interaction with the Service, such as date and time
							stamps of actions. We also collect and store your data each time you interact with us, for
							example, when you use in-app support to communicate with us.
1.3 Information You Generate and Display in the Course of Using the Service
You may provide additional information as part of your profile. You may also provide or
							generate information when you communicate with other users in the Service (e.g., chat log).
							You acknowledge and agree that information generated within our Service should not be
							considered private and communications within our Service may be viewed/heard by other users.
							Please avoid revealing any personally identifiable or sensitive information during such
							communications.
2. How We Use Collected Information
We will use the information in the following ways and in accordance with the following legal
							bases:
• Registration Information (such as: ID on Social Media Accounts, email address, nickname,
							avatar, username, password, phone number, security questions, date of birth and other
							information): We use Registration Information to set-up user accounts, allow users to log-in
							to the Service by using the Registration Information, maintain and secure the user accounts
							with us, and provide Service to users. We use this information with your consent to this
							Privacy Policy.
• Device Information (such as: device ID, device type, operating system, CPU, RAM, IP
							address, MAC address): We use this information to provide and improve the Service such as:
							to allow users to download and install the software on their devices; to record and keep
							track of requests from users of the Service; to detect the user network and device status
							when the user is using the Service; and to correct bugs or errors that occur when the user
							is using the Service. Use of Device Information is necessary to perform our contract with
							you to provide the Service.
• Contact Information (such as: name, email address, physical address, phone number, instant
							messaging account): We use this information to send notifications to users to inform them of
							our promotional activities and any rewards they are entitled to. We use this information
							with your consent to this Privacy Policy.
• User Profile (such as: age, gender, photo and etc.): We use this information to provide
							customized services to users such as personal information page. We use this information with
							your consent to this Privacy Policy.
• Payment Data (only the payment history and transaction data within the Service). We use
							this information to provide Service to users and to record and keep track of requests from
							users of the Service. Use of Payment Data is necessary to perform our contract with you to
							provide the Service.
• Location Data (such as: GPS location information, Wi-Fi connection location). With your
							consent, we use this information to provide Location Services to users and to record and
							keep track of requests from users of the Service. Use of Location Data is limited to the
							context of location-based services. You can disable Location Services by turning off the
							relevant switch in the settings of the Service or your device.
• We may associate all of the foregoing information with your account, the device you use to
							access the Service, or email that you use to engage with us. We use this information with
							your consent to this Privacy Policy.
• In addition to the specific uses of information described above, we may use all of the
							above information to provide, improve and develop the Service, including as we describe in
							our User Agreement, to comply with any applicable legal obligations, to enforce any
							applicable terms of service, to protect or defend the Service, our rights, the rights of our
							users, or others, for the purpose of combatting fraud, or to otherwise operate our business.
3. How We Store Your Data
We, our affiliates, and service providers may store and process the information you submit
							through our services in the United States or in any other countries where we, our
							affiliates, or service providers have facilities. Please be aware that we may transfer
							information (including your personal information) to the following countries and
							jurisdictions if you are based in the European Union or other locations where the rules
							regulating the collecting and use of data differ from those in the United States. We will
							take all reasonable and necessary means to ensure that any personal information is treated
							securely in line with this privacy policy and applicable law, in accordance with the laws
							governing your jurisdiction. Such transfers are compliant with applicable law's relevant
							guarantees. If you have any questions concerning these transfers, please contact us using
							the information provided at the bottom of this privacy statement.
We shall store personal data for individuals located in the European Union or Switzerland
							for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose for which the data was collected, unless
							otherwise required by law (see " Information You Give Us" above).
4. Data Security
We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your personal information no
							matter where it is stored. We have information security and access policies that limit
							access to our systems and technology. We deploy a firewall and other security measures (such
							as encryption) commensurate to industry standards to prevent unauthorized access to your
							personal information. Your personal information will remain subject to our technical and
							organizational controls and our policies and procedures (including this Privacy Policy).
							Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
							Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the
							security of the information transmitted to our services; any transmission of your
							information is at your own risk.
5. Data Retention
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is required to accomplish the
							purpose for which it was acquired, including any legal, accounting, or reporting
							obligations. We will consider the amount, nature, and confidentiality of personal
							information, the potential risk of damage caused by unauthorized use or disclosure of your
							personal information, and the purpose of our processing of your personal information when
							determining the appropriate retention period for personal information. And these objectives
							can be met in a variety of ways, as long as they are in compliance with applicable legal
							requirements. You have the right to request that we erase your data in certain
							circumstances. We may anonymize your personal information for research or statistical
							purposes in some situations (so that it is no longer associated with you). In this
							situation, we are free to utilize the data indefinitely. Without any prior notice.
6. Your Rights
You have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you. Some of
							these only apply in certain circumstances (as set out in more detail below). We must respond
							to a request by you to exercise those rights without undue delay and at least within one
							month (though this may be extended by a further two months in certain circumstances). To
							exercise any of your rights, please contact us at info@pineconetech.net. Please understand
							further information may be required to verify your identity when exercising your rights.
Access
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who
							we share it with. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please
							contact us and complete the corresponding request form.
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain personal information we process about you.
							This comprises any personal information we process on the basis of your consent or pursuant
							to our contract with you, as described in the section “How We Collect Information”. You have
							the right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
							format. You also have the right to request that we transfer that personal information to
							another party.
If you wish for us to transfer such personal information to a third party, please ensure you
							detail that party in your request. Note that we can only do so where it is technically
							feasible. Please note that we may not be able to provide you with personal information if
							providing it would interfere with another’s rights (e.g., where providing the personal
							information we hold about you would reveal information about another person or our trade
							secrets or intellectual property).
Correction
You have the right to correct any personal information held about you that is inaccurate. If
							you believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information is
							inaccurate, please contact us and complete the request form.
Erasure
You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information. If there is any other
							personal information you believe we process that you would like us to erase, please contact
							us and complete the request form.
You may request that we erase the personal information we hold about you in the following
							circumstances:
• you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold such personal information.
You can also exercise your right to restrict our processing of your personal information (as
							described below) whilst we consider your request.
We may need to retain personal information if there are valid grounds under data protection
							laws for us to do so (e.g., for the defence of legal claims or freedom of expression) but we
							will let you know if that is the case. Where you have requested that we erase personal
							information that has been made available publicly on the Service and there are grounds for
							erasure, we will use reasonable steps to try to tell others that are displaying the personal
							information or providing links to the personal information to erase it too.
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You have a right to require us to stop processing the personal information we hold about you
							other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances. Please note, however, that if we
							stop processing the personal information, we may use it again if there are valid grounds
							under data protection laws for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims or for
							another’s protection). As above, where we agree to stop processing the personal information,
							we will try to tell any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant personal
							information so that they can stop processing it too.
You may request we stop processing and just store the personal information we hold about you
							where:
• you believe the personal information is not accurate for the period it takes for us to
							verify whether it is accurate;
• you wish to erase the personal information as the processing we are doing is unlawful but
							you want us to retain the personal information but just store it instead; or
• you wish to erase the personal information as it is no longer necessary for our purposes
							but you require it to be stored for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Objection
You have the right to object to our processing of personal information about you. We will
							consider your request in other circumstances as detailed below by contact us and completing
							the request form.
Announcements
We may from time to time send you announcements when we consider it necessary to do so (such
							as when we temporarily suspend The Service access for maintenance, or security, privacy or
							administrative-related communications). You may not opt-out of these service-related
							announcements, which are not promotional in nature.
7. Children Policy
Pinecone Technology is committed to complying with laws protecting children. You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our                            Services, depending on where you live. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Services or knowingly a                            llow them to use our Services. If you believe that your child has submitted personal data to Pinecone Technology, please contact us at in                            fo@pineconetech.net. We will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as possible.
8. California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a
							list of third parties to whom we disclosed certain types of personal information (if any)
							for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. Depending on our judgment,
							we may reply to such requests by providing instructions on how our users can prohibit us
							from releasing personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes by using
							their capabilities. Our privacy policy's Marketing and Advertising Practices section
							contains instructions. Alternatively, if you are a California resident and would want a
							separate response, please email your request now. The browser's Do Not Track signal is not
							being recognized by our website.
9. Changes to our Privacy Policy
This policy is subject to modification at any time. We reserve the right to modify this
							privacy policy at any time and to notify you by posting the revised policy on the website.
							We may also send you an email if there are significant changes to our privacy policy. All
							past notices or statements regarding our privacy policy and the conditions regulating your
							use of these services are superseded by the terms stated in this page.
10. Contact Us
If you have any questions or wish to register a complaint in relation to this Privacy Policy
							or the manner in which your personal information is used by us, please contact us by any of
							the following means:
Pinecone Technology Address : 120 Robinson Road #13-01,Singapore 068913
Support: info@pineconetech.net