Privacy Notice
In this privacy notice we explain how we collect and use your personal data. This privacy notice applies to all personal data we process about you when you order, purchase or use our products and services, visit our websites, use our customer support or otherwise interact with Mark Roberts Motion Control.
Mark Roberts Motion Control respects privacy and acknowledges that processing personal data in a lawful and proper manner is an important social responsibility and declares that it will strive to protect personal data. This privacy notice is part of
Nikon’s Group Privacy Protection Statement
. It applies to you (hereafter “you”), as our prospective, current and former customer and/or supplier, and your usage of our products and services, our websites, or otherwise business dealings with Mark Roberts Motion Control (hereafter “MRMC”). In this privacy notice, we will explain how we process your personal data. Therefore, we encourage you to read this notice carefully.
Contents
Who we are
Personal Data – purpose, type and use
Information sharing
Security measures and data retention
Your rights
How we look after this policy
Contact details for your privacy inquiries
California Specific Addendum
1. Who we are
We are Mark Roberts Motion Control Ltd, Unit 3, South East Studios, Eastbourne Road, Blindley Heath, Surrey, RH7 6JP,
United Kingdom,
datacontroller@mrmoco.com
,
+441342838000. We are part of the Nikon Group.
If you want to exercise your rights, such as your right to access, correct, erase, restrict, object or port personal data or to withdraw your consent, or if you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, you can contact us in accordance with this privacy notice.
2. Personal Data – purpose, type, and use
Personal data we process is information that you knowingly provide to us directly or through third parties. However, in some instances, we process personal data that we are able to infer about you based on other information you provide to us or from our interactions with you, or personal data about you that we receive from a group company or a third party with your knowledge.
If you refuse to provide personal data that we require for the performance of the contract or compliance with a legal obligation, we may not be able to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us.
We process your name, contact details, date of birth, customer support data, photographic interests, financial and purchase information to provide MRMC products and services to you (e.g. MrMoco Forum, ShowBolt™ Services, MRMC Training etc). The personal data we collect and process, as well as the purpose, will depend on the MRMC products and services provided to you. The main purposes for which we process your personal data are as follows.
a. To provide our services to you and to communicate with you
To handle your orders, we must in many cases process information from you For example, we need your name and email address and bank account information as well as other identifying information to confirm your order and register the product you purchased.
We also use your contact details to answer your questions when you contact our customer service.
b. Direct marketing purposes
We use your account information and contact details to inform you about new or updated products and services that might be of interest to you. We only send you direct marketing messages with your prior opt-in or if we have collected your email-address in the course of doing business with you. You can always unsubscribe from receiving such messages by following the instructions in the relevant marketing communication, by adjusting your account preferences (if available) or by contacting our customer service.
We analyse your personal data and may include personalized offers in our direct marketing messages on the basis of our legitimate interest to provide you with relevant offers. You may object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes anytime.
We may use different communication channels to send you (personalised) advertisements and special offers, such as postal mail, or, with your consent, mobile push notifications or social media.
c. For statistical research
We use automatic tools to perform statistical research into general trends regarding the use of our services, websites, apps and social media and the behaviour and preferences of our customers and users.
The information we use for our research includes your postal code and country of residence, technical information we receive if you visit one of our websites, the information we collect through cookies, the personal preferences and interests and information you share with us online or via social media. For our research we only use aggregated data that are disconnected from your name and email address. We use the aggregated research results to detect general trends in the use of our products, services and tools. This enables us to develop better products, services, tools and offerings, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve the design and content of our websites. For more information on cookies and similar technologies, please visit the
cookie notice
on our website.
d. For record keeping and to comply with statutory obligations
We collect, store and use your data for internal business purposes, such as record keeping and to comply with our legal and fiscal obligations.
e. Specific services, apps, MRMCNikon events, contests, or campaigns
For specific services, apps, events, contests, or campaigns, we may use your personal data for purposes other than those described in this privacy notice. We will inform you about those purposes when you register for the service, event, contest, or campaign, or when you download the relevant app.
Your personal data may be used for further purposes. In such case we shall ensure that this is done in accordance with the applicable laws.
Legal basis
We process your personal data because this is necessary for the performance of a contract with you to provide you with our products and services, to comply with legal obligations or if it is in our legitimate interests or the interests of a third party or on the basis of consent.
When we process your personal data for our legitimate interest, we will also take you into account and ensure that the further processing of your personal data is done in accordance with the legal requirements. As such we will also look into ensuring that processing for this new purpose is compatible with the purpose for which the personal data were initially collected. This does not apply when such processing is done due to a legal obligation or when we have obtained your consent. Our legitimate interests are for example: improving our product and services, reducing our costs, improving our newsletters and websites or securing our services and facilities.
Newsletter Subscriptions
MRMC have multiple email Newsletters for different areas of business. When you ‘Subscribe to Newsletter” on our contact form, you have the option of selecting one or multiple different newsletters. By checking more than one tick-box, you are giving consent to receive multiple different newsletters.
If you’ve provided consent please be informed that you can withdraw your consent at any time by following the unsubscribe link in an e-mail (you would need to do this for each newsletter you’ve subscribed to), or by adjusting your setting (if available) or by contacting us.
3. Information sharing
Being a global organization, many of our business activities are also carried out (and business efficiencies achieved) by processing or consolidating information about you in specific or centralized databases and systems located at specific secured facilities worldwide. As a result, your information may be shared with other entities within the Nikon Group. We may combine personal data collected by our affiliates about you with other personal data we may hold about you in order to keep your information accurate and up to date. Each Nikon Group company will process your personal data in accordance with applicable laws, this privacy notice and our
Nikon Group Privacy Protection Statement
. A strict access policy is maintained with regard to the processing of your personal data. Only authorised persons will have access to your personal data.
It is possible that your personal data is shared with trusted third parties that perform business functions or provide services to us. All such third parties will be required to adequately safeguard your personal data, subject to agreements that correspond to the requirements of applicable laws. Your personal data may also be shared for investigations (e.g. disclosure to prevent crime or fraud, or to comply with a court order or legislation).
A transfer or disclosure of personal data may also occur in connection with an (intended) transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (corporate transactions).
International transfers of personal data
Given the global nature of our company, your personal data may be transferred to Nikon entities and trusted third parties in countries outside the United Kingdom whose laws may not afford the same level of protection. MRMC will ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to comply with the requirements for the international transfer of personal data under applicable privacy laws. For transfers of personal data outside the European Economic Area, MRMC will use Information Commissioner’s office approved mechanisms, such as Standard Contractual Clauses as safeguards, such as the “controller to controller SCC’s” (see Article 46 UK GDPR).
4. Security measures and data retention
We will secure your personal data in accordance with our IT and security policies so that personal data is protected against unauthorised use, unauthorised access and wrongful modifications, loss or destruction. Your personal data will be kept as long as it is required for the purposes for which they are obtained as well as in accordance with our legal and fiscal requirements.
5. Your rights
You can contact us to exercise any of the rights mentioned below. We may not always be able to fulfil your request. For example, your request for access could be limited if this is necessary to protect the rights and freedoms of other individuals or we may refuse to delete your personal data in case the processing of such data is necessary for compliance with legal obligations.
If you would like to exercise your rights, please send your request to the contact details below. Please note that we may need you to provide additional information to confirm your identity. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can also contact us if you have any questions, remarks or complaints in relation to this privacy notice.
Right to access
You can request for access to your personal data. This includes the question whether we process any personal data about you.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have your data rectified in case of inaccuracy or incompleteness.
Right to erasure
You also have the right to have your personal data erased. We will erase your data in accordance with your request and the law. In case your data is deleted, please be aware that due to the way we maintain certain services, it may take some time before backup copies are erased.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain the restriction of the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to data portability
The right to data portability applies to information we received directly from you. You have the right to request that we transfer the information you gave us from one organisation to another (where technically feasible), or give it to you. This right only applies in case of automated processes and when processing your data on the basis of consent or the performance of a contract.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in case we process your personal data on the basis of ‘legitimate interests’ (including profiling).
At any time and free of charge you can object to direct marketing purposes in case your personal data is processed for such purposes, which includes profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. In case you exercise this right, we will no longer process your personal data for such purposes.
6. How we look after this policy
We most recently updated this notice on the 18th of November 2022 and it replaces earlier versions. We will update this privacy notice from time to time.
7. Contact details for your privacy inquiries
Mark Roberts Motion Control Ltd, Establishment Division
Unit 3, South East Studios, Eastbourne Road, Blindley Heath, Surrey, RH7 6JP, United Kingdom
Email:
datacontroller@mrmoco.com
Customer Service phone number:
01342838000
8. California Specific Addendum
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED BY
MRMC. PLEASE READ THE CALIFORNIA SPECIFIC ADDENDUM BELOW WHICH SUPPLEMENTS SECTIONS 1 THROUGH 14 OF THIS PRIVACY
NOTICE (THE “ADDENDUM”).
Effective Date: 01.07.2020
Last Reviewed On: 09.06.2021
If you are a California consumer within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), these
California-specific provisions (“California-Specific Addendum”) apply to you, and this California-Specific Addendum
supplements our standard privacy notice (“Standard Privacy Notice”) and prevails over any conflicting provisions in the
Standard Privacy Notice  (this California-Specific Addendum and the Standard Privacy Notice , together, “Privacy
Policy”).
California Personal Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could
reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“California Personal
Information”).  In particular, we have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the
last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or
other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
1798.80(e)).
Name, signature, business address and telephone number
This category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital
status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender
expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or
military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract
a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and
voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or
exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application,
or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Yes
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting
on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification
codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profiles reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
For the above categories (A), (B), (D), (F), (H) we obtain California Personal Information from a variety of sources.
These sources include:
yourself, with respect to both online and offline interactions you may have with us or our service providers;
other entities with whom you transact or with whom you maintain relationships who may deal with us on your
behalf;
the devices you use to access our websites, mobile applications, and online services;
identity verification and fraud prevention services;
marketing and analytics providers; public databases; social media platforms; and
other sources consistent with this California Privacy Policy.
Please note California Personal Information does not include publicly available information from government records,
deidentified or aggregate consumer information, and personal information protected by certain other sector-specific
federal or California statutes.
Our Use of California Personal Information
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information we collect for the business purposes
disclosed within this Privacy Policy.
These business purposes include:
Audits and reporting relating to particular transactions and interactions, including online interactions, you
may have with us or others on our behalf;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity,
and prosecuting the same;
Debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems;
Short-term, transient use including contextual customization of ads;
Providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including creating, maintaining or servicing accounts;
providing customer service and support; fulfilling transactions; verifying identity information; processing
payments; and other services;
Conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology;
Conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services or devices which we may
own, control, or provide;
To personalize your experience with us;
To better understand the needs and interests of consumers so we may more closely meet your needs and interests;
To respond to your questions and requests;
To notify you of promotional or special offers concerning our products and/or services;
To allow you to post reviews or comments about our products and/or services;
To invite you to participate in surveys about our products and/or services; and
To comply with applicable laws and regulations
Sharing of California Personal Information
A. Disclosure of California Personal Information for Business Purposes
Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed California Personal Information identified in the above categories (A),
(B), (D), (F), (H) for our business purposes. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share
such information, please see our Standard Privacy Notice.
B. Sale of California Personal Information
Within the last 12 months, within the meaning of the CCPA, we have not sold any California Personal Information
identified in categories (A), (B), (D), (F), (H) above.
We do not disclose California Personal Information of individuals we know to be under the age of 16 to business or third
parties for monetary or other valuable consideration as a “sale” under the CCPA without affirmative authorization.
California Rights and Choices
You have certain rights related to your California Personal Information. You may exercise these rights free of charge
except as otherwise provided by applicable law.  We endeavor to respond to your request promptly upon verification and
as required by applicable law.
A. Right to Know/Portability.
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories of California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling California Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share California Personal Information; and
the specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
To the extent that we sell your California Personal Information within the meaning of the CCPA or disclose such
information for a business purpose, you may request that we disclose to you:
the categories of California Personal Information that we have collected about you;
the categories of California Personal Information about you that we have sold within the meaning of the CCPA and
the categories of third parties to whom the California Personal Information was sold, by category or categories
of personal information for each third party to whom the California personal information was sold; and
the categories of California Personal Information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.
B. Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete California Personal Information about you which we have collected from you.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you
requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you,
or otherwise perform our contract with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute
those responsible for such activities.
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise
another right provided for by law.
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that
adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render
impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship
with us.
comply with a legal obligation.
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you
provided it.
C. How to Submit a Request.
You may request to exercise these rights by:
Submitting email request to:
datacontroller@mrmoco.com
D. Verifiable Request.
As required under applicable law, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or
acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may require you to provide information sufficient to allow us to
reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and to
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  For
example, we may request you complete the following: date of your original enquiry/nature of communication with us, your
name and email, how would you like to communicate in relation to this request. We may require you to provide more
information if we are not able to verify your request from the available data and this will depend on the level of
interaction, we have had with you. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under
applicable law.
E. Agent Authorization and Disability Access
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the
agent with written permission to act on your behalf. As permitted by law, we may require additional verification in
response to a request even if you choose to use an agent. [Describe relevant methods/restrictions for using an agent.]
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
F. Right to Opt Out and Right to Opt In. (Do not Sell My Personal Information)
Although we are not currently selling California Personal Information, if you are 16 years of age or older, you have the
right to direct us to not sell your California Personal Information at any time should this change in the future (the
“right to opt out”). and this election shall be effective for a period of twelve (12) months. We do not sell the
California Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive
affirmative authorization (the “right to opt in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the
parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to California Personal Information
sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To submit an opt-out request, please email to:
datacontroller@mrmoco.com
Nondiscrimination and Financial Incentives
We will not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights, or any other rights under the
CCPA, including by:
denying you goods or services;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other
benefits or imposing penalties;
providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or suggesting that you will receive a different
price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
A. California Do Not Track Disclosure.
Our websites, apps and other online services are not designed to
respond to “Do Not Track” requests from browsers.
B. Other California Privacy Rights.
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section §
1798.83), you, as a California resident, may ask us to refrain from sharing your personal information with third parties
for their marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact information below.
Changes to this California-Specific Addendum
We reserve the right to amend this California-Specific Addendum at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes
to this California-Specific Addendum, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective
date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
You may contact us with questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices and your choices and rights under
California law by the following methods:
Email:
datacontroller@mrmoco.com
Phone: +441342838000
Post: Mark Roberts Motion Control, Unit 3, South East Studios, Blindley Heath, Surrey, RH7 6 JP, United Kingdom
Alternatively, please make a submission on Contact Us page noting: ATT: DATA CONTROLLER
https://www.mrmoco.com/contact/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.nikon.co.jp/main/eng/privacy_policy.htm:
Select your country/region.
You are in our Global Site.
Ireland
Change your location
Go
Close
Nikon Group Privacy Protection Statement
The Nikon Group* respects privacy and acknowledges that processing personal data in a lawful and proper manner is an important social responsibility and declares that it will strive to protect personal data as set out below:
1. Compliance
The Nikon Group shall take measures to comply with the laws and regulations related to personal data protection, and will continue to develop and refine its internal information management systems for personal data protection.
2. Processing of Personal Data
The Nikon Group will process personal data in a fair, transparent and lawful manner. Personal data shall be processed and adequate in accordance with specified and proper purposes or further in accordance with applicable law.
3. Proper Management of Personal Data
The Nikon Group will implement necessary and proper technical and organizational measures to ensure that personal data are secured and protected.
*
Nikon Corporation and its subsidiaries
Back
This website uses cookies to improve your experience by anonymously collecting browsing data. Cookies can be disabled in your browser settings. For further details, please check our
cookie notice
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
In this website (www.nikon.com), cookies, web beacon
*
, and other similar technologies are used in order to optimize how it is displayed to increase its convenience of use, and to statistically analyze and study page viewership. These identify your device, typically your web browser, but do not identify a particular individual.
*“Web beacon” refers to a small image file embedded in a web page and is a method of sending user access data to another server when viewing a website or HTML mail, for statistical research and analysis of browsing status.
Cookie Notice
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label