PRIVACY
POLICY
FOR
THE
DUBLIN PROVINCE OF THE REDEMPTORISTS
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy
Policy details the privacy practices of The Dublin Province of the
Redemptorists.
We have focused on
implementing the practices of Fairness, Transparency and Accountability to
protect your privacy as we respect your trust in us, to use, store and share
your personal information.
In this
Privacy Policy we explain how we collect personal information about you, how we
use it and how you can communicate with us, regarding the use of your personal
information. This online Privacy Policy relates to personal information that we
collect through websites operated by us and not to information which we collect
“off line”. There is a separate Data Protection Policy which is available on
request.
By willingly providing personal
and other information to us you are consenting to the terms and conditions of
this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time by notifying us
at
provincial@cssr.ie
or by writing to
The Office of the Provincial, St Joseph’s Monastery, St Alphonsus Road,
Dundalk, Co Louth, A91F3FC.
The Dublin
Province of the Redemptorists have the utmost respect for privacy and we are
committed to processing your personal information.
In accordance with The EU GDPR (EU 2016/679) and
the Data Protection Act 2018. We will only use your personal information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We
encourage you to read this policy, to understand what types of information we
collect, and how we use or disclose it.
In accordance
with current data protection legislation, we are identified as a Data
Controller, however there may be occasions where we are also identified as a
Data Processor.
WHO
ARE WE?
The Dublin
Province of the Redemptorists is a religious congregation which has been granted
charitable status (charity number 1685 and CRA number20002442) and is part of
the worldwide Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer).
The Head Office is located at St Joseph’s
Monastery, St Alphonsus Road, Dundalk, Co Louth A91 F3FC.
Today Irish Redemptorists work is a wide
variety of apostolates of public benefit such as in churches and parishes,
conduct parish missions, retreats and other chaplaincy type ministries, they
are the Trustees of St Clement’s College in Limerick and have members working
in Brazil, The Philippines and Mozambique.
In many Redemptorist communities’ elderly members are cared for and
other forms of ministry are carried out.
HOW
WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
When you browse
our website
www.redemptorists.ie
we
may ask for personal information (such as your name, email address. We may also
collect information about you when you are on the internet such as the website
you came from, IP address, domain types, i.e., .co.uk and.com), your browser
type the country
where your internet
service provider is located, the pages of
our site that were viewed during your visit and search terms that you
used.
This information is only used for
our own research and to improve our service to you. Your IP address is also
used to gather broad demographic information.
We also collect personal information from you when you subscribe to our
newsletter through the website
www.redemptorists.ie
,
and when you send an email .
We will process
personal information in connection with the services and products that we
provide. This information includes, your name, email address, phone number and
any other data that itself can identify or, when associated with the above
information may identify you as a specified individual.
There may be occasions when it will be
necessary for The Dublin Province of The Redemptorists to collect personal
information pertaining to health.
The personal
information that we collect enables us to respond effectively to requests for
our customised services and products.
We use social media platforms,
personal information may be collected through
these social media channels.
HOW
WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Dublin
Province of The Redemptorists will use your information for a variety of
purposes as detailed below:
·
To conduct general pastoral and spiritual care
·
To communicate with you about events
·
To provide you with information
you request from us
OUR
LEGAL BASES TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We detail below our identified legal bases
to process your personal information:
·
Processing is necessary for the
performance of a Contract to which the Data Subject is party or to take steps
at the request of the Data Subject prior to entering a Contract.
·
Consent
·
Legal Obligation
·
Legitimate Interest of the Data
Controller
·
Vital Interest of a Data
Subject or another natural person
·
Public Interest
SHARING
OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will
only
share
your personal information when we are legally obliged.
Personal information will not be rented or
sold to third parties in addition personal information will not be shared with
third parties for marketing purposes.
There may be occasions when it is necessary for our third-party stake
holders to access your personal information to enable us to provide our
services to you. In such circumstances we will ensure that all appropriate
measures have been implemented to prohibit and restrict “unauthorised access”
to personal information.
Third Party
Stakeholders may be granted access to personal information for specific
purposes only and access to data will be afforded on a highly restricted basis.
The Dublin Province of The Redemptorists also
ensures that all appropriate Data Processing Agreements have been implemented.
We identify below some of our Third-Party Stakeholders who may on occasions
require access to personal information (for specific purposes), this list
however, is not exhaustive.
·
Web Hosting Provider
·
IT Support Provider
·
Digital Platform Providers
·
Payroll
HOW
LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
We process and
retain personal information to meet our legal and regulatory requirements and
for as long as necessary to enable The Dublin Province of the Redemptorists to
provide our services to you. Personal information will not be retained for
longer than is considered necessary for these purposes.
HOW
WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE
The Dublin
Province of the Redemptorists are committed to the protection and security of
your personal information.
We use a
variety of security technologies and procedures to protect your personal
information from, unauthorised use and access, accidental loss, unlawful
destruction, alteration, unlawful disclosure.
As effective as security practices are, no physical or electronic system
is entirely secure.
We cannot guarantee
the complete security of our data base or can we guarantee that information
that you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the
internet.
We have implemented strict
internal guidelines to ensure that your privacy is safeguarded at every level
of our organisation.
We will continue to
revise policies and procedures and review our systems and we will implement
additional security features as new technologies become available.
Any transmission of personal information is
at your own risk.
When we receive your
personal information, we use appropriate security measures to prevent your
personal information from being compromised in any way.
When you contact us to ask about your
personal information, we may ask you to identify yourself, this is to help
protect your personal information.
Third-Party
Sites
Our website may
contain links to other Third-Party sites.
When you click on one of these links you are visiting a website operated
by someone other than The Dublin Province of the Redemptorists and the operator
of that website may have a different privacy policy.
We are not responsible for their individual
privacy practices; we encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of such
Third-Party Operators.
Children
We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If
you are under 18, do not access, use, or provide any personal information on
www.redemptorists.ie
or through any of
its features. If we learn that we have collected or received personal
information from a child under 18,
without parental consent, we will delete that
information.
Data
Transfers to Countries Outside The EU/EEA
It is not the practice of The Dublin
Province of the Redemptorists to transfer personal information beyond European
borders without Consent.
Do
We Use Cookies
Yes, we use a
variety of Cookies. A Cookie is an element of data that a website can send to
your browser, which may then be stored on your system. Our website uses these
Cookies to collect information which enables us to improve our service.
You have the option to either accept or
refuse these Cookies and know when a Cookie is being sent to your computer. If
you choose to refuse our Cookies you may not be able to use some portions of
our Service. Full details of our use of Cookies will be found in our separate
Cookie
Policy
Google
Analytics
The Dublin
Province of the Redemptorists
uses
Google Analytics
to analyse the
performance of
www.redemptorists.ie
.
The information Google Analytics gathers using our website’s cookies generate
generic reports about the use of our website.
The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the site
(including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on
servers in the U.SA.
You can opt out of
the use of Google Analytics by installing the browser plug in
https://tools.google.com/dlpagw/gaoptout
Your Personal information Rights
In accordance
with The EU General Data Protection Regulation and The Data Protection Act 2018
you are afforded the following rights in
certain circumstances. However
,
not all “Rights” are
absolute,
and exemptions may apply.
Right of Access:
You have the right to obtain confirmation
from us whether or not we process personal information about you and where that
is the case, access to the personal data, including the purposes of the
processing and the categories of personal data concerned.
The recipients or categories or recipients to
whom the personal information have been or will be disclosed.
You may also
submit a written request for a copy of personal information you believe we may
be processing about you.
Upon such a
written request, The Dublin Province of the Redemptorists will verify the
validity of the request for security purposes.
Your subject access request will be responded to within thirty days,
However, where the request is unreasonable, or onerous such requests will be
responded to within a two-month time period.
Right to Rectification:
You
have the right to the rectification of inaccurate personal information about
you without undue delay.
Right to Erasure:
You may
ask us to delete your personal information, however this is not an
absolute
right and any such request
will be considered in connection with our legal obligations and under the legal
framework of the EU GDPR
Right to Restricting and Objecting
: You have the right to restrict or object to us using your personal
information.
Right to Data Portability:
Upon your written request, where possible we can share a digital copy
of your personal information with you or another organisation.
If we are processing information based on your
consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
This does not affect the lawfulness of
processing which took place prior to its withdrawal.
How to contact us
Should you have any questions regarding how we
process your Personal Information please send an email to
provincial@cssr.ie
You can also
write to us at The Office of the Provincial, St Joseph’s Monastery, St
Alphonsus Road, Dundalk, Co Louth, A91 F3FC
The Data
Commissioners Office can be contacted at
www.dataprotection.ie
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will make
changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, particularly when we make
changes regarding how we process your personal information and expand our services.
Details of any changes made will be posted
here so that you can see what information we gather, how we might use that
information and in what circumstances we may disclose it.
By continuing to use our site after we post
any such changes, you accept and agree to the privacy policy as modified.
SEPTEMBER
2020