Flat
15% OFF
on first purchase*
Exclusive on App
|
4.5
★
Ratings
|
4.5M+  Downloads
Install
Privacy Policy
Here you can find out how your personal information is collected, shared and used when you visit or make a purchase from NEWME. 

When you use our platform, services, or otherwise interact with us during the course of our partnership, we may also gather personal information about your identity, demographics, and other information as may be provided from time to time. Information supplied to us during sign-up or using our platform, such as name, date of birth, address, mobile number, email ID, occupation, and any other information shared as evidence of identity or address, is only one example of the information we may collect.

Some of the information you may occasionally give us includes your purchasing habits, preferences and other information. Our main objective in doing so is to give you a seamless, effective, safe, and personalized experience. This enables us to tailor our platform to your needs and provide services and features that will most likely satisfy them, as well as to make your experience safer and simpler. Generally, you are not required to identify yourself or provide any personal information in order to use the Platform. You are no longer anonymous to us after you provide us with personal information. We try to make it clear which fields are necessary and which ones are optional. By opting not to use a certain service or feature on the platform, you can always choose not to disclose information.

We hold the preservation of your privacy to be a fundamental value. We are aware that one of our most valuable assets is you and your personal information. We keep and handle all of your information, including any sensitive financial data that is gathered in accordance with the Information Technology Act of 2000 and its implementing rules. Personal information may be shared with our affiliates.

We might give third parties access to personal data. In order to give you access to our services, to abide by legal obligations, to enforce our user agreement, to support our marketing and advertising efforts, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our services, we may need to provide you with this disclosure.

If obliged to do so by law or in the good faith assumption that such disclosure is advisable in order to comply with subpoenas, court orders, or other legal procedures, we may disclose personal information. In the good faith judgment that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy, we may release personal information to law enforcement officials, third party rights holders, or others. the rights, property, or personal safety of our users or the general public by responding to accusations that any advertisement, publication, or other content violates the rights of a third party.

If we (or our assets) decide to merge with, be bought by, reorganize, amalgamate, or otherwise restructure our business, we and our affiliates may transfer some or all of your personal information to that other business entity. This Privacy Policy was created to safeguard and maintain the privacy of your personal and financial information. You agree to and accept the policies outlined in this privacy statement by using NEWME.


 Note:
Any time without prior warning, our privacy policies are subject to change. Please periodically review this policy to make sure you are aware of any updates.
You accept this Privacy Policy’s terms and conditions by accessing this website. Please refrain from using or accessing our website if you disagree.
You expressly consent to the use and dissemination of your personal information by us in the ways described in this Privacy Policy just by using the Website. The Terms of Use contain this Privacy Policy and are subject to them.