Statement of Privacy / Data Protection
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG (hereinafter "Rohde & Schwarz") is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of your data. This statement of privacy informs you how Rohde & Schwarz handles your data after it is collected on Rohde & Schwarz websites and how this data is processed. We also explain how you can influence the collection and use of your personal information.
If you pass personal data on to us, you can be sure that this information is used solely to maintain your business relationship with Rohde & Schwarz or in one of the ways set out in this statement.
Table of Content:
1. Name and address of the responsible controller / data protection officer
2. Collection, use and processing of the data
3. Disclosure of data to service providers
4. Cookies
5. Creation of user profiles
6. Newsletters
7. Accessing, changing and deleting data
8. Links to third-party websites
9. Contact form and email traffic
10. Storage period of personal data
11. Changes to the statement of privacy
1. Name and address of the responsible controller / data protection officer
The responsible controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws in the Member States of the European Union and other provisions of a data protection character is:
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Muehldorfstrasse 15
81671 München
Germany
Phone: +49 89 41 29 - 0
Fax: +49 89 41 29 12 164
E-mail: info (at) rohde-schwarz.com
Website:
www.rohde-schwarz.com
The data protection officer is:
Tobias Kretschmer
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Mühldorfstraße 15
81671 Munich
Germany
Phone: +49 89 41 29 - 0
Email:
dataprotection@rohde-schwarz.com
2. Collection, use and processing of data
2.1 Notes on log files when visiting websites
When you visit a Rohde & Schwarz website, the default is that the information transmitted by your Internet provider (e.g. the domains from which you are accessing the Rohde & Schwarz websites, your IP address, the operating system, date and time, browser type, language and configurations, hyperlinks followed within Rohde & Schwarz websites and your activities on these websites) is collected automatically to enable technical operation of the websites. This information is recorded in the form of log files.
2.2 Exclusive use of the publicly accessible area
You can visit the publicly accessible Rohde & Schwarz websites without revealing any personal data. The information listed in 2.1 is analyzed in anonymous form for statistical purposes and cannot be used by Rohde & Schwarz to identify you as an individual. The IP address and other characteristics that we could use to identify you are removed before analysis. This anonymous information is only analyzed at an aggregate level to help Rohde & Schwarz understand trends and patterns in order to improve its website.
2.3 Use of websites with registration functionality
2.3.1 Use of Extranet (restricted access areas)
In order to register in Extranet (GLORIS, eCommerce, Knowledge +, Jam for Externals, Technology Academy etc.) you have to provide personal data such as your title, first and last name, address, email address, phone number, fax number and company name. We need this data to provide relevant service and support applications with the necessary contact information and especially to determine whether or not someone is authorized to access certain restricted-access areas of our website (user authentication).
2.3.2 Use of web stores
You can visit Rohde & Schwarz web stores without personal data being entered or saved.
However, if you wish to set up a customer account, request a quotation or place an order, then you will need to register, specifying personal data such as your title, first name, last name, company name, company address, company phone number and your business email address. When placing an order, you may also have to provide a VAT identification number. Rohde & Schwarz does not collect payment data. Depending on the method of payment you select, this data might be collected by the payment service provider.
You will always be directed to the web store of Rohde & Schwarz and affiliated companies responsible for sales in your region. Depending on the order placed, your personal data and order details may have to be disclosed to Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG, Mühldorfstraße 15, 81671 Munich, Germany so the order can be processed.
2.3.3 Using the application portal in the careers section of the webpage
If you wish to apply for a job at Rohde & Schwarz through our webpages, you will need to provide certain personal data. Before the submission of a specific application, this data is used for the technical administration of the webpages, but only to the extent that is absolutely necessary.
Further information on data protection when applying for jobs is available here:
Data protection in the application process
The careers webpage and the Rohde & Schwarz application portal with the integrated application wizard are operated by Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG for its own purposes, but also for purposes of the companies affiliated with Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG.
Rohde & Schwarz uses the software provided by the IT service provider Avature (Avature GmbH, Reichenbachstrasse 26, Munich, D-80469 Munich, Germany) to make the applicant management software, including the application portal, available. The servers are located in the EU.
We process your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and all other applicable laws.
Within the careers webpage and the linked application portal, Rohde & Schwarz uses your personal information for technical administration only to the necessary extent.
In order to ensure proper management of the application portal and to enable easy navigation, the application portal uses cookies (small text files stored in the user's browser) to collect aggregated, i.e. anonymized, data. These cookies do not collect any personal data such as your name or email address. Click here for more information:
Cookie Policy
If you are already an employee of our Rohde & Schwarz group of companies, your employee/candidate profile will be supplemented to include the following information from our HR systems:
your personnel number and unique ID
your work contact information, e.g. your email address
your current position, department and company, including location
where appropriate, time windows available in your work calendar (without any details regarding titles, participants, etc., the information shown is limited to your availability)
When you apply online, you can also transfer your profile from a social network (LinkedIn) instead of entering your personal details or uploading a CV manually. The fields relevant for the purposes of the application are prepopulated in the form within our application portal. You can check all of the prepopulated data and make manual changes before you complete your application. You decide which data is transmitted to us when you submit your application.
If you send us an unsolicited or a job-specific application, your data collected in the applicant management system can be seen by the employees involved in the recruitment process.
If you apply for a job posting at an affiliated company of the Rohde & Schwarz group of companies, your data will be transferred to the affiliated company.
If you apply for an advertised position, your data will be processed only as necessary in the application process for the specific position. By releasing your profile, you grant us your consent to use your personal data above and beyond a specific application to assess suitability for other positions within the same company. If you are applying in Germany, your profile is also released for more than one company (List of German companies). If you have not released your profile, we always obtain your consent to us disseminating your personal data in advance, or we do not disseminate it. You can revoke this consent at any time.
As we have high standards for our processes and are always striving to improve, we may contact you after the end of the application process to ask for your feedback on our application process. Participation is voluntary. Your answers will be treated as confidential.
Your applicant profile will be stored as follows:
In cases involving active employees of the R&S group of companies, applicant profiles will not be deleted for legitimate technical and organizational reasons. The data subject can, however, update and remove the information provided in the applicant profile at any time using the edit function.
Applicant data will be retained for a period of six months from the end of the recruitment process. Different retention periods apply in the following countries based on local regulations:
Country // Retention period for applicant data
US // 24 months
Central and South America (Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Argentina, Peru) // 12 months
Switzerland // 6 months
The personal data of candidates in our talent pool is stored for a three-year period following a candidate's inclusion in the pool unless consent is revoked at an earlier date.
Country // Retention period for talent pool candidates
Switzerland // 1 year
India // 1 year
Philippines // 1 year
Taiwan // 2 years
To exercise your right to information, rectification and erasure, you can access your profile in our
application portal
at any time.
Information
You can view your current application processes and your profile in our
application portal
as long as you have registered in the portal.
Alternatively, you can assert your right to information by submitting a request to us by email:
career@rohde-schwarz.com
.
Rectification / completion
You can edit or withdraw your current application processes by accessing your profile in our
application portal
. You can also make profile changes yourself at any time provided you have registered.
Alternatively, you can assert your right to rectification/completion of data by submitting a request to us by email:
career@rohde-schwarz.com
.
Erasure
We will erase your personal data from our active databases on request. We may, however, keep certain data if we are legally permitted or required to do so.
You can withdraw your current applications via your profile and delete your profile and your registration in our
application portal
as long as you have registered in the portal.
Alternatively, you can assert your right to deletion by submitting a request to us by email:
career@rohde-schwarz.com
.
Further information on the application process is available in our
FAQ section
.
2.4 Use and processing
Your personal data will be used solely for the purposes of business relationships with you or for other purposes mentioned on the Rohde & Schwarz websites or for any other stated purpose (e.g. consulting services, information about products and services, etc.). Pursuant to section 3 below, service providers engaged by Rohde & Schwarz only receive the information that is absolutely necessary for them to provide the service. If your consent is required to use the data for purposes other than those specified above, such use will only be made if you have given your consent.
Rohde & Schwarz has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures, such as the use of encryption when transmitting data, to keep your data secure, up-to-date, complete and protected from access by unauthorized third parties.
3. Disclosure of data to service providers
It may be necessary to transfer personal data to Rohde & Schwarz service providers so that they can provide services for Rohde & Schwarz. This includes, but is not limited to, answering your questions about products and services, processing event registrations, processing orders, and personalizing Rohde & Schwarz websites in line with your preferences (see section 5 Creation of user profiles). All service providers are subject to the applicable Rohde & Schwarz data protection provisions.
For service providers with a place of business in a third country outside the EU/EEA, if required by law, appropriate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the EU Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR) must be provided prior to transferring data (see
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dec_impl/2021/914/oj?uri=CELEX:32021D0914&locale=en
).
4. Cookies
Rohde & Schwarz uses various technologies, in particular cookies, to collect information when its websites are visited. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by your web browser.
The following cookie types are in use on Rohde & Schwarz websites:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies,
whereas Performance, Functional and Targeting Cookies are used only with your previous consent.
Further information on cookie type definition and a list of cookies are available on
cookie information page
.
If you enter personal data in a form, this data can be saved in a cookie so that you do not have to enter the data again every time. Note that certain functions may no longer be available, if you do not allow cookies to be saved. You can also set up your browser to have it notify you whenever it receives a cookie or to generally prevent cookies from being saved. See your browser's help function for more information.
5. Creation of user profiles
In order to optimize the Rohde & Schwarz websites and adapt their design to customer needs, pseudonymized user data is collected and saved at an aggregate level. This data is used to create user profiles under a pseudonym. Rohde & Schwarz uses the following tracking and analysis technologies provided by the third-party providers mentioned in this section. All of these technologies use tracking cookies, but only if you have consented to them as outlined in the preceding section
On behalf of Rohde & Schwarz, the third-party providers will use this information to record your use of the Rohde & Schwarz websites in a pseudonymous form. This information will be used to compile reports on your website activities (such as when you purchased what products in Rohde & Schwarz web stores) in order to provide Rohde & Schwarz with other services related to website use. Rohde & Schwarz also records which website functions you used and how you used them. For this purpose, Rohde & Schwarz uses the following technologies to link the data collected to your user account, provided you logged on to the website with your login data.
Rohde & Schwarz uses the above-mentioned data to analyze how you use the websites in order to
better understand how you use these websites
provide you with content and offers that may be of interest to you
improve its products and services
The IP address transmitted by your browser within the context of the following technologies is not combined with other data from the following third-party providers.
For Extranet users, pseudonymous identifiers in the form of cryptographic hash values are used. This allows us to get an overview of your activities so that we can personalize our website to your specific needs.
Third-party providers
Adobe Analytics
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the technologies of Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Ireland, to gather information about how users interact with the website and its content. Rohde & Schwarz uses this information to make sure that the website offers visitors added value, for example by adapting the content to your personal interests.
The data is collected by Adobe Analytics, processed and stored in Adobe computer centers in Europe.
Hotjar
Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting our site. This is done to provide our users with a better experience, and to facilitate the use of certain functions. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar does not process this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting the ‘about Hotjar’ section of the Hotjar website. Hotjar assists us in providing our end users with a better experience and service as well as in diagnosing technical problems and analyzing user trends.
You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect your information at any time by visiting the Opt-out page (https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out) and clicking ‘Disable Hotjar’ or enabling Do Not Track (DNT) in your browser.
Hotjar Ltd, Level 2
St Julians Business Centre,
3, Elia Zammit Street
St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe
+1 (855) 464-6788
support@hotjar.com
Dynatrace
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the services provided by Dynatrace, 1601 Trapelo Road, Suite 116, Waltham, MA 02451, USA, as described below.
Real user monitoring is used to make constant improvements to our websites. Real user monitoring allows us to identify possible errors early on and to localize their root causes in order to ensure and continuously improve the user-friendliness of the website. Users' web usage data is collected after being pseudonymized and is transmitted to Dynatrace. The purpose of the analysis is the technical optimization of the website. No user profiles are created and only session based cookies are used.
More information is available on the Dynatrace website in the 'Data privacy and security' section:
https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/data-privacy-and-security/
Google Ads
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the Google services described below.
For users located in the European Economic Area, Google is operated by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
For users outside of the European Economic Area, Google is operated by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Please note that Google can also transfer personal data to third countries outside the European Economic Area that are not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission. As far as such transfers are made, Google will use the standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, which constitute an appropriate safeguard, within the meaning of Article 46(2c) GDPR for transfers to third countries.
If you have issued your consent, the Rohde & Schwarz websites use Google technologies that capture your user behavior on our websites (tracking) in order to display interest based advertising for our products on the websites of Google across devices and, where applicable, its partners (retargeting, remarketing). This tool also allows the tracking of page views, clicks and other actions by using defined rules (generally the URL string of the confirmation page) to determine conversions and understand the success of the particular campaign (conversion tracking).
The information is transmitted to Google accordingly. If you are logged in to Google when you visit our website, Google may aggregate the data it has collected about you in order to create and define audience lists for cross-device retargeting/remarketing.
You can find further details on how Google handles data at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
The use of these Google services is based on your consent (Article 6(1a) GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time using our
cookie settings
. The legality of the data processing done prior to your revocation of consent remains unaffected. You can see the lifetime of each cookie in the
cookie list
.
You can deactivate tracking outside the Rohde & Schwarz website for participating services here:
http://optout.aboutads.info
Facebook
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the Facebook services described below.
For users located in the European Economic Area, Facebook is operated by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland.
For users outside of the European Economic Area, Facebook is operated by Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
Please note that Facebook can also transfer personal data to third countries outside the European Economic Area that are not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission. As far as such transfers are made, Facebook will use the standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, which constitute an appropriate safeguard, within the meaning of Article 46(2c) GDPR for transfers to third countries.
If you have issued your consent, the Rohde & Schwarz websites use Facebook technologies that capture your user behavior on our websites (tracking) in order to display interest based advertising for our products on the websites of Facebook across devices and, where applicable, its partners (retargeting, remarketing). This tool also allows the tracking of page views, clicks and other actions by using defined rules (generally the URL string of the confirmation page) to determine conversions and understand the success of the particular campaign (conversion tracking).
The information is transmitted to Facebook accordingly. If you are logged in to Facebook when you visit our website, Facebook may aggregate the data it has collected about you in order to create and define audience lists for cross-device retargeting/remarketing.
You can find further details on how Facebook handles data at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
The use of these Facebook services is based on your consent (Article 6(1a) GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time using our
cookie settings
. The legality of the data processing done prior to your revocation of consent remains unaffected. You can see the lifetime of each cookie in the
cookie list
.
You can deactivate tracking outside the Rohde & Schwarz website for participating services here:
http://optout.aboutads.info
LinkedIn
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the LinkedIn services described below.
For users located in the European Economic Area and Switzerland, LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
For users outside of the European Economic Area, LinkedIn is operated by the LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W Maude Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA.
Please note that LinkedIn can also transfer personal data to third countries outside the European Economic Area that are not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission. As far as such transfers are made, LinkedIn will use the standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, which constitute an appropriate safeguard, within the meaning of Article 46(2c) GDPR for transfers to third countries.
If you have issued your consent, the Rohde & Schwarz websites use LinkedIn technologies that capture your user behavior on our websites (tracking) in order to display interest based advertising for our products on the websites of LinkedIn across devices and, where applicable, its partners (retargeting, remarketing). This tool also allows the tracking of page views, clicks and other actions by using defined rules (generally the URL string of the confirmation page) to determine conversions and understand the success of the particular campaign (conversion tracking).
The information is transmitted to LinkedIn accordingly. If you are logged in to LinkedIn when you visit our website, LinkedIn may aggregate the data it has collected about you in order to create and define audience lists for cross-device retargeting/remarketing.
You can find further details on how LinkedIn handles data at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
The use of these LinkedIn services is based on your consent (Article 6(1a) GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time using our
cookie settings
. The legality of the data processing done prior to your revocation of consent remains unaffected. You can see the lifetime of each cookie in the
cookie list
.
You can deactivate tracking outside the Rohde & Schwarz website for participating services here:
http://optout.aboutads.info
Twitter
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the Twitter services described below.
For users located in the European Economic Area, Twitter is operated by Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland.
For users outside of the European Economic Area, Twitter is operated by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
Please note that Twitter can also transfer personal data to third countries outside the European Economic Area that are not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission. As far as such transfers are made, Twitter will use the standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, which constitute an appropriate safeguard, within the meaning of Article 46(2c) GDPR for transfers to third countries.
If you have issued your consent, the Rohde & Schwarz websites use Twitter technologies that capture your user behavior on our websites (tracking) in order to display interest based advertising for our products on the websites of Twitter across devices and, where applicable, its partners (retargeting, remarketing). This tool also allows the tracking of page views, clicks and other actions by using defined rules (generally the URL string of the confirmation page) to determine the conversions and understand the success of the particular campaign in question (conversion tracking).
The information is transmitted to Twitter accordingly. If you are logged in to Twitter when you visit our website, Twitter may aggregate the data it has collected about you in order to create and define audience lists for cross-device retargeting/remarketing.
You can find further details on how Twitter handles data at:
https://twitter.com/privacy
The use of these Twitter services is based on your consent (Article 6(1a) GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time using our
cookie settings
. The legality of the data processing done prior to your revocation of consent remains unaffected. You can see the lifetime of each cookie in the
cookie list
.
You can deactivate tracking outside the Rohde & Schwarz website for participating services here:
http://optout.aboutads.info
Dynamic Yield/FirstSpirit ICE
We use the services offered by Dynamic Yield GmbH, Theodor-Stern-Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Germany ("Dynamic Yield") for the FirstSpirit ICE function. We use Dynamic Yield to optimize our website so as to turn your visit into a customized experience by offering recommendations and content tailored to suit your interests. As an example, we use the content of sites you access to recommend similar or related content or other content that is relevant to you. For this purpose, Dynamic Yield collects pseudonymized information about your activities while using our site. This process is based on cookies that are only used to store pseudonymized information under a random ID (pseudonym). Your IP addresses are only stored anonymously. This means that it is impossible to trace this information back to you as an individual.
You can find more information about the tracking technology used at:
https://www.dynamicyield.com/privacy-policy/
SAP Litmos
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the SAP Litmos services described below.
SAP Litmos is operated by der SAP Deutschland SE & Co. KG, Hasso-Plattner-Ring 7, 69190 Walldorf, Germany.
With SAP Litmos, Rohde & Schwarz offers its customers an eLearning platform. Personal data is collected for the purpose of authentication, conducting training, managing the personal learning status and, if necessary, forwarding the data to IEEE for the creation of an IEEE certificate.
If the participant requests a certificate from IEEE, personal data of the participant, such as first and last name, email address, and completed exams for corresponding courses are forwarded to IEEE for the creation of the certificate. With the transfer of data to IEEE, IEEE becomes the data controller for the creation of the certificates.
For more details on data handling by SAP Litmos, please refer to this
documentation
.
The use of the aforementioned services is based on your consent (Article 6(1a) GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time using our
cookie settings
. The legality of the data processing done prior to your revocation of consent remains unaffected. You can see the lifetime of each cookie in the
cookie list
.
Intercom
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the communication services of Intercom operated by Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 St Stephen's Green, Dublin, Ireland.
Intercom provides the ability to connect with website users via messenger services. With Intercom, it is possible to send messages to website users through live chat, email, SMS, and push notifications.
Data about user interactions with Intercom services is collected after being pseudonymized and is transmitted to Intercom. This process is based on cookies that are only used to store pseudonymized information. You can see the lifetime of each cookie in the
cookie list
.
More information is available on the Intercom website:
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
6. Newsletters
You can subscribe to various newsletters at several locations on Rohde & Schwarz websites. You will only receive these newsletters if you have given your explicit consent.
In some newsletters, we use web beacons to analyze how effective the newsletters are. The information collected in this way is used for statistical analysis. It is only combined with your personal data to determine what products, solutions and services you are interested in and to advise and inform you accordingly.
Marketing Permission
I want to receive marketing or advertising information (e.g. on special offers and discount promotions) from Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG, Rohde & Schwarz Vertriebs-GmbH and the Rohde & Schwarz entity or subsidiary company mentioned in the Imprint of this website via Email or Post.
Your rights
This declaration of consent may be withdrawn at any time by sending an email with the subject "Unsubscribe" to
news@rohde-schwarz.com
. Additionally, a link to unsubscribe from future email advertisements is contained in each email sent. In general, you can change your newsletter preferences in “Permissions and Subscriptions Center”.
7. Accessing, changing and deleting data
You can view, correct and delete the personal data you entered on Rohde & Schwarz websites at any time. You have also the right to object to the continued use of this data and to withdraw the consent you have given us.
To do so, simply sent an email to
dataprotection@rohde-schwarz.com
or contact the data protection officer
(see section 1).
If you have an Extranet account, you can view and correct the data directly in your profile. Some data are protected from changes e.g. data already validated for eCommerce. In this case please send an email to Customer Support: customersupport (at) rohde-schwarz.com.
For the processing of your personal data, you are the data subject as defined in the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU-GDPR) and you have certain rights with respect to the responsible controller.
Rights of the data subject pursuant to the EU-GDPR
7.1 Right of access
7.2 Right to rectification
7.3 Right to restriction of processing
7.4 Right to erasure
7.5 Notification obligation
7.6 Right to data portability
7.7 Right to object
7.8 Right to withdraw the declaration of consent regarding data protection
7.9 Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
7.10 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
7.11 Lawfulness of processing
7.1 Right of access
You have the right to obtain from the controller (see section 1) confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
a.
the purposes of the processing;
b.
the categories of personal data concerned;
c.
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been disclosed or will be disclosed;
d.
the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
e.
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning you or to object to such processing;
f.
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
g.
where the personal data is not collected from the data subject, any available information as to its source;
h.
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22 (1) and (4) EU-GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject. You have the right to request information about whether your personal data was transferred to a third country or an international organization. Where this is the case, you can request to be informed of the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 EU-GDPR relating to the transfer.
7.2 Right to rectification
You have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. You have the right to have incomplete personal data completed.
7.3 Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
a.
you contest the accuracy of the personal data, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
b.
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of its use instead;
c.
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
d.
you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) EU-GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override yours. Where processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or of a Member State. If you obtained restriction of processing pursuant to the above points, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction of processing is lifted.
7.4 Right to erasure
7.4.1.
You have the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay, and the controller has the obligation to erase the personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:
a.
Your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
b.
You withdraw consent on which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) EU-GDPR and there is no other legal ground for the processing.
c.
You object to the processing pursuant to to Article 21(1) EU-GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) DS-GVO.
d.
Your personal data has been unlawfully processed.
e.
The personal data concerning you has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union law or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
f.
The personal data concerning you has been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) EU-GDPR.
7.4.2
Where the controller has made the personal data public and is obliged pursuant to paragraph 1 to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, will take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, this personal data.
7.4.3
Paragraphs
7.4.1
and
7.4.2
will not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
a.
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
b.
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
c.
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with points (h) and (i) of Article 9(2) as well as Article 9(3) EU-GDPR;
d.
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89(1) in so far as the right referred to in paragraph 7.4.1 is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing; or
e.
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.5 Notification obligation
If you have asserted the right of rectification, erasure or restriction of processing to the controller, the controller will communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing to each recipient to whom your personal data has been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You have the right to request that the controller inform you about those recipients.
7.6 Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data has been provided, where:
a.
the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR; and
b.
the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. This shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability shall not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
7.7 Right to object
You have the right to object, on grounds relating your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR, including profiling based on those provisions. The controller will no longer process your personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you may exercise your right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
7.8 Right to withdraw the declaration of consent regarding data protection
Insofar as you have given your consent for reasons of data protection, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
For details on withdrawal of consent for newsletters see section 6, and for tracking cookies see section 4.
7.9 Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including
profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This will not
apply if the decision:
a.
is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and a data controller;
b.
is authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays downsuitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
c.
is based on the data subject's explicit consent.
Decisions referred to in the points above are not based on special categories of personal data referred to in Article 9(1), unless point (a) or (g) of Article 9(2) EU GDPR applies and suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests are in place.
In the cases referred to in points (a) and (c) of this section, the controller will implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express your point of view and to contest the decision.
7.10 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes this Regulation.
The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged will inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 EU-GDPR
7.11. Lawfulness of processing
If we obtain the data subject’s consent to the processing of his or her personal data, point (a) of Article 6(1) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis for processing.
If processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract, point b of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.
If processing of personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which our company is subject, point (c) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR provides the legal basis.
If processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person, point (d) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR provides the legal basis.
If the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of Rohde & Schwarz or a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, then point (f) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing. The legitimate interest of our company lies in the performance of our business activities.
8. Links to third-party websites
Rohde & Schwarz websites may contain links to other websites. If you follow these links, you will leave the Rohde & Schwarz websites and also the scope of validity of this statement, which does not cover other such websites. Rohde & Schwarz cannot assume any responsibility whatsoever, neither for the privacy policy nor the content of these other websites.
9. Contact form and email traffic
Contact forms are available on Rohde & Schwarz websites for contact purposes or to access promotional material. The data you submit on the form will be transferred to Rohde & Schwarz and saved.
Data that is transferred includes all information entered into the form. This may include name, email address, company name, country, or address.
Contacting us by email is also possible. In this case, the personal data you send by email will be stored.
10. Storage period of personal data
Your personal data will only be stored by Rohde & Schwarz (and, if applicable, by its service providers) for as long as allowed, in particular as long as the data is required for the agreed purpose or for compliance with legal obligations. When the purpose of the processing no longer exists, the data is erased.
11. Changes to the statement of privacy
Rohde & Schwarz reserves the right to change this statement at any time. We would therefore ask that you check the statement of privacy at regular intervals. If substantial changes are made, a notification to that effect will be published on our homepage.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/data-privacy-and-security/:
Documentation
Discover Dynatrace
What's new
Ingest data from
Observe
Secure
Analyze, Explore, and Automate
Deliver
Manage your Dynatrace
Dynatrace Platform Subscription (DPS)
Dynatrace classic licensing
Credential vault
Segments
Dynatrace Hub
Account Management
Data privacy and security
Data privacy
Data security
Data privacy and security configuration
Identity and access management
Network zones
Tags and metadata
Settings 2.0
System notifications
Collapse
Data privacy and security
Privacy laws around the globe are improving the protection of personal data in response to an evolving technology landscape, increased globalization, and complex international data flows. Companies are held accountable for transparency, fairness, and accuracy in how they collect, store, use, and protect personal data.
At Dynatrace, we take our responsibility to safeguard your data seriously. Have a look at the following resources to understand how your organization can maximize data protection provided by Dynatrace.
Data privacy overview
Dynatrace policies in Trust Center
﻿
Data protection at Dynatrace
Personal data captured by Dynatrace
Levels of data protection
Data security
Data security controls
Secure development controls
Report a security-related concern
Environment-wide settings
Configure data privacy settings
Role-based permissions
Define request attribute rules
Mark request attributes as confidential
Manage audit logs
Cookies
Data retention periods
Adaptive Data Retention
Real User Monitoring
Configure data privacy settings for web applications
Configure data privacy settings for mobile applications
Define URL cleanup rules
Create custom user action names for web applications
Personal data captured for RUM
Data retention periods
Detection of IP addresses, geolocations, and user agents
Firewall constraints for RUM
User privacy for iOS
Data safety form for Android
Session Replay
Configure Session Replay for web applications
Mask sensitive data for Session Replay on iOS
Mask sensitive data for Session Replay on Android
Personal data captured for Session Replay
Data retention periods
Data privacy APIs
Data privacy API
Anonymization API
Audit logs API
OpenTelemetry
Mask sensitive data
Log Monitoring
Log Management and Analytics
Sensitive log data masking on source with OneAgent
Sensitive data masking on write (during ingest) with Log Processing
Bucket assignment
Personal data captured for Log Monitoring
Log Management and Analytics compliance in Dynatrace
Log Monitoring Classic
Sensitive log data masking with OneAgent
Sensitive data masking on write (during ingest) with Log Processing
Management zones and ingested log data (Logs Classic)
Personal data captured for Log Monitoring
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. For more information, you can read our Privacy Notice. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of non-strictly necessary cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, assist in our marketing efforts, and that we may share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. You can reject all non-strictly-necessary cookies by clicking ‘Reject All'.
Privacy Notice
Manage Preferences
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit Dynatrace websites, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information, you can read Dynatrace Privacy Notice.
Dynatrace Privacy Notice
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 3
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.dynamicyield.com/privacy-policy/:
DYNAMIC YIELD
PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective Date: January 4th, 2024.
This Privacy Notice (the “
Notice
”) is provided by Dynamic Yield Ltd. (“
Dynamic Yield
,” “
DY
”, “
we
,” or “
us
”). Dynamic Yield respects your privacy.
1. Personal Information We May Collect
2. How We May Use Your Personal Information
3. How We Share Your Personal Information
4. Your Rights and Choices
5. How We Protect Your Personal Information
6. Data Transfers
7. Features and Links to Other Websites
8. Children’s Data Policy
9. California Resident Privacy Policy
10. Updates to This Privacy Notice
11. How to Contact Us
This Notice describes the types of Personal Information we collect, the purposes for which we process that Personal Information, the parties with whom we may share it and the measures we take to protect its security. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Please note that we also act on behalf of and under the instructions of merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
 DY has recently been acquired by Mastercard. For more information about Mastercard’s privacy practices in other contexts, please visit Mastercard’s Global Privacy Notice at
https://www.mastercard.us/en-us/about-mastercard/what-we-do/privacy.html
.
1.
Personal Information We May Collect
We may collect the following types of Personal Information:
Registration Information.
Other information you choose to provide.
Device Information.
Usage Information.
Learn More +
For the purpose of this Notice, unless otherwise specified, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. In connection with the provision of our product and services, including our website
https://www.dynamicyield.com
(the “
Website
”), we obtain Personal Information relating to you from the various sources described below.
If you do not provide your Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to use our Website if that Personal Information is necessary to provide you with our Website or if we are legally required to collect it. Where required by applicable law, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so.
Personal Information Provided by You
Registration Information.
As part of our registration process (e.g., when requesting a demo), we collect your phone number, full name, e-mail address, and details regarding the company you work for if required to provide you with our product and services.
Other information you choose to provide.
You may choose to provide us with other information. We collect your Personal Information when you purchase our services (including financial information), respond to communications from us, contact our support, communicate with us via email, our Website and through any online platform. We may also record telephone conversations, subject to the consent of the participants in the call.
Personal Information We Obtain from Your Interaction with our Website
Device Information.
We collect Personal Information from your device, such as IP address and other online identifiers (i.e., online data collected from your devices, applications and protocols which leave traces which may be used to identify you).
Usage Information.
We collect information that we or our technology providers may automatically collect when you visit, access, or use the Website, such as your internet service provider, domain server, type of computer, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections/features of our Website you visit/utilize, number of links you click while on the Website, search terms, and operating system. We may also collect statistical and other data related to your use of our Website or other services as well as information on Website usage patterns.
To collect the above information, we may use session identifiers, web beacons, cookies, JavaScript tags, and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive that contains information about your online behavior, as well as your device. You can learn more on the cookies we use and control your preferences through our Website's cookie management tool –
Cookie Settings
.
We use this information to improve our online products and services by assessing how many users access or use our online products and services, which content, products and features of our online products and services most interest our visitors, what types of offers our customers like to see and how our online products and services perform from a technical point of view.
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you in connection with our marketing activities. The information collected for these purposes may include identifiers and your contact information (e.g., name, email address, telephone number), device information (e.g., username, password, IP address), Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from Personal Information.
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your individual interests based on inferences drawn from Personal Information. The information collected for these purposes may include Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as details about things like the particular pages you view on our Website and the actions you take on our Website.
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as social media tools to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a link or post directly to your social media account. When you visit a website that contains such tools, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. However, your interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platforms. As we do not control these third-parties’ data handling practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms or use and license agreements (if any). For further details, please consult Section 7 (“
Features and Links to Other Websites
”) of this Privacy Notice.
View Summary -
2.
How We May Use Your Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information:
To operate our Website.
To complete your registration.
To deidentify and aggregate your Personal Information.
To communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest updates, including for marketing, promotion, and advertising purposes.
To perform research or to conduct analytics in order to improve our products and services.
To deliver content tailored to your interests.
To respond to your queries.
To support and troubleshoot our Website.
To investigate violations and enforce our policies, and as required by law, regulation or other governmental authority, or to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request.
To manage our customer, vendor and partner relationships.
Learn More +
We set out below the purposes for which we process Personal Information. We indicate the categories of Personal Information per processing purpose. Depending on the country in which you are located, we will  will only process your Personal Information, where permitted under applicable laws and when we have a legal basis for the processing as identified in the table below. However, please note that even though the chart below does not list consent as a legal basis for each processing activity, in some countries consent is the only or most appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Information, and in those countries, we rely on consent.
Processing purpose
Legal basis
Categories of Personal Information
To operate our Website
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of operating our Website.
Registration Information
Other information you choose to provide
Device Information
Usage Information
To complete your registration, create and manage any accounts you may have with us, verify your identity, provide our services, and respond to your queries
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of completing your registration, creating and managing accounts and verifying your identity, and responding to your inquiries.
Registration Information
Sensory Information
Other information you choose to provide
To deidentify and aggregate your Personal Information
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of anonymizing Personal Information and preparing and furnishing aggregated data reports; or
The processing is undertaken for statistical and/or research purposes (in jurisdictions where this legal ground is available) and training our AI.
To the extent we maintain or otherwise process deidentified or anonymized information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified or anonymized form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Registration Information
Other information you choose to provide
Device Information
Usage Information
To communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest updates, including for marketing, promotion, and advertising purposes
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of promoting our business.
When we send electronic direct marketing communications, or when we tailor our advertising, we will obtain individuals’ prior consent if required in accordance with applicable laws.
Registration Information
Device Information
Other information you choose to provide
To perform research or to conduct analytics in order to improve our products and services
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of improving our products or services.
Registration Information
Device Information
Usage Information
To deliver content tailored to your interests
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of providing you personalized services and recommendations.
When we are required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to tailor content to your interests.
Registration Information
Device Information
Usage Information
Other information you choose to provide
To support and troubleshoot our Website
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring the safety, security and performance of our Website.
Registration Information
Device Information
Usage Information
To investigate violations and enforce our policies, and as required by law, regulation or other governmental authority, or to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of enforcing our policies.
Registration Information
Device Information
Usage Information
To manage our customer, vendor and partner relationships (which may include business contact information)
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of managing our customer, supplier and vendor relationships.
Registration Information
Other information you choose to provide
View Summary -
3.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share Personal Information with:
Mastercard’s headquarters in the U.S., our affiliates and other entities within Mastercard’s group of companies.
Third-Party Business Partners.
Social Networks.
As Required By Law.
In the event of a sale or transfer of our business or assets.
Third-Party Service Providers.
Learn More +
We may share your Personal Information with the following recipients for the purposes set out below:
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We share your Personal Information with our subsidiaries and affiliates that are part of the Mastercard group of companies, for the purposes described in this Notice.
Third-Party Business Partners.
We partner with a variety of businesses to market or sell our products or services (for example we can disclose your Personal Information to advertising partners, analytics providers). If you have opted out of our ability to use your e-mail address, we may share your decision to opt out with third parties to comply with your decision.
Social Networks.
Our Website may include links to other third-party websites, social media tools, widgets or plug-ins, permitting us to share web content with Social Networks when you directly engage with those platforms. For further details, please consult Section 7 (
Features and Links to Other Websites
).
As Required By Law.
We share your Personal Information if required by law in order to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities or to respond to legal process, court orders, subpoenas, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We also disclose your Personal Information to any government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency in response to lawful requests by applicable local law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies, or agencies with responsibility to oversee and enforce national security.
Sale of Business.
We share your Personal Information as part of or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our shares or stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.
Third-Party Service Providers.
For the purpose of providing and operating the Website and other services, we share your Personal Information with trusted third-party service providers that require access to such data for the purpose of providing the related services to us, such as ISPs, OS/platform, storage and analytics providers.
View Summary -
4.
Your Rights and Choices
Depending on your country, you may have the right to:
Access your Personal Information, receive a copy of it, rectify it, restrict or object to its processing, request its deletion, or transmit it to another company.
Withdraw any consent provided.
Opt-out from receiving marketing communications.
Where applicable, lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority.
Learn More +
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer information to another company.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
Opt-out from receiving marketing communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in such communications.
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
If you reside in the United States, you may have additional rights as described in our “
U.S. Privacy Addendum
”.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, contact us as specified in the "
How To Contact Us
" section below.
View Summary -
5.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain appropriate security safeguards to protect your Personal Information and only retain it for a limited period of time.
Learn More +
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Information in our possession. The types of measures we take vary depending on the type of data, and how it is collected and stored. We restrict access to Personal Information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to operate our Website and to provide our products and services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. We also take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
View Summary -
6.
Data Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Information outside of your country, including to the United States, in compliance with the Mastercard Binding Corporate Rules and other data transfer mechanisms.
Learn More +
We are a global business. We may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to recipients in countries other than your country, including the United States. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice, or as disclosed to you at the time of data collection.
We comply with applicable legal requirements, including obtaining consent where required, when transferring Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located. In particular, we have established and implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) that have been recognized by EEA data protection authorities as providing an adequate level of protection to the Personal Information we process globally. A copy of our EEA BCRs is available
here
(
https://www.mastercard.us/content/dam/mccom/global/documents/mastercard-bcrs.pdf
). We equally rely on UK BCRs to transfer Personal Information outside of the United Kingdom. A copy of our UK BCRs is available
here
. (
https://www.mastercard.us/content/dam/mccom/global/documents/mastercard-bcrs.pdf
)
We may also transfer Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued (see list of countries for which the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision
here
(
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en
); see list of countries which the Swiss Federal Council has determined to provide for adequate data protection legislation
here
(
https://www.fedlex.admin.ch/eli/cc/2022/568/en#annex_1
)), use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses or their equivalent under applicable law, or rely on other data transfer mechanisms where applicable. Depending on your country, you may contact us as specified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of your jurisdiction.
When we conduct international transfers of Personal Information, we will always ensure to comply with requirements stipulated under applicable laws.
View Summary -
7.
Features and Links to Other Websites
Our Website may display links to the sites of other companies, including those of our enterprise clients. We are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Learn More +
Our Website may display links to the sites of other companies, including those of our enterprise clients. We are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies by visiting their respective websites, apps, etc.
View Summary -
8.
Children’s Data Policy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Notice by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through the Website without their permission. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, you should contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below. If we become aware that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
9.
U.S. Privacy Addendum
This U.S. Privacy Addendum section supplements the information contained in the Notice. This U.S. Privacy Addendum applies to residents in the United States whose states have passed state specific privacy laws.
Additional disclosure for California residents:
The remainder of this section applies when we collect Personal Information as a business under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199) and its implementing regulations, as amended (including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) or superseded from time to time (“
CCPA
”). This Notice does not apply to Personal Information we collect when we are acting as a service provider to process Personal Information on behalf of our business customers to whom we provide services.
Additional disclosures for U.S. residents, other than California Residents: If you are a U.S. resident from whom we collect Personal Data as a controller, you may have certain rights under an applicable U.S. state privacy law. You may rely on the disclosures in the Notice regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information as well as the choices you can make related to your personal information. You (or, where permitted by law, your authorized agent) can exercise your rights by submitting a request as described in Section e. (“Your Privacy Rights”) below. Please refer to Section e. (“Your Privacy Rights”) below for more information on exercises these rights.
Learn More +
Personal Information Collection and Disclosure
For the purposes of this notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, or as otherwise defined by the CCPA.
Personal Information does not include information that is publicly available, deidentified, or aggregated (as those terms are defined in the CCPA) or otherwise excluded from the scope of the CCPA
Personal Information does not include information that is:
Lawfully made available from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated.
Otherwise excluded from the scope of the CCPA.
The chart below provides the categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated. The examples of Personal Information provided for each category reflect each category’s statutory definition and may not reflect all of the specific types of Personal Information associated with each category.
Category
Identifiers
Examples:
Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80
Examples:
Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Commercial Information
Examples:
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Examples:
Browsing history, search history, IP address, browser type, operating system and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application or advertisement.
Geolocation Data
Example:
General location data such as your city, state, country or IP Address.
Sensory Information
Examples:
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Inferences Drawn from Personal Information
Examples:
Preferences or other consumer characteristics and interests.
Use of Personal Information
We collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with the specific business and commercial purposes below:
Providing Services:
Providing our services.
Communicating:
Communicating with you, providing you with updates and other information relating to our services and products, providing information that you request, responding to comments and questions, and otherwise providing support.
Marketing:
Marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
Personalization:
Personalizing your experience on our services, such as presenting tailored content.
Facilitating Payments:
Facilitating transactions and payments.
Deidentification and Aggregation:
Deidentifying and aggregating information collected through our services and using it for lawful purposes.
Safety Issues:
Responding to trust and safety issues that may arise.
Compliance:
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Auditing Interactions:
Auditing related to your interaction with our services and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with other standards.
Fraud and Incident Prevention:
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging:
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Transient Use:
Short-term, transient use.
Contracting Vendors:
Contracting with vendors and service providers to perform services on our behalf or on their behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Research:
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Improving Our Services:
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our services.
Enabling Transactions:
Otherwise enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
Notified Purpose:
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
Collection of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
You/Your Devices:
You or your devices directly.
Users:
Other users of our services.
Affiliates.
Advertising Networks.
ISPs:
Internet service providers.
Analytics Providers.
OS/Platform Provider:
Operating systems and platforms.
Social Networks.
Disclosures of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, we disclosed Personal Information to the following categories of third parties:
Advertising Providers:
Advertising technology companies, such as advertising networks.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Device Information; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data.
ISPs:
Internet service providers.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Device Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data.
Analytics Providers.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Device Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data.
OS/Platform Providers:
Operating systems and platforms.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Information or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
Social Networks.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Device Information; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Information or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
Affiliates.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers, Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Information or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information.
Vendors:
Vendors and service providers.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Information or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information.
Third Parties in Merger/Acquisition:
Third parties in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer.
Personal Information we share: Identifiers, Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Information or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information.
Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access.
You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information collected, sold, or disclosed by us; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or sold by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; (4) categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or sold Personal Information; and (5) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months.
Right to Delete.
Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
Verification.
Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations. To verify your access or deletion request, please provide us with your email address.
Right to Opt Out.
In some circumstances, you may opt out of the sale of your Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information or “share” Personal Information with third parties for targeted advertising, and we do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Right to Equal Service and Price.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations.
Submit Requests.
To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please send an email to
privacy@dynamicyield.com
or through the contact page:
https://www.dynamicyield.com/contact/
Authorizing an Agent.
If you are acting as an authorized agent to make a request to know, delete, or opt out on behalf of a California resident, please send an email to
privacy@dynamicyield.com
and attach a written authorization signed by the resident.
View Summary -
10.
Updates to This Privacy Notice
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices.
Learn More +
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our Personal Information practices. We will notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated. If we update this Privacy Notice, in certain circumstances, we may seek your consent.
View Summary -
11.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Notice, or your privacy rights, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@dynamicyield.com with “PRIVACY NOTICE” or “PRIVACY RIGHTS” in the subject line or at the contact information on our Contact Us page at
https://www.dynamicyield.com/contact/
.
Learn More +
If you have questions about this Notice, or your privacy rights, please contact us:
- via e-mail at
privacy@dynamicyield.com
with “PRIVACY NOTICE” or “PRIVACY RIGHTS” in the subject line, or
- at the contact information on our Contact Us page at
https://www.dynamicyield.com/contact/
, or
- via letter to our physical address: Dynamic Yield Ltd., Data Privacy Matters, One Tower, Abba Hillel Silver Rd 21, Ramat Gan, Israel, 5252213,
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, Dynamic Yield Ltd. is the entity responsible (i.e., data controller) for the processing of your Personal Information. You can contact us as described above
The EU Representative of Dynamic Yield Ltd. is:
Dynamic Yield GmbH
c/o MAZARS Tax GmbH
Theodor-Stern Kai 1
60596 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
View Summary -
Sub-policy 5
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy:
blank
blank
blank
blank
blank
Skip to content
Terms & Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Academy Terms
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Trademark Usage
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Terms of Service
Definitions
Intercom Services
Customer Data and Customer Obligations
Security
Third-Party Platforms and Third Party Messaging Apps
Ownership
Subscription Term, Fees & Payment
Term and Termination
Limited Warranty
Availability
Support
Limitation of Remedies and Damages
Indemnification
Confidential Information
Publicity
General Terms
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Purpose and Scope
Personal Data Collected by Intercom
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Retention of Your Personal Data
Transfers of Your Personal Data
How We Store and Safeguard Personal Data
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Children’s Privacy
Changes to this Notice and Questions
Collection and Use of Personal Data of California Residents
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Scope
RDH Services
Exhibit A to the RDH Addendum: European Data Hosting
Exhibit B to the RDH Addendum: Australian Data Hosting
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies and similar technologies and the processing of personal data
What are cookies?
Why do we use cookies?
What type of cookies do we use and what are they used for?
Security Policy
Overview
Security Team
Best Practices
Infrastructure
Data
Data Transfer
Authentication
Permissions and Admin Controls
Application Monitoring
Security Audits and Certifications
Customer Responsibilities
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Permission to Use the Site
User Content
Restrictions on User Content and Your Conduct
Intellectual Property Rights in User Content
User Content You Post Becomes Public
We Are Not Responsible for User Content
Proprietary Rights
Enforcement of Copyrights
Notify Us of Infringers
How to Communicate with Us
Site Availability
Links to Other Sites
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Termination and Suspension
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General Terms
Academy Terms
Intercom Academy Terms
Access
Participant Responsibilities
Restrictions on Use
Badges
Ownership
Feedback
Privacy
Suspension and Termination
Disclaimer
Modifications
Independent Contractors
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Our Code Of Conduct
Speak Up
Potential Consequences Of Code Violations
Promote Labor, Employment, And Immigration Compliance
Prevent Harassment And Discrimination
Conflicts Of Interest
Keep Clear And Accurate Financial Records
Business Partner Relationships
Zero-Tolerance For Corruption
Avoid Improper Gifts And Entertainment
Respect Trade Controls
Keep Intercom Secrets Safe
Protect Intercom Assets And Promote Our Solutions
Protect Our Employee And Customer Information
Fair Competition
Use Social Media Responsibly
Promote Sustainability
Protect And Celebrate Our Culture
Trademark Usage
Intercom Marks and License
Permissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Impermissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Termination
Ownership
No Warranties
Your Liability for Third-Party Claims
Additional Legal
Questions
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Summary
Bribery and Kickbacks
Records and Reporting
Applicability and Enforcement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Labor and Employment Laws
Anti Corruption Laws
Competition
International Trade and Export Controls
Recordkeeping, Financial Integrity, and Honest and Accurate Dealings
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information
Raising Issues and Concerns
Certification and Application
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Effective day
1 November 2024
1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE
1.1 At Intercom, we respect your privacy and data protection rights and recognize the importance of protecting the personal data we collect and process. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you to understand what personal data we collect about you and how we use and share it.
1.2 When we refer to Intercom, we mean Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, a company registered in Ireland with offices at 124 St Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, DC02 C628; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Intercom Software UK Limited, a private limited company registered in the United Kingdom ("
UK
") with offices at Level 9, the Warehouse 207-211 Old St, London, EC1V 9NR UK; Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, a company registered in Australia with offices at 285A Crown St. Surry Hills NSW 2010, Australia, 1st Floor, Sydney, and Intercom's group companies ("
Intercom
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
").
1.3 This Privacy Policy applies to you if you:
interact with any of Intercom’s websites (including
www.intercom.com
and
www.intercom.io
) or our social media pages (collectively, the "Sites") ("
website users
");
visit any of Intercom’s premises ("
office visitors
");
attend an Intercom event or an event which Intercom sponsors ("
event attendees
");
use Intercom's communication and messaging products, customer workspaces, mobile applications, and our other applications and services (collectively, the "
Intercom Services
") ("
customers
");
are a marketing prospect, who is anyone whose data Intercom processes for the purposes of assessing customer eligibility ("
marketing prospect
"); or
receive marketing communications from Intercom.
The below Privacy Policy applies to you irrespective of where you are based. There are certain additional parts of the Privacy Policy that will apply to you where you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or California. These additional parts do not apply to everyone.
1.4 For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (or any successor or equivalent legislation in the UK) ("
GDPR
"), either Intercom R&D Unlimited Company or Intercom, Inc., Intercom Software UK Limited, Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, or any other Intercom group company from time to time, is the controller of your personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY INTERCOM
2.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE
The personal data that we collect about you broadly falls into the categories set out in the following table. Some of this information you provide voluntarily when you interact with the Intercom Services and Sites, or when you attend an event or visit our premises. Other types of information may be collected automatically from your device, such as device data and service data. From time to time, we may also receive personal data about you from third party sources (as further described in the table).
Registration, contact, and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
avatars;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom Services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
how you interact with our emails;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
date and time;
pages viewed;
links clicked.
Third party source data:
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
addresses;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
contact enrichment and lead generation providers; and
targeted online advertising providers
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
company name;
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Third party source data:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
The event organizer
Registration and contact information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type and language;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
session date and time;
activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from - and last contacted);
pages viewed;
links clicked;
language preferences
tags applied within customer accounts
Intercom assigned user identifier.
Third party source data
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone number;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
Our identity resolution and insight management provider; and
Our geolocation IP intelligence provider
2.2 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some device data, service data and third party source data is collected through the use of first or third party cookies and similar technologies. The Intercom Messenger service (and specifically the domains widget.intercom.io and api-iam.intercom.io) does not collect, retain, or share data regarding a particular user's activity across multiple websites or applications that are not owned by Intercom. Intercom does assign each user a unique user ID within the scope of an individual website, but does not collect or retain IP or any information that would allow Intercom to identify the same particular user on more than one website. For more information, please see Intercom's
Cookie Policy
.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
3. HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes and, if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK or Switzerland, on the following legal bases:
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to perform our contract with you for use of our Services and Sites and to fulfill our obligations under applicable terms of service. Where we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests to operate and administer the Intercom Services and Sites. For example, to create, administer and manage your account.
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
: We may send you service, technical and other administrative messages in reliance on our legitimate interests in administering the Intercom Services. For example, we may send you messages about the availability or security of the Intercom Services. We also process your personal data to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer care and support. When we have entered into an agreement with you, we process your personal data as necessary to meet our contractual obligations to you.
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to improve and optimize the Intercom Services and Sites and to understand how you use the Intercom Services and Sites, including to monitor usage or traffic patterns and to analyze trends and develop new products, services, features and functionality in reliance on our legitimate interests or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Sending marketing communications
: We process your personal data to send you marketing communications via email, post or SMS about our products, services and upcoming events that might interest you in reliance on our legitimate interests or where we seek your consent. Please see the "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section below to learn how you can control your marketing preferences.
Registering office visitors
: We process your personal data for security reasons and for the purpose of hosting your visit to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in protecting our premises and confidential information against unauthorized access and the safety of our staff and office visitors.
Managing event registrations and attendance
: We process your personal data to plan and host events for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the successful organization of the event, as well as providing you with relevant information regarding your participation.
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to control unauthorized use or abuse of the Intercom Services and Sites, or otherwise detect, investigate or prevent activities that may violate Intercom policies or applicable laws, in reliance on our legitimate interests to maintain and promote the safety and security of the Intercom Sites and Services.
Displaying personalized advertisements
: We process your personal data to advertise to you and to provide personalized information, including by serving and managing advertisements on our Sites and on third party sites, in reliance on our legitimate interests to support our marketing activities and advertise our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
: including invoicing, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring efficient business operations and on the necessity to comply with legal obligations.
Complying with legal obligations
: We process your personal data when cooperating or complying with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws and to protect against imminent harm to our rights, property or safety, or that of our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
3.2 In certain circumstances, we may collect your personal data on a different legal basis. If we do, or if we use your personal data for purposes that are not compatible with, or are materially different than, the purposes described in this notice or the point of collection, we will explain how and why we use your personal data in a supplementary notice at or before the point of collection. Where we refer to legal bases in this section we mean the legal grounds on which organizations can rely when processing personal data.
3.3 Please note these legal bases only apply to you if you are resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland.
3.4 If you have any questions about our legal bases for processing your personal data, please contact us through our
Privacy Request Form
.
4. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 We may disclose some or all of the personal data we collect to the following third parties:
To Intercom Group Companies:
Intercom Inc.;
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company;
Intercom Software UK Limited;
Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd;
Any such other group companies, as may be added to this list from time to time.
Service Providers:
Consultants and vendors engaged by us to support our provision of the Intercom Services and Sites and the operation of our business;
Any such other Service Providers, as may be added to the
Subprocessor list
, from time to time.
Advertising Partners:
Third party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your activity on the Intercom Services and other online services over time to serve you online targeted advertisements, including the companies listed in the third-party cookies section of our
Cookie Policy
.
Professional Advisors:
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with Law Enforcement:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Business Transfers:
Parties to transactions or potential transactions (and their professional advisors) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests of Intercom Group Companies (including, as part of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
4.2
Aggregated or anonymized information
. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties for other purposes. Such information does not identify you individually, but may include usage, viewing and technical information such as the websites you generally use, the configuration of your computer, and performance metrics related to the use of websites which we collect through our technology, products and services. If we are required under applicable law to treat such information as personal data, then we will only disclose it as described above. Otherwise, we may disclose such information for any reason.
4.3
Third party websites
. The Sites may also contain links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information processed by us. You should contact the relevant third party websites for more information about how your personal data is processed by them.
5. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Note that content you post may remain on the Sites even if you cease using the Sites or we terminate access to the Sites.
6. TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6.1 The Intercom Services and Sites, and our messenger domains are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, we may transfer, and process, your personal data outside of the country in which you are resident to other Intercom Group Companies and our service providers including to, Ireland, the UK, Australia and other such countries as we deem appropriate from time to time. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We will protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed.
6.2 Certain recipients (our service providers and other companies) who process your personal data on our behalf may also transfer personal data outside the country in which you are resident. Where such transfers occur, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect your personal data.
6.3 If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal data when it is transferred outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data; or otherwise ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data. For transfers of your personal data to:
Intercom Group Companies based in the US, we rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“
UK-U.S. DPF
”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
;
other Intercom Group Companies based outside of the US, we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA); and
recipients who are located outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we rely on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK-U.S. DPF or Swiss-U.S. DPF where those recipients are located in the US or for onward transfers from the US, and otherwise we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA).
6.4 Intercom, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Intercom, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
6.5 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Intercom through our
Privacy Request Form
.
6.6 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“
DPAs
“), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (“
GRA
“) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“
FDPIC
“) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Under certain conditions, it may be possible to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, see
here
for additional information.
Intercom, Inc. remains responsible if its service provider, when acting on its behalf, processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Intercom, Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
7. HOW WE STORE AND SAFEGUARD PERSONAL DATA
We care about protecting personal data. That is why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to secure your personal data. You can find out more about our technical and organizational safeguards on our Security page:
https://www.intercom.com/security
.
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
8.1 Depending on your location and subject to applicable laws, you may have certain data protection rights. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time.
You can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that it may not be possible to opt-out of certain service-related communications. You can let us know at any time if you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us using the contact details below.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and the UK are available
here
.
8.2 You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
.
8.3 If you are a California resident, you can find information about how we use your personal data and about your privacy rights in
Section 11
of this notice.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services and Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. Intercom does not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, you may not attempt to register for our Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from someone under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information promptly. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 16 and believe that a child has provided us with their personal data, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND QUESTIONS
10.1 We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update it, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. If we make material updates to this Privacy Policy we will update the effective date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
10.2 We have appointed a Data Protection Officer responsible for managing and addressing inquiries related to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way your personal data is being used or processed by Intercom, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form or by using the Contact Us link in the footer of this page.
11. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
11.1 SCOPE
Except as otherwise provided, this Section 11 applies only if you are a California resident. For purposes of this section, "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("
CPRA
"), and any regulations promulgated under either law, in each case, as amended from time to time.
This Section 11 does not apply to;
information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
activities governed by a different privacy notice, such as notices we give to California personnel or job candidates; or
Personal Information we collect, use, and share on behalf of our customers as a "
service provider
" under the CCPA.
11.2 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
Right to Information/Know
You can request whether we have collected your Personal Information, and in certain cases, the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom Personal Information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Correction
. You can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. While we do not sell Personal Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver targeted ads (also known as interest-based ads) to you, as we have described in the “How and Why We Use Your Personal Data” section above. The CCPA classifies our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services, from which you have the right to opt-out.
Right to Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination prohibited by the CCPA.
11.3 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Information/Know, Access, Correction, and Deletion
. You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
or by mailing us at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, Attention: Compliance.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by using our
Your Privacy Choices
. Your request to opt-out will apply only to the browser and the device from which you submit the request.
Verification of Identity
. We will need to verify your identity to process your information/know, access, correction, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Authorized Agents
. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
11.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE
The table below describes our Personal Information practices by reference to the categories in the “Personal Data Collected by Intercom” section above and the categories described in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140(v)) and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described below. Note that:
We do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
CCPA statutory category
Personal Information “PI” we collect in this category
Business/commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties with whom we “share” PI
Identifiers
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Professional or employment- related data
Registration, contact, and company information
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Financial information
Payment information
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Internet or network information
Device data
Service data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Sensory information
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Inferences
Data derived from the above categories
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
This site uses cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") as strictly necessary for site operation. We and our partners also would like to set additional cookies to enable site performance analytics, functionality, advertising and social media features. See our
Cookie Policy
for details. You can change your cookie preferences in our Cookie Settings.
Reject All
Accept All
Manage your cookies