Welcome
At this moment you can use this PCB Toolkit for iOS to calculate:
Maximum conductor length / bandwidth- Conductor Impedance (also differential)
Via properties
Via θ (Thermal resistance), and for a via array
Low Pass Π-filter- Fusing current (Preece, Brooks & Onderdonk)
Maximum current or width for a trace
And also a reference to standard house stackups of JLCPCB, PCBWAY and Aisler is included.
I will add more calculations with updates. (One time buy, so you will get these updates without additional charge later)
Who am I? I am an electronics and programming amateur. When I'm designing a PCB I found myself ALT-TAB-ing a lot and decided to make an app to use next to Altium Designer. This app is not meant as a source of additional income to me, but buying IPC standards and books just cost money.
(It is an ongoing hobby-project :) )
With your purchase I can buy these and process them for use in this app.
The app is designed in a neutral color, so it will not disturb in all kinds of background-light conditions.
Privacy policy
Effective Date: 05-03-2023
In short: PCB-Toolkit doesn't gather data by it's IOS app.
We are committed to protecting Your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how We collect, use, store, share and protect the information collected through hurx.nl/pcb-toolkit (the “Website”).
In this Privacy Policy, "We", "Us", and "Our" refer to PCB Toolkit. For more information about Us, see “Our Details” at the end of this Policy.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to Our Terms and Conditions. Capitalized words used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions.
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online through the Website. This Privacy Policy applies where We are acting as a data controller with respect to the Personal Data of visitors, users, clients and customers (“You,” or “Your”); in other words, where We determine the purposes and means of the processing of that Personal Data.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY because it affects Your rights under the law. You confirm that You have read and agreed to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If You do not agree with this Privacy Policy, You cannot use, access, create or publish in the Website. This Privacy Policy may change as We continuously improve the Website, so please check it periodically.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean You accept those changes. If We intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to Personal Data already in Our possession, We will provide You with notice of the modifications or amendments.
Contents
Your Data Privacy Rights
California Privacy Rights
Changes And Updates
Assignment
Our Details
1 Your Data Privacy Rights
If You are a citizen of the EU, We have summarized the rights that You have under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in this Section. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in Our summaries. Accordingly, You should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Right to Access. You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not We process Your Personal Data and, where We do, access to the Personal Data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Data concerned and the recipients of the Personal Data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, We will supply to You a copy of Your Personal Data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
Right to Rectification. You have the right to have any inaccurate Personal Data about You rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete Personal Data about You completed.
Right to Erasure. In some circumstances You have the right to the erasure of Your Personal Data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the Personal Data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; You withdraw consent to consent-based processing; You object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the Personal Data have been unlawfully processed.
However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to Restrict Processing. In some circumstances You have the right to restrict the processing of Your Personal Data. Those circumstances are: You contest the accuracy of the Personal Data; processing is unlawful but You oppose erasure; We no longer need the Personal Data for the purposes of Our processing, but You require Personal Data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and You have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, We may continue to store Your Personal Data. However, We will only otherwise process it: with Your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object to Our processing of Your Personal Data on grounds relating to Your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in Us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Us or by a third party. If You make such an objection, We will cease to process the Personal Data unless We can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override Your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to Our processing of Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If You make such an objection, We will cease to process Your Personal Data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to Our processing of Your Personal Data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to Your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
Right to Data Portability. To the extent that the legal basis for Our processing of Your Personal Data is consent, or that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which You are party or in order to take steps at Your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, You have the right to receive Your Personal Data from Us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to Complain to a Supervisory Authority. If You consider that Our processing of Your Personal Data infringes data protection laws, You have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of Your habitual residence, Your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
Right to Withdraw Consent. To the extent that the legal basis for Our processing of Your Personal Data is consent, You have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of Your rights in relation to Your Personal Data through written notice to Us. See Our Contact Details at the end of this Policy.
2 California Privacy Rights
If You are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits You to request and obtain from We, information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data to the third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, free of charge, once a year.
We do not share Your Personal Data with third parties for those parties' direct marketing use. For more information about Our privacy and data collection policies, You may wish to review Our Privacy Policy.
California residents, who are under 18 and are registered users of We, are allowed to request and have removed, any content or information that they have posted publicly. However, in cases where the law does not require or allow the removal of information, this may not be applicable. This is under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581.
California Do Not Track Disclosure: We do not track the personally identifying information of Our users and visitors over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. We respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some other third-party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities so that they can tailor the information or advertising they present to You. If You wish to opt out of this tracking, You can enable privacy settings in Your browser.
3 Changes And Updates
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy, which We may update from time to time. If We modify the Privacy Policy, We will make it available through the Website, and indicate the date of the latest revision. Any material changes will be posted on this Website and will come into effect 30 Days after their posting.
In the event that the modifications materially alter Your rights or obligations hereunder, We will make reasonable efforts to notify You of the change. For example, We may send a message to Your email address, if We have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when You access the Website for the first time after such material changes are made. If You do not refuse the changes in writing before they become effective, this shall mean that You have consented to the Privacy Policy as changed. Your continued use of the Website after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that You have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
4 Assignment
We may change Our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website and Services. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Website. As a result, please be aware that in such event, We may transfer some or all of Your information to a company acquiring all or part of Our assets or to another company with which We have merged. Under such circumstances We would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, We cannot promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat Your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
5 Our Details
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy or if you need to make a request please contact us at: PCB-Toolkit (at) hurx.nl (Because of SPAM purposes changed the @)