Apps Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 15, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the
Free Privacy Policy Generator
.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Simple Tax App
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Simple Tax App.
Country
refers to: New Zealand
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: suziepaulin@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR plus with the requirements of Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy for your site and for your app.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy.
100% Free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue to Step 2 to Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy for your site & app
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you effectively protect your customers privacy while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the guidelines of the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
Features of the Free Privacy Policy Generator
1-minute questionnaire, free downloads to your PC, and more.
1-minute questionnaire
Our questionnaire takes only minutes. Start, answer our questions and your Privacy Policy is ready.
Compliance
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with the requirements of CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and others.
Guidance all the way
Our questionnaire is very easy to use and we're always here to help you if you have any questions. Just email us.
Download to your PC
Once you completed the questionnaire, you're free to download the Privacy Policy to your PC.
Free Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Answers to the most popular questions about our Free Privacy Policy Generator.
Yes, the Free Privacy Policy Generator is free to use. We provide free policies for websites and apps. You can choose to get our premium & professional Privacy Policy that includes more provisions & clauses to better protect your business, website or app.
Yes, we provide the HTML code of the Privacy Policy that you can simply copy-paste anywhere you'd like.
Yes, we provide free hosting for the Privacy Policy we help you create. You can link to your Privacy Policy from any website, regardless of the content management system or websit builder you use.
Yes, you can choose to include GDPR, CCPA + CPRA text to be added to your Privacy Policy.
How the Free Privacy Policy Generator works
Here's how easy it is to create a Privacy Policy.
01
Start the Free Privacy Policy Generator
02
Download the Free Privacy Policy
03
Add the Free Privacy Policy to your website
Sub-policy 1
https://www.paranormalcatalog.net/privacy-policy:
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
Accept
0
Ezoic Services
This website has an exclusive advertising contract with Ezoic Inc. (“Ezoic”), a renowned leader in website optimization, enhancing user experiences, optimizing ad performance, and generating revenue through advanced AI-powered technology.
Ezoic Services
This website uses the services of Ezoic Inc. (“Ezoic”), including to manage third-party interest-based advertising. Ezoic may employ a variety of technologies on this website, including tools to serve content, display advertisements and enable advertising to visitors of this website, which may utilize first and third-party cookies.
A cookie is a small text file sent to your device by a web server that enables the website to remember information about your browsing activity. First-party cookies are created by the site you are visiting, while third-party cookies are set by domains other than the one you're visiting. Ezoic and our partners may place third-party cookies, tags, beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to monitor interactions with advertisements and optimize ad targeting. Please note that disabling cookies may limit access to certain content and features on the website, and rejecting cookies does not eliminate advertisements but will result in non-personalized advertising. You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them
here
.
The following information may be collected, used, and stored in a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP address
Operating system type and version
Device type
Language preferences
Web browser type
Email (in a hashed or encrypted form)
Ezoic and its partners may use this data in combination with information that has been independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements across various platforms and websites. Ezoic’s partners may also gather additional data, such as unique IDs, advertising IDs, geolocation data, usage data, device information, traffic data, referral sources, and interactions between users and websites or advertisements, to create audience segments for targeted advertising across different devices, browsers, and apps. You can find more information about interest-based advertising and how to manage them
here
.
You can view Ezoic’s privacy policy
here
, or for additional information about Ezoic’s advertising and other partners, you can view Ezoic’s advertising partners
here
.
Privacy Policy
Paranormal Catalog has this privacy policy because we understand that it is important for you to know how we collect, store and use your personal information.
A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed on a device when it is browsing a website to enable the host of the website to store information about use of the website by that device. We use cookies and similar technologies for the following key purposes:
To keep track of products or services you view, so that we can send you, directly or through third parties, news about those products or services or other similar or related products or services from across the Group that we think you may be interested in
To measure traffic patterns, to determine which areas of our websites have been visited, and to measure transaction patterns in the aggregate
To research our users’ habits so that we can improve our products and services
To operate our websites efficiently with a high level of functionality
To measure the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives
To learn about your preferences so that we can present you with web content and advertising that is relevant to you
To measure the number of advertising referrals we have received to our websites from other websites
To produce data on web traffic and customer web activity through our website or apps
While we use cookies to improve our customers’ on-line experience, if you do not wish to allow cookies then you can choose to disable cookies (for all sites) from within your browser settings.
­
­
✕
Privacy & Transparency
paranormalcatalog.net and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 954 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.
Manage Settings
Reject All
Continue with Recommended Cookies
Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy