Privacy Policy
AnyPercent LLC (hereinafter referred to as "the Company") AnyPercent LLC (hereinafter referred to as "the Company") has established the following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") regarding the handling of personal information of users in the services provided on this app (hereinafter referred to as "the Services"). AnyPercent LLC ("the Company") has established the following privacy policy (the "Policy") regarding the handling of personal information of users in the services provided on this website (the "Services"). The following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") is set forth below.
The term "personal information" refers to "personal information" as defined in the Personal Information Protection Law, and includes information about living individuals that can be used to identify specific individuals by name, date of birth, address, telephone number, contact information, and other descriptions, as well as data related to appearance, fingerprints, voiceprints, and health insurance card insurer numbers. (2) Information that can identify a specific individual from said information alone, such as birth date, address, telephone number, contact information, and other descriptions.
We may ask for personal information such as name, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail address, bank account number, credit card number, and driver's license number when a user registers for use. In addition, transaction records and payment information, including the user's personal information, between the user and our partners (including information providers, advertisers, and advertisement distributors, etc.; hereinafter referred to as "partners") may be shared with our partners. Hereinafter referred to as "partners"). The information may be collected from our business partners (including information providers, advertisers, advertisement distributors, etc.).
The purposes for which we collect and use personal information are as follows. 1.
(1) To provide and operate our services
to respond to inquiries from users (including identification)
to send e-mail notifications of new features, updates, campaigns, etc. of the service the user is using, as well as information on other services provided by MCC
to contact you as necessary for maintenance, important notices, etc.
(1) To identify users who have violated the Terms of Use or who are attempting to use the Service for illegal or unjust purposes, and to refuse their use of the Service
to allow users to view, change, or delete their own registration information, or to view the status of their use of the service
(1) To bill users for paid services
for purposes incidental to the above purposes of use
the Company shall change the purpose of use of personal information only when it is reasonably recognized that the purpose of use is related to the purpose of use before the change.
In the event of a change in the purpose of use, the Company shall notify the User or publicly announce on the Website the purpose of use after the change by the method prescribed by the Company.
Except in the following cases, SBM will not provide personal information to a third party without the prior consent of the user. However, this excludes cases permitted under the Personal Information Protection Law and other laws and regulations. 1.
(1) When it is necessary for the protection of a person's life, body, or property, and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person
(1) Cases in which the provision of personal information is especially necessary for improving public health or promoting the sound growth of children, and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual concerned
1. when it is necessary to cooperate with a state organ, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either of the former two in executing affairs prescribed by laws and regulations, and obtaining the consent of the individual is likely to impede the execution of the affairs in question
(1) When the following matters are notified or publicized in advance, and when we have notified the Personal Information Protection Committee
(1) The purpose of use includes provision to a third party
1. the data items to be provided to the third party
1. the means or method of provision to a third party
(1) Cessation of provision of personal information to third parties at the request of the person in question
1. the method of accepting the request of the person in question
notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, in the following cases, the party to which the relevant information is provided shall not fall under the category of a third party.
(1) When we outsource all or part of the handling of personal information within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use
when personal information is provided as a result of the succession of business due to merger or other reasons
(1) Cases in which personal information is to be shared with a specific person, and in which the Company notifies the person or makes readily accessible to the person in advance to that effect, the items of personal information to be shared, the scope of the persons with whom the personal information will be shared, the purpose of use by the persons with whom the personal information will be shared, and the name of the person responsible for managing the personal information or the name of the person responsible for the management of said personal information is made readily accessible to the individual.
When we receive a request for disclosure of personal information from the person concerned, we will disclose it to the person concerned without delay. However, we may not disclose all or part of the information if disclosure would result in any of the following cases, and if we decide not to disclose the information, we will notify you to that effect without delay. A fee of 10,000 yen will be charged for each case of disclosure of personal information.
(1) When there is a risk of harm to the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of the person concerned or a third party
(1) If there is a risk of significant hindrance to the proper conduct of our business
(1) If it violates any other laws or regulations
notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, in principle, the Company will not disclose non-personal information such as historical information and characteristic information.
if the user's personal information held by the Company is incorrect, the user may request the Company to correct, add, or delete (hereinafter referred to as "correct, etc.") the user's personal information in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the Company. 1. If a user's personal information is inaccurate, the user may request that the Company correct, add, or delete (hereinafter referred to as "correct, etc.") the user's personal information through the procedures specified by the Company.
If we receive a request from a user as described in the preceding paragraph and determine that it is necessary to respond to the request, we will correct or delete the relevant personal information without delay. 1.
In the event that the Company makes a correction, etc. based on the preceding paragraph or decides not to make a correction, etc., the Company will notify the User of such decision without delay.
if the Company is requested by the User to cease use or delete (hereinafter referred to as "cease of use, etc.") his/her personal information on the grounds that it has been handled beyond the scope of the purpose of use or that it has been obtained by wrongful means, the Company will cease use of such information without delay. If a request is made to suspend the use of personal information (hereinafter referred to as "suspension of use, etc.") on the grounds that the information is handled beyond the scope of the purpose of use or that the information was obtained by wrongful means, we will conduct the necessary investigation without delay.
If, based on the results of the investigation in the preceding paragraph, we deem it necessary to comply with the request, we will suspend the use of the relevant personal information without delay. 1.
in the case of suspension of use, etc. based on the preceding paragraph, or in the case of a decision not to suspend the use of personal information, etc., the Company will notify the user of such decision without delay.
Notwithstanding the preceding two paragraphs, in the event that the suspension of use involves significant costs or is otherwise difficult to implement, and in the event that alternative measures can be taken to protect the rights and interests of the User, such alternative measures shall be taken.
The contents of this policy may be changed without notice to the user, except as otherwise provided by law or other regulations. 1.
Unless otherwise specified by the Company, the revised Privacy Policy shall take effect from the time it is posted on the Website.
For any inquiries regarding this policy, please contact the following
https://forms.gle/DsCH7TtURgvo5agN8
Above