Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This privacy policy (Policy) relates to your personal information in connection with your use of and access to the Skinscreener website (www.skinscreener.com/en), an accompanying phone and tablet application, and any platform, portal or interface provided by us (the Skinscreener Platform) and any services provided by Skinscreener (the Skinscreener Platform and services together forming the Skinscreener Services).
We are committed to protecting your information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our Policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us via
datenschutz@skinscreener.at
.
When you use the Skinscreener Services, you trust us with your information and we take your privacy very seriously. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue your use of the Skinscreener Services.
2. Changes to this Policy or your personal information
We review this Policy regularly and it is your responsibility to check regularly and determine whether you still agree to comply with the Policy. If you do not agree to any changes to this Policy then you must immediately stop using the Skinscreener Services. In the event we make any significant changes to this Policy we will use our reasonable endeavours to inform you of such changes in advance in writing.
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is true, complete, accurate and current. Accordingly, you must notify us of any changes to your personal information (for example, if you change your email address).
3. About us
The Skinscreener Services are owned and operated by medaia GmbH (trading as “Skinscreener”), a company registered in Austria with company number 524691f and whose registered office is situated at Am Eisernen Tor 5/1/12, 8010 Graz, Austria (Skinscreener/we/us/our). Skinscreener is the controller (also known as a data controller) of, and is responsible for, your personal information. The term “you” refers to the user wishing to access and/or use the Skinscreener Services.
The Skinscreener Platform provides a platform for you to access software tools that are designed to support and monitor your skin health, perform risk assessments of skin lesions, to provide information about further steps in skin healthcare based on the risk assessments and to increase awareness of skin health.
4. Information we may collect about you
4.1 Personal information you disclose to us
(a) Where and how we collect personal information
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering to use and actually using the Skinscreener Services, or otherwise contacting us.
More particularly, the personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make and the products and features you use. For example:
We collect personal information via our website, mobile applications and other technical systems.
We collect personal information when you use our website or mobile applications to sign up to, participate in or receive a service from us, for example where you contact us, request information online, report an issue, provide feedback or enter a live chat.
Our website also uses cookies and collects IP addresses (for more information on this, see our Cookie Policy).
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails). We may do this for a number of reasons, such as to check the quality of our customer service, for training purposes, to prevent fraud or to make sure we are complying with legal requirements.
(b) The types of personal information we may collect
When you use the Skinscreener Services and/or when you otherwise deal with us, we may collect the following information about you (the Information):
Identity Data, which includes your first name, last name and sex at birth .
Contact Data, which means the data we use to contact you including your billing address, delivery address, email address and contact number.
Financial Data, which means the payment method and card association used to process your payments for your subscription to our Services. We do not store or process your card details ourselves, they are processed and stored via one of our contracted third-party service providers. We encrypt your payment card details in your browser and securely transfer this data to our relevant third-party payment provider to process a payment.
Transaction Data, which means details about transactions you have made in connection with the Skinscreener Services, including the payments to and from you along with other details of products you have purchased from us.
Profile Data, which includes your username, email address and log-in data, details of any purchases or orders made by you, and your interests, preferences, feedback and survey or questionnaire responses.
Usage Data, which includes Information about how you use the Skinscreener Services. This includes your browsing patterns and Information such as how long you might spend on one of our webpages on the Skinscreener Platform and what you look at and for, the page that referred you to the Skinscreener Platform and the click stream during your visit to our website, page response times, and page interaction Information (for example, clicks you make on a page).
Health Data which includes information on your health including your skin health, moles or other skin lesions.
Marketing and Communications Data, which includes your preferences with regards to receiving marketing from us and your other communication preferences.
Other Information relevant to services, customer surveys, questionnaires and/or offers.
4.2 Sensitive personal information
Due to the nature of the Platform and the Services, you will be asked to provide sensitive personal information. When we request such information, we will explain why we are requesting it and how we will use it, either in this Policy or separately. Your name, sex assigned at birth and year of birth are only used for statistical and post-market surveillance reasons.
4.3 Information automatically collected
We automatically collect certain Information when you visit, use or navigate the Skinscreener Platform. This Information does not reveal your specific identity (unless your device name is the same as your name) but may include device and usage Information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, Information about how and when you use the Skinscreener Platform and other technical Information. This Information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of the Skinscreener Platform, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect Information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about this in our Cookie Policy.
5. How do we use your Information?
We use your Information collected via the Skinscreener Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your Information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (Business Purposes), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you (Contractual Reasons), with your consent (Consent), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (Legal Reasons). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We may process your Information for the following purposes:
To take steps towards entering into a contract with you, to provide the Skinscreener Services and to claim any right to be paid under our Terms & Conditions (Contractual Reasons). This includes collecting and using your personal information to:
Prepare an agreement with you;
Manage any accounts you hold with us;
Contact you for reasons related to the Skinscreener Services;
Enable us to follow up on enquiries made by you in relation to the Skinscreener Services and/or to provide information you have requested;
Deal with payment for the Skinscreener Services;
Notify you of any changes to our Platform or to the Skinscreener Services that may affect you; and
Resolve disputes or collect overdue payments.
To fulfill and manage any orders, payments or refunds in connection with the Skinscreener Services (Contractual Reasons).
To pass it onto our brand partners in connection with the fulfilment and management of your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges (Contractual Reasons).
To contact you regarding enquiries you have made in relation to the Skinscreener Services.
To send administrative Information to you for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual Reasons. We may use your Information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our Terms & Conditions and policies, as may be in place from time to time.
To send you marketing and promotional communications for Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We and/or our brand partners may use your Information for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our push notifications in your account settings (see below for further details).
To facilitate account creation and the log-in process with your Consent. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Apple account), we use the Information we are consequently allowed to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and the log-in process. See the section below headed “How Do We Handle Your Social Media Log-ins” for further information.
To administer promotions or trials for the Platform for our Legitimate Interests and/or with your Consent.
To request feedback for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. For example, we may use your Information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of the Skinscreener Platform.
To protect the Skinscreener Services for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons. We may use your Information as part of our efforts to keep the Skinscreener Services safe and secure (for example, for the purposes of monitoring and/or preventing fraud).
To enforce our Terms & Conditions and policies for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual Reasons.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm for Legal Reasons. For example, if we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
We may use your Information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve the Skinscreener Services, our products and services, our marketing and your experience.
6. Will your Information be shared with anyone?
We only share and disclose your Information in the following situations:
Contractual. We may share Information with brand providers and partners to enable any orders for products or services, or obligations arising out of any such orders, to be fulfilled.
Compliance with Legal Obligations. We may disclose your Information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable laws, governmental requests, judicial proceedings, court orders, or legal processes, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to requests from public authorities in order to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests. We may disclose your Information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, illegal activities or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or where we believe it is necessary for the purpose of providing evidence in connection with litigation proceedings in which we are involved.
Third Party Service Providers. We may share your Information with third party vendors, service providers, credit reference agencies, trade associations of which we are a member, credit card associations, contractors or agents who perform services and require access to such Information to carry out that work. Examples include: Google Cloud, Google Firebase, Stripe, Denovo GmbH ]. Such third parties will only have access to your Information to the extent that they need to perform those services. They are required to keep your Information confidential and may not use it other than as we ask them to and always in accordance with this Policy.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your Information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third Party Advertisers. We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Skinscreener Platform. These companies may use Information about your visits to the Skinscreener Platform and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide personalised advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. See our Cookie Policy for further Information.
Training: We are going to use your anonymized images for training purposes of our algorithm.
With your Consent. We may disclose your Information for any other purpose with your Consent, including with any person who you have named as a person we can contact to discuss your account and any agent or representative of yours .
We may disclose aggregated, anonymous Information (i.e. Information from which you cannot be personally identified), or insights based on such anonymous Information, to selected third parties, including (without limitation) analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Skinscreener Services. In such circumstances we will not disclose any Information which can identify you personally.
7. Is your Information transferred internationally?
Whenever we transfer your Information outside of the UK, we will take all reasonably practicable measures to protect your Information in accordance with this Policy and applicable laws. To the extent that any transfer requires approved safeguards to be in place we will only transfer your Information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data. Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved for use in the UK which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK. Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism(s) used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK.
8. Third party websites
The Skinscreener Platform may feature links to third party websites or social media channels, or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this Policy.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Skinscreener Platform. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly if you have any related questions.
9. For How long do we keep your Information?
We will only keep your Information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax law, accounting requirements or other legal or regulatory requirements).
When we have no ongoing Business Purpose to justify the processing of your Information, we will either delete or anonymise it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
10. How do we keep your Information safe?
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any Information we process. For example, we store your personal data on secure servers and company data is stored on separate secure encrypted disks when not in use.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable supervisory body of a suspected data breach where we are legally required to do so.
However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the Internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will use our reasonable endeavours to protect your Information, we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of personal Information that is transferred from you or to you via the Internet. Transmission of personal Information to and from the Skinscreener Platform is therefore at your own risk. You should only access our services within a secure environment.
11. Do we collect Information from minors?
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Skinscreener Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age. If we learn that Information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the relevant account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under 18 years of age, please contact us immediately via
datenschutz@skinscreener.at
.
12. How do we handle your Social MEDIA Log-ins
Summary: If you choose to register or log into our website using a social media account, we may have access to certain Information about you.
The Skinscreener Platform may offer you the ability to register and log-in using your third-party social media account details (e.g. Facebook, Twitter etc). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain Information from your social media provider. The Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address, friends list, profile picture and other Information that you choose to make public. If you log-in using Facebook, we may also request access to other information related to your account, such as friends, check-ins and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission.
The Information that you post, transmit, or otherwise make available on such social media platforms may be viewed and/or used by other users of those networks and we have no control over that viewing and use and cannot prevent further use of that Information by third parties.
If you choose to link your Skinscreener profile to a social media account, Information that you provide to us in the process may be included on your Skinscreener profile. Additionally, your contacts on the social media platform(s) (Friends) may be able to see your activity on the Skinscreener Platform. A link to your public profile on the social media site may be added to your Skinscreener profile and other members and users of the Skinscreener Services may be able to see any Friends or links (e.g. friends of Friends) via the social network(s) that you have in common with them.
When you interact with us through social media networks, you acknowledge that we may access your Information that is held by that account, solely in accordance with your social media privacy settings. Any links to social media are not under our control and remain solely your responsibility. You acknowledge that any Information posted via social media through the Skinscreener Platform, or via any third party which you allow to access your content, is posted entirely at your own risk and that by posting to a public platform you make that Information visible to third parties who can use that Information at their discretion.
Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your Information by your third-party social media provider(s). We recommend that you review their privacy policies to understand how they collect, use and share your Information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
13. Your Consent to processing
You will be required to give Consent to certain processing activities before we can process your Information. Where applicable, we will seek Consent from you when you first submit Information to or through the Skinscreener Services.
If you have previously given your Consent you may freely withdraw such Consent at any time. You can do this by emailing datenschutz@skinscreener.at or, where applicable, clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ button that appears in mailing list communications.
If you withdraw your Consent, and if we do not have another legal basis for processing your Information, then we will stop processing your Information. If we do have another legal basis for processing your Information, then we may continue to do so subject to your legal rights.
Please note that if we need to process your Information in order for you to use the Skinscreener Services and you object or do not provide Consent to us processing your Information, you accept that the Skinscreener Services will no longer be available to you.
14. Marketing and opting out
If you have given Consent to marketing we may contact you about our products, services, promotions and special offers. If you no longer wish to receive such Information, you can withdraw your Consent at any time by sending an email to
datenschutz@skinscreener.at
or unsubscribing from the communications.
If you have given Consent, we may share your Information with carefully selected third party organisations and business partners and they may contact you directly. If you would prefer to no longer receive direct marketing communications from third parties and partners after previously giving your Consent, please contact those third parties and partners directly to withdraw the Consent.
Where you opt out of receiving marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us in connection with [your purchase of a product or service or your involvement in other related transactions].
15. Account Information
You may at any time review or change the Information in your account by logging into your Skinscreener account.
If you wish to terminate your Skinscreener account, please contact us via datenschutz@skinscreener.at and we can arrange this for you. Some Information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms & Conditions and/or comply with legal requirements.
16. What are your privacy rights?
You have certain rights in relation to the Information that we hold about you. Details of these rights and how to exercise them are set out below. Please note that we will require evidence of your identity before we are able to respond to any requests. This is a security measure to ensure that your Information is not disclosed to a person who does not have the right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further Information in relation to your request to speed up our response. To exercise or discuss any of your rights, please contact us via
datenschutz@skinscreener.at
You may also review and edit some of the Personal Information you have submitted to us through the appropriate functionality on the apps.
Right of Access. You have the right at any time to ask us for a copy of the Information that we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. Where we have good reason, and where data protection law permits, we can refuse your request for a copy of your Information, or certain elements of the request. If we refuse your request or any element of it, we will provide you with our reason(s) for doing so.
Right of Correction or Completion. If Information we hold about you is not accurate or is out of date and requires amendment or correction, you have a right to have the data rectified or completed.
Right of Erasure. In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that the Information we hold about you is erased (for example, if the Information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed or our processing of the Information is based only on your Consent and there are no other legal grounds on which we may process the Information).
Right to Object to or Restrict Processing. In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to our processing of your Information (for example, if we are processing your Information on the basis of our legitimate interests but there are no longer any compelling legitimate grounds to justify our processing overriding your rights and interests).
You may also have the right to restrict our use of your Information, for example during a period in which we are verifying the accuracy of your Information in circumstances where you have challenged the accuracy of that Information.
Right of Data Portability. In certain instances, you have a right to receive the Information that we hold about you (or a portion thereof) in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
In such circumstances, you can ask us to transmit your Information to you or directly to a third-party organisation on your behalf.
While we are happy for such requests to be made, we are not able to guarantee technical compatibility with a third-party organisation’s systems. We are also unable to comply with requests that relate to personal Information of others without their consent.
If we are relying on Consent to process your Information, you have the right to withdraw your Consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that occurred before the withdrawal of such Consent. Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights. This can be done by providing a scanned copy of a valid identity document or a signed photocopy of a valid identity document.
17. Contact us
We welcome your feedback and questions on this Policy. If you wish to contact us about this Policy or have any other questions, please email us via
datenschutz@skinscreener.at
.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (https://ico.org.uk/concerns). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
18. Website
The website is operated by medaia GmbH as the controller under data protection law. In this notice, we inform you which personal data we process in the context of this website. It is generally possible to use the website without providing personal data.
Visiting our website
Legitimate interest pursuant to Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR:
medaia GmbH processes the data within the scope of its predominantly legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit f GDPR to achieve the stated purposes, in particular the provision of the website.
Purposes of the processing::
The processing of your data serves the provision, as well as system security and the improvement of the website and thus the external appearance of medaia GmbH.
Data categories:
IP address of the requesting computer
Date and time of access
Name and URL of the retrieved data
Amount of data transferred
Message whether the call was successful
Recognition data of the browser and operating system used
Website from which the access is made
Name of your Internet access provider
Cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. These are small text files that are stored on your end device with the help of the browser. They do not cause any damage. We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them. They enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit. You can control the setting of cookies and their storage duration via your browser settings. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of our website may be limited.
You can find a list of the cookies used by our website and more detailed information in our cookie banner.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Statistics
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Storage period
We generally store your personal data for a period of 3 months. Longer storage only takes place if this is necessary to investigate attacks on our website.