Terms Of Use And Privacy Policy
Effective date: March 30, 2023
Ai Chat mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Terms Of Use
By downloading, browsing, accessing or using this mobile application, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. If you disagree with any of these Terms and Conditions of Use, you must immediately discontinue your access to the Mobile Application and your use of the services offered on the Mobile Application. Continued use of the Mobile Application will constitute acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of Use, as may be amended from time to time.
About Collect User Data
We take your privacy very seriously and want you to feel secure while using our website/ application. We have adopted measures that ensure that your personal information and data are kept confidential and protected.

We want you to know that we do not collect any personal data from our users. You can use our website/ application without providing any personal information such as name, address, phone number, email address, or any other kind of personal information. We do not use any cookies or trackers to collect any information about you.

When you use our website/ application, we do not collect any data about your browsing history or your device information. We do not share, sell, or distribute any user data to any third parties for any commercial purpose.

In the case of any voluntary data collection, we will ask for your consent before collecting any such information. We will use this data solely for the purpose it was collected and will not share it with any third party.

We take all necessary measures to ensure the security of your data. We use secure systems and data protection measures to prevent any unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration of your data.

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us. We are committed to protecting your privacy and welcome any feedback or questions you may have about our policies.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Terms Of Use And Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: fanjiarong0919@gmail.com