Privacy Policy
Last updated January 21, 2024
This privacy notice for Solveware UG (haftungsbeschränkt) (doing business as Wevent), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share process your information when you use our services. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at info@wevent.fun.
What information do we collect?
Personal information you disclose to us
The use of the website is generally possible without providing personal data. If personal data (such as name, address, or email addresses) is collected, this is done on a voluntary basis whenever possible. This data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
If a contractual relationship is to be established, substantiated, or changed, or if you make an inquiry to us, we collect and use personal data from you to the extent necessary for these purposes (inventory data). We collect, process, and use personal data as far as necessary to enable you to use the web service (usage data). All personal data is only stored as long as necessary for the specified purpose (processing your inquiry or handling a contract). Tax and commercial retention periods are taken into account. We may be required by the competent authorities to provide information on this data (inventory data) in individual cases, to the extent necessary for purposes of criminal prosecution, hazard prevention, fulfilling the legal tasks of the constitutional protection authorities or the Military Counterintelligence Service, or enforcing intellectual property rights.
We expressly point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g., when communicating by email) may have security vulnerabilities. It is not possible to completely protect data from access before accessing it.
The use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation by third parties to send unsolicited advertising and informational materials is hereby expressly prohibited. Exceptions to this are existing business relationships or if you have our corresponding consent.
The providers and all third parties mentioned on this website expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information. The same applies to the commercial use and dissemination of the data.
Information automatically collected
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about this in our Cookie Notice: wevent.fun/cookies.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called 'crash dumps'), and hardware settings). Collected IP addresses are anoynmized.
Device Data
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information. Collected IP addresses are anoynmized.
Location Data
We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device.
How do we process your information?
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We may process the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing emails at any time. For more information, see 'What are your privacy rights?' below.
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns. We may process your information to better understand how to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most relevant to you.
What legal bases do we rely on to process your information?
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about withdrawing your consent.
Legitimate Interests
We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to: Send users information about special offers and discounts on our products and services Support our marketing activities
Legal Obligations
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice: wevent.fun/cookies.
Tools and services for analysis, statistics collection and marketing
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyze the behavior of website visitors. In doing so, the website operator receives various usage data, such as page views, dwell time, operating systems used and the origin of the user. This data is summarized in a user ID and assigned to the respective end device of the website visitor.
Furthermore, Google Analytics allows us to record your mouse and scroll movements and clicks, among other things. Furthermore, Google Analytics uses various modeling approaches to supplement the collected data sets and uses machine learning technologies in the data analysis.
Google Analytics uses technologies that enable the recognition of the user for the purpose of analyzing user behavior (e.g. cookies or device fingerprinting). The information collected by Google about the use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The use of this service is based on your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO and § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. The consent can be revoked at any time.
Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here: https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/.
How long do we keep your information?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Do we collect information from minors?
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@wevent.fun.
What information do we share and with whom?
We only share Limited and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to Google Analyitcs.
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as measurement analytics, apps, or other companies.  We do not, however, share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information such as name or email address.)  When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
What are your privacy rights?
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, Switzerland, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision- making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section 'How can you contact us about this notice?' below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your Member State data protection authority or UK data protection authority.
If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section 'How can you contact us about this notice?' below.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Opting out of marketing and promotional communications:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any time by contacting us using the details provided in the section 'How can you contact us about this notice?' below. You will then be removed from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. For further information, please see our Cookie Notice: wevent.fun/cookies.
Do we make updates to this notice?
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated 'Revised' date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How can you contact us about this notice?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at info@wevent.fun or contact us by post at:
Solveware UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Lörracher Straße 40D
79639 Grenzach-Wyhlen, Baden-Württemberg
Germany
How can your review, update or delete the data we collect from you?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please contact: info@wevent.fun.