Privacy Policy
Twinr, Inc. (“Twinr,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) offers a user-friendly platform to allow its
                        clients to design and create mobile apps that can be used across different platforms. This
                        Privacy Policy aims to help you understand the ways in which we gather, use and share your
                        personal information, as well as giving you the opportunity to exercise your privacy rights.
                        Twinr is responsible for processing your personal information, unless stated otherwise.
                        This Privacy Policy covers the handling of personal information by us in connection with our
                        Services, including on our websites, mobile apps, and other online or offline offerings. Please
                        note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information that our customers may
                        collect and handle using apps using our services (“Customer Data”). The collection and use of
                        Customer Data is governed by our customers' own privacy policies.
                        Personal Data We Collect
                        The type of personal information we may collect depends on your interactions with us, our
                        Services, and the laws that apply. The information we collect includes what you provide to us,
                        what we automatically gather when you use our Services, and information from other sources, such
                        as third-party services and organizations, as explained in more detail below.
We may collect the following types of personal information that you provide to us:
Account Creation: When you create an account with us, we may collect information such
                                as your login information from third-party sites, name, email, and password, and
                                country. Additionally, if you use an activation code, we will also collect the name of
                                the organisation (e.g. business) associated with the code.
Paid Plans: We may collect personal information, such as payment information, in
                                connection with purchases of our paid plans. Payment processing for our paid plans is
                                handled by third-party payment processors Stripe, and we do not collect or store payment
                                card information directly. However, we may receive information related to your payment
                                card information, such as your billing details. For more information on Stripe's privacy
                                practices, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Communication with Us: We may collect personal information such as your email address,
                                phone number, or mailing address when you contact us for information about our services,
                                register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, apply for a job, or
                                communicate with us in other ways.
Surveys: We may contact you to participate in surveys, and if you choose to
                                participate, we may ask you to provide certain information, which may include personal
                                information.
Interactive Features: We and other users of our Services may collect personal
                                information that you submit or make available through interactive features such as
                                messaging and chat, commenting, community forums, blogs, and social media pages. Any
                                information you provide in public sections of these features will be considered public
                                information and will not be subject to the privacy protections outlined in this policy
                                unless otherwise required by law.
Conferences, and Other Events: We may collect personal information from individuals when we participate in conferences, trade shows, and other events.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships: We may collect personal information
                                from individuals and third parties to evaluate and pursue potential business
                                opportunities.
Job Applications: We may post job openings on our Services or LinkedIn, and if you
                                submit an application, CV, and/or cover letter to us, we will use the information you
                                provide to assess your qualifications for the position.
Behavioural Information:
We may use technologies to evaluate the performance of our Services, including as
                        part of our analytics process to understand how individuals interact with our Services (as
                        outlined in the Analytics section).
We may use first-party or third-party technologies to deliver content, including targeted ads
                        based on your interests, on our Services or on other third-party websites
Twinr directly does not store Cookies, IP Address, or MAC Address of devices but external
                        services we use such as Google Analytics or external social media platforms such as LinkedIn,
                        Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter, so these external platforms might capture such information, and
                        Twinr does not have control over that. Please refer to this platform’s privacy policies.
How Twinr uses Information:
We use your personal information to deliver our Services in the most effective
                        way. We use these information to manage your account and personal information, granting you
                        access to specific features, functionalities and services. We use information to provide you
                        better support service and respond to your queries. Upon payment success, we use information to
                        automatically grant access to the platform and appropriate plans. For job applicants, we use
                        information to evaluate their candidacy as well as when future opportunities arise, we refer
                        this information to reach out to them. We use information provided to us to improve our services
                        using survey feedback, customer feedback, and reviews.
Marketing and Advertising:
We may use personal information to personalise and provide content and
                        advertisements to you, in accordance with the applicable laws. Our marketing methods include
                        email campaigns, and paid advertising on Google Ads. Google ads may use information for better
                        advertising and targeted marketing. If you have any concerns or questions about our marketing
                        practices or if you wish to unsubscribe from the use of your personal information for marketing
                        purposes, you can reach us at hello@twinr.dev
In case of Merger or Acquisition
During certain business transactions, such as a merger, acquisition, financing review,
                        reorganisation, bankruptcy, asset sale, or service transfer, your information may be sold or
                        transferred as allowed by law and agreements.
Privacy Rights
We will send you email communication to help you to effectively use Twinr platform throughout
                        the time but if you wish you can unsubscribe from unwanted emails by using the link provided at
                        the bottom of the email. However, you will still receive emails related to products or services
                        that you have requested.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries or concerns about how we handle your personal information, or if you
                        want to assert your rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy, please reach out to us at
                        hello@twinr.dev.
Last Updated: 10/01/2023
Build
Mobile App
with Twinr Today!
It is fast, packed with features and quite easy to use. And the best part is, you don’t need to possess any coding skills
                    to make use of it or invest a huge chunk of your time or money in website to app conversion.
Start your no-code mobile app building journey from here and avail Twinr's advantages
See Tutorials
Start Free Trial
Still Confused? Hire an Expert!