Home
/
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Moon climbing Limited - Privacy Policy
At Moon Climbing we care about your privacy. This privacy notice explains how our organisation uses the personal details we collect from you when you use our website, in accordance with the United Kingdom’s implementation of the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Personal Information We Collect
and How We Collect It
When you visit our website, we collect your browsing data including IP address, date and time of visit, referral data, the pages and products you view and what device and browser you are using.
When you create an account with us, we collect personal identification information, including your name and email address.
When you make a purchase from us, we collect personal identification information including your name, email address, shipping address and billing address. We will also collect details of your purchase history.
How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information to identify you when you use our products and services, and to process your orders and manage your account.
We use information about your demography, browsing behaviour and purchasing history to inform our continual business development, products and services.
Who We Share Personal
Information With
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than those service providers that we use to conduct our business operations.
How long We Keep Personal
Information
We keep personal information for as long as it is needed to manage your account and to satisfy our legal, accounting, insurance and reporting requirements.
Marketing
We only use your personal information to keep in touch about marketing information if you have specifically indicated that we may do so by signing up to our newsletter. If you have consented to receive our newsletter, we use your personal information to contact you about promotions, business news and other content related to our products and services that may be of interest to you.
What Are Your Rights?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have rights in relation to your personal data which you can exercise free of charge, namely the right to.
1.      Request access to the personal information we hold about you.
2.      Request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
3.      Request the deletion of any personal information we hold about you.
4.      Withdraw any consent that you have previously given for our use of your personal data.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device. We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies and control which cookies are saved to your device. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods and  others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device.
Types of Cookies We Use
1.      Site Functionality Cookies: These cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website, such as remembering which items you have in your basket, and reminding you about recently viewed products.
2.      Customer Preference Cookies: These cookies are designed to make your browsing easier allowing the website to remember your preferences, such as your chosen currency.
3.      Site Analytics Cookies: These cookies allow us to see how users interact with the site so we can continue to improve its features and functionality for a better shopping experience.
4.      Advertising Cookies and Pixels: We use these cookies to remember your product preferences so we can provide our advertisers with content that is relevant to your interests.
Contact Us
If you have any questions relating to our privacy practices and your personal information, please get in touch by sending an email to
info@moonclimbing.com