Privacy Policy
What information do we collect and why?
The information we collect will help us provide you with the services you want. Location information so that we can provide you with weather in your area and alert you when the weather changes.
How do we collect this information?
When you use our applications, we ask for authorization and will only collect your location information if you agree.
What do we do with the information we collect?
Do we sell your personal information? No!
Do we sell or share aggregated information?
Yes. The Site and Application are offered as a free service, so the Company makes money through advertising. Using aggregated information for advertising ensures that you see ads that are more relevant to you. Aggregate information cannot be used to specifically identify you.
Privacy Controls
What privacy controls do we provide to our users?
We believe that users should have control over the information they provide to us.
Location information in the application - We only collect this information with your consent. When you download an application, you will be asked if you agree to the use of location information. You can turn off location access in the app at any time. If you do not consent to the application using location information, you will need to manually enter your location each time to ensure that the weather information you get is accurate for your location.
Data Controllers
Weather Forecast (collectively, "we", "us", "our") is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our users and the personal information they provide to us when accessing and using our services.
This Privacy Policy sets out what data is collected when you access and use our products and services and how it is processed. Please read it carefully and confirm that you fully understand all the rules and points of this Privacy Policy before proceeding to use our products. By choosing to use it, you are deemed to have agreed to all of the contents of this Privacy Policy and to our collection and use of information about you in accordance with that policy. If you do not agree to the relevant agreement or any of its terms, you should stop using our products and services.