PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 3rd September 2023
This privacy policy applies to the Cork Safety Alerts website, and the Cork Safety Alerts mobile application(s).
This privacy policy has been compiled to to give you an insight as to how we collect and process your data. Privacy is of the utmost important to us, and we’ll do everything in our power to protect yours!
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website and mobile apps.
We’ve made some changes to our Privacy Policy to comply with the
GDPR
(General Data Protection Regulation) which came into effect on May 25th 2018. It’s important to note that nothing has changed in terms of how we gather, and process your data. We’ve given you more control over how your data may be processed and used.
What personally identifiable information do we collect from the people that visit our website or use our mobile application?
We ONLY collect personally identifiable information when you submit a Contact Us form on our website, or Incident Submission form on our website.
Location Services: During regular use of our mobile application, we request that location services are enabled. We use location services when you submit an incident to us, and you opt to share your location. We use the GPS on your device to determine your location. Once location services is enabled, you may in the future also receive alerts which are sent via geolocation. This means we can push alerts to users within the vicinity of a particular issue, or event.
When do we collect personally identifiable information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form, open a support ticket or enter information via forms on our website, or mobile apps.
Provide us with feedback on our products or services.
Location Services: We
only
collect location based information when you opt to provide it to us, on first load of the mobile application or, opt to send your location along with an incident submission.
Information automatically gathered by us:
Information automatically gathered
could (but not always)
include
your web request, browser type, IP address, referring URL, domain names, and pages viewed including the date and time of your request.
The OneSignal SDK automatically collects and that are available to target audiences in Segments via Push Notifications. Information automatically gathered by OneSignal (our push notification service supplier) can be found
here
; this information is
non-personally identifiable
information.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, start a subscription, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site or mobile application features in the following ways:
To personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions/subscriptions.
To send periodic emails regarding your account and/or other products and services.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries.)
Location Services:
We may use geolocation information to provide location based alerts, relative to our users. We also use geolocation when you opt to submit your location along with an alert submission. When you submit your location along with an incident submission we do not receive any other personal identifiable information.
When enabled, we may use location services in our app to send relevant adverts based on your current location.
Location services can be turned off, at any time, by heading to device settings and disabling location services for the Cork safety Alerts mobile app.
Push Notifications:
We utilise a company called
OneSignal
to handle our Push Notifications (via mobile, and web.) It’s important that you understand how
OneSignal
utilise and use your data before agreeing to receive push notifications from the Cork Safety Alerts website, or mobile apps. OneSignal’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
Right of rectification or erasure:
Should you wish to request deletion of your Cork Safety Alerts account, we require you to send an email to us via
this form
requesting deletion of your account. We’ll deactivate the account immediately, and remove all data from our servers.
Our Mobile App does not contain any PII. Once you delete the Cork Safety Alerts mobile apps from your device, this erases it. No PII is transferred when submitting incidents to the team.
Right of Access:
Under section 4 of the Data Protection Act, you have the right to request a copy of any data pertaining to you. To request a copy of data held against you; please submit a written request outlining why, and what data you would like a copy of. Requests must be emailed via
this form
.
How do we protect your information?
We use regular Malware Scanning on our website.
We have a robust Firewall installed on our server, and we also utilise CloudFlare to protect our website.
Our website is secured via SSL. Any contact form submission is encrypted, using SHA-256 with RSA Encryption. Our SSL Certificate provider is CloudFlare.
Whilst we will maintain to secure your data and information, we
cannot
be held liable for intrusions, errors, loss of data or any other interferences with the use of our services caused by a data breach.
Where is data stored?
Any information, or data hosted on our
website
is hosted in California, United States.
Any data pertaining to Push Notifications is hosted by
OneSignal
, their servers are based in the United States.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Track certain analytical information using Google Analytics, to improve our website and services.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not directly sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety. We are governed by any laws applicable to the Republic of Ireland.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We
honor
Do-Not-Track signals and Do-Not-Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do-Not-Track browser mechanism is in place.
Can I opt-out of Google Analytics tracking?
Yes, we provide an opt out link in the footer of our website. You can also opt out by [gadwp_useroptout html_tag=”a”]clicking here[/gadwp_useroptout]
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do
not
allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. Should you have concerns, please
send us an email
.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email:
Within
one
(1) business day
Disclaimer:
We are
not
responsible for any misleading information which may be displayed on our Website, Mobile Apps or social media accounts. As much as we endeavour to have factual and correct information, this is
not
always
possible
. We curate reports from various sources including but not limited to; the public, other social media and official channels.
Cork Safety Alerts takes
no responsibility
for any damage or loss to personal belongings, vehicles or any other personal property. We take no responsibility for any injury or loss of life as a result of information supplied to or from our page.
Our full social media policy, and disclaimer is available
here
.
Revisions:
We reserve the right to update, amend or remove this privacy policy at any given time without prior notice, however, we will provide an update on our homepage and social channels informing of such changes.
Contact Information:
If you wish to query, modify or request deletion of your information or data please send us an email by using
this form
and we’ll get back to you within 48 hours.
Sponsored Advertisement
Log In
Username or Email Address
Password
Show Password
Remember Me
Login with
Facebook
Login with
Google
Lost Password?