Special Note
Chengdu Tiange Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "our company"/"we"), as the operator of TopWidgets+, we are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and attach great importance to the protection of users' personal information and privacy rights. Therefore, we A privacy policy has been formulated covering how to collect, store, use, share and protect user information and the ways we provide you with accessing, updating, deleting and protecting such information. We hope to clearly introduce to you how we process your personal information and other information through this privacy protection statement (hereinafter referred to as "this privacy policy").
This Privacy Policy is closely related to your use of our products ("Top Widgets+") and/or services, please read and understand
Privacy Policy
completely before using all products and/or services of Top Widgets+ And make sure to understand our processing rules for your personal information and other information, and make the choices you think are appropriate accordingly. If you do not agree to any content of this Privacy Policy, it means that you have chosen to give up using our products and/or services, and please stop using our products and/or services immediately. When you use any product and/or service of Top Widgets+, you agree and fully understand the entire content of this Privacy Policy. In addition to this Privacy Policy, in specific scenarios, we will also explain to you the purpose, scope and use of the corresponding information collection through instant notifications (including pop-up windows, page prompts, and red dot prompts) and function update descriptions. These instant notifications and function update instructions form part of this Privacy Policy and have the same effect as this Privacy Policy. **The following will help you understand in detail how we collect, use, store, transmit, disclose and protect personal information; help you understand how personal information is processed. We will explain the relevant situation item by item in the privacy policy, please pay special attention. **
1. Scope of Information Collection
2. How we collect information
3. How we use information
4. Third-party partner sharing, transfer and public disclosure
5. How we store and protect personal information
6. Protection of Minors
7. Manage your personal information
8. Changes to server content
9. Review and revision of privacy policy
10.Contact us
1. Scope of Information Collection
1.1 When you register, log in, subscribe to members in the APP and use related services, you can register and log in to the APP by using a third-party account, but you need to authorize us to obtain your information on the third-party platform (avatar, nickname public information and your personal information). Authorized other information), used to generate a Top Widgets+ account bound to the third-party account, so that you can directly register, log in, and use APP-related services. In some cases, we need to re-authenticate and bind your mobile phone number , to confirm the authenticity and relevance of the third-party account.
1.2 We will generate a Top Widgets+ account for your account when you log in to the APP through third-party authorization. This is the public identification information of your account. When you use the widget login and sharing functions of the APP, this information will be made public exhibit.
1.3 In order to provide continuous services and ensure service quality, we will record and save your login and use information of this service during your use of this product, including software and hardware feature information, and user identifiers.
2. How to collect information
2.1 We collect your information through your active submission and corresponding records generated during your use of our services.
2.2 We may collect and use your information through preferences and other related technologies. The specific purposes for which we use preferences include: remembering your identity. For example: preferences help us identify you as our registered user, analyze your use of our services, so as to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, and system preference settings services.
2.3 We are committed to providing you with a safe and reliable product and use environment, and providing high-quality and reliable services and information is our core goal. In order to maintain the normal and stable operation of related products or services, and protect the safety and legal interests of you or other users or the public, we will collect these necessary information each time the app is started with your consent:
**(1) In order to ensure the safe operation of software and services, the quality and efficiency of operation, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device identifier (IMEI, OAID, Deviceld, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID , IDFA, IDFV; different identifiers will have different validity periods, whether they can be reset by the user, and how to obtain them), network device hardware address (MAC address), hardware serial number, IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID , BSSID), Bluetooth (Bluetooth), base station, software version number, network access method, type, status, network quality data, operation, use, service log, sensor information data. **
(2) In order to prevent malicious programs and ensure operation quality and efficiency, we will collect installed application information or running process information, overall application operation, usage and frequency, application crashes, overall installation usage, performance Data and application sources.
(3) We may use your account information, device information, service log information, and information that our affiliates and partners have obtained your authorization or can provide to us according to law to determine account security, transaction security, and identity verification , Identify violations of laws and regulations, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
2.4 The use of similar technologies such as cookies Cookies and device information identification and other similar technologies are commonly used technologies on the Internet. When you use this and related services, we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and identify information when you access and use this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this privacy policy. We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services: To ensure the safety and efficient operation of products and services: We may set cookies or anonymous identifiers for authentication and security to allow us to confirm whether you log in to the service safely, or Whether there is misappropriation, fraud and other illegal acts. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency, login and response speed. Help you get an easier access experience: Using this type of technology can help you save the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content (examples: saving information in components, form submission).
Recommend, display, and push content that you may be interested in: We may use such technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, and conduct data analysis to improve product services, recommend information or functions that users are interested in, and optimize Your Choices About Advertising or Content. On content sharing pages, we may use cookies to record browsing activities for recommending information to you, troubleshooting crashes, delays, and exploring better service methods. Cookie clearing: You can clear the cookie data in the APP settings --> more --> clear cache, but you may not be able to use the functions or services provided by us that rely on cookies after clearing.
2.5 Legally exempt from obtaining consent to process personal information Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to process your personal information.
a) Necessary to enter into or perform a contract at your request;
b) Necessary for the performance of statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, national defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
c) It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies, or to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
d) Implement news reports, public opinion supervision, etc. for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable range;
e) Process personal information that you disclose yourself, or other personal information that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable range (such as legally disclosed personal information through legal news reports, government information disclosure, etc.);
f) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. Special Note: According to the law, if the information cannot identify a specific individual alone or in combination with other information, it does not belong to personal information. When your information can identify you alone or in combination with other information, or when we combine data that has not been associated with any specific individual with your personal information, we will treat it as your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy processing and protection.
3. How we use information
3.1 Use of information In order to provide you with the relevant functions of the widget normally, we will collect your relevant device information. With your consent, the application will collect this information every time you use the relevant functions or in the following scenarios. This information include:
3.1.1 Device information** Mobile phone model, network type, battery level, available storage space, application and file name and type, current application version number information, memory usage, CPU information (frequency, model, architecture) sensing information , device manufacturer, including hardware model, system version, operating system version, device identifier, network device hardware address, device sensor information), location information (including GPS sensor, WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station information, IP address) **
3.1.2 Application list When you use the quick launch widget, in order to facilitate you to select local applications on your mobile phone, we will obtain the Bundle ID of your local application list in order to quickly match the quick launch APP icon.
3.1.3 Location permission When you use the weather widget, we need to obtain location permission to collect and use your geographic location information to display and recommend local weather-related information in your area (city, district or county).
3.1.4 Photo Permissions When you upload images from the component editing page, quick launch to replace new icons, transparent components, online customer service, and Bunny Nest feedback issues, we will obtain your photo album permissions so that you can upload the image components to the widget. "When you are using One Word of the Day to share images, save images from horoscopes, or download beautification atlases, we will obtain your album permissions so that you can save the content into the album.".
3.1.5 Camera permission When you use online customer service and Rabbit Nest to give feedback, we will obtain your camera permission so that you can take pictures or record questions and submit feedback information.
3.1.6 Microphone permission When you use the online customer service to give feedback, we will obtain the microphone recording permission, so that you can submit feedback to the customer service to locate the problem you encounter by shooting or recording video content with the camera.
3.1.7 Bluetooth permission When you use the X panel widget, we will obtain your Bluetooth permission, which is mainly used to display Bluetooth status information in the X panel widget.
3.1.8 Sports and health permissions When you use step count widgets, X panels, and pedometer widgets, we will obtain your sports and health permissions, mainly to help you use health-related widgets to display steps number function.
3.1.9 Pedometer permission When you use the widget related to the number of exercise steps, we will obtain the permission of the pedometer to monitor the content in the display widget of the number of exercise steps.
3.1.10 Log information During the safe operation of software and services, we will collect your device information and log information. Device information refers to information related to device model, network identifier, network access information, and device performance. It may be expressed as "phone information" in mobile terminals. This does not mean that the App will collect communication content or private information that you actively input; Log information refers to the service logs generated during your use of the service.
3.1.12 Contact information When you encounter problems during the use of the APP and need to give us feedback, we will collect your phone number/email/QQ/WeChat/other information (optional) so that our product team can better Locate and resolve the issue you are experiencing.
3.1.13 APP requests tracking permission Advertising Identifier (IDFA). Turning on the permission will not obtain your private information on other sites. This permission is only used to identify the device and meet your individual needs. We will respond to your request according to the service. Information generated when needed, to optimize our services, and to ensure service security and prompt browsing experience.
3.1.14 Content Recommendation Recommend content that you may be more interested in In order to recommend information that may be more interesting to you, we will collect usage information, device information, location information, search content, search history, and combine these information on the server side To provide you with personalized content recommendation services. We will make comprehensive statistics and analyze characteristics and preferences through algorithms to form indirect crowd portraits to recommend, display or push information that you may be interested in, or push specific functions and services that are more suitable for you.
3.1.15 Advertisement push to post promotional information of goods or services to you We will post promotional information (advertisements) of goods or services to you, and we will collect usage information, IP address, MAC address, location information IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, System type, system version, network environment, recommended information based on your preferences, and generally released information that is not specific. We may share information with our promotional and advertising partners, but we will take necessary technical means to provide you with more relevant promotional information without identifying your personal identity. We may share group portraits or statistical information with service providers, suppliers and other partners of our business, which is difficult or impossible to link with your real identity. This information will help us analyze and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and related services.
3.1.16 Push notifications With your permission, we may send you notifications during operations for purposes such as message notifications and user experience research. If you are unwilling to receive such information, you can turn off the switch to allow receiving push messages through the device's own functions, so as to refuse to receive such information. Turning off the message notification function will not affect your normal use of our products.
3.1.17 Other scenarios Other related scenarios where information may need to be collected, if the usage scenario is not reasonably related to the initial scenario, we will re-obtain your consent before using the information.
4. Third-party sharing, transfer and public disclosure
We will not share your information with any unrelated third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances: We may share your information with our affiliates, third-party service providers, contractors and agents only for the following purposes: use:
4.1 It is necessary to provide the corresponding functions or services in "1. Scope of information collection", and necessary for the purposes described in the section in "3. Information use".
4.1.2 Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in the
User Agreement
or this statement.
4.1.3 If we share your information with any of the above-mentioned third parties, we will strive to ensure that the third party abides by this statement and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require them to observe when using your information.
4.1.4 In order to ensure the stable operation and function realization of our client, so that you can use and enjoy more services and functions, our application will embed the SDK of authorized partners or other similar applications, and we cooperate with our partners During the process, the following principles will be followed:
a) Principle of legality: If data processing activities are involved, the principle of legality shall be followed.
b) The principle of legitimacy and minimum necessity: the use of data must have a legitimate purpose and should be limited to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose.
c) Principle of security prudence: We will prudently evaluate the purpose of data use by our partners, conduct a comprehensive assessment of the security capabilities of these partners, and require them to follow the cooperation legal agreement.
d) We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software tool development kit (SDK) and application program interface (API) that our partners obtain information to protect data security, and we will agree strict data protection measures with authorized partners to make them Handle personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
Click to view the SDK details of our access to third-party authorized partners.
4.2 Entrusted processing For the entrusted processing of personal information, we will sign a relevant processing agreement with the entrusted partner in accordance with the law, and supervise their personal information use activities.
4.3 Joint processing For the scenario of joint processing of personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with the law and agree on their respective rights and obligations, so as to ensure compliance with relevant laws and protect data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
4.4 Scope of partners If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates and third parties, the scope of partners includes our affiliates and third parties.
4.5 Cooperation Scenarios
(1) Message notification: In order to adapt the message push function to the terminal model you are using, the terminal device manufacturer Apple Inc. may use your mobile phone model, version and related device information through SDK and other technologies.
(2) Logging in and binding other third-party accounts: When you use your WeChat account to log in to our products or services, with your consent, the above-mentioned third-party products or services will use your nickname, profile picture and other information authorized by you .
(3) Event participation: When you choose to participate in a marketing event organized by us, with your consent, we and our partners may need to use your name, mailing address, contact information, and information so that the partner can cash out event rewards to you. When you participate in a marketing activity jointly organized by us and related parties, your account number (including identifiers), participation scores, and progress may be synchronized between multiple mobile applications participating in the activity (referred to as "event platform") , income information to ensure that you get a complete service experience during the event.
(4) Customer service: In order to deal with your complaints, suggestions and other demands in a timely manner, customer service providers need to use your account and related information to understand, process and respond to your needs in a timely manner. It may also be necessary to use your mobile phone number or other means of communication to contact you if necessary.
(5) Payment service: We will use payment service when you sign up for membership, and the payment function is provided by Apple Inc. to you. It may be necessary to collect your payment information, such as: validity period and mobile phone number, email address, address, and bank card related information are personal sensitive information, which is necessary for the payment function, and refusing to provide it will result in you being unable to use this function, but not Affect the normal use of other functions.
(6) Advertising: We may share and analyze de-identified device information or statistical information with advertising service providers, suppliers and other partners (collectively referred to as "advertising partners"), which is difficult or impossible to correlate with your real identity Associated. This information will help us analyze and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and related services.
a) Advertisement push and placement: Advertising partners who push/promote and advertise or provide related services may need to use de-identified or anonymized device, network, channel information, and label information; advertisements that cooperate with advertisers Advertising partners of push/promotion and delivery/analysis services may need to use the aforementioned information to realize advertisement placement, optimize and improve the effective reach rate of advertisements.
b) Advertising statistical analysis: Advertising partners who provide advertising statistical analysis services may need to use your device, network, ad click, browsing, display, and ad conversion data information to analyze, measure, and improve the effectiveness of advertising and related services .
c) Use of information by advertising partners: Advertising partners may combine the above information with other data obtained legally to optimize the effectiveness of advertising. The legal rights of users are not violated.
d) Advertisement retention information: The contact information and address-related information that you actively fill in and submit in the advertisement may be collected and used by the advertiser or its entrusted partner.
(7) Implement security and statistical analysis
a) Guarantee the safety of use: We attach great importance to the safety of products and services. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users from illegal infringement, our partners may use necessary equipment, accounts and log information.
b) Analyze product conditions: In order to analyze the stability of products and services, partners who provide analysis services may need to use service conditions (crash, flashback records), device identification information, and overall application installation and usage information.
(8) One-click sharing service: In order to provide you with one-click sharing service, our products integrate Umeng + U-Share SDK, which will collect your device identification information (such as IMEI/IDFA/deviceld) and the social media you need to share Account public information, in order to complete the one-click sharing service. For your information security, we have entered into data security and confidentiality agreements with third-party SDK service providers, and these companies will strictly abide by our data privacy and security requirements. We will not share your personally identifiable information with them unless we have your consent. In order for you to better understand the types and uses of data collected by [Youmeng+], and how to protect your personal information, you can visit https://www.umeng.com/policy to learn about [Youmeng+] Privacy Policy . "
5. How we store and protect personal information
5.1 Information Storage
5.1.1 In accordance with laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated in the territory of the People's Republic of China in the territory of the People's Republic of China. We will not transmit the above information overseas. If we transmit overseas, we will follow relevant national regulations or seek your consent.
5.1.2 Storage period
a) We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to provide you with products or services, for example: The content and related information you publish will be retained until you withdraw, delete or cancel your account Used to provide you with ongoing business functionality.
b) If you cancel your account, voluntarily delete your personal information, or the information exceeds the necessary storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except for the following situations: Comply with the requirements of laws and regulations on information retention (such as : "E-Commerce Law" stipulates: commodity and service information, transaction information shall be stored for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction). Reasonable extension of the time limit is required for financial, auditing, dispute resolution and other purposes.
5.1.3 Generally, we only retain your information during the period of providing services to you, and the retention time will not exceed the time necessary to meet the relevant purpose of use. However, we may need to retain your information or part of the information for a longer period of time under the following circumstances and only for purposes related to the following circumstances: To comply with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant provisions.
a) Comply with the requirements of court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures.
b) Comply with the requirements of public security organs, government agencies or other competent authorities.
c) We have reason to believe that we need to abide by relevant laws and regulations.
d) It is reasonably necessary to implement the relevant service agreement or this privacy statement, safeguard social public interests, handle complaints/disputes, and protect the personal and property safety or legal rights of our customers, us or our affiliates, other users or employees the use of.
5.2 Information Security
5.2.1 We strive to ensure information security to prevent loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure of information. We use various security technologies to ensure the security of information. For example, we will take multiple server backups and password encryption security measures to prevent information leakage, damage, and loss.
5.2.2 We will establish a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt strict data use and access policies to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information. We regularly conduct security education and training for personnel, and conduct security audits on data and technology in due course. We will formulate and organize the implementation of emergency plans for personal information security incidents, and immediately activate the emergency plans when personal information security incidents occur, and strive to control the impact of these security incidents and prevent the expansion of adverse consequences. Once a personal information security incident (disclosure, tampering, loss) occurs or may occur, we will promptly inform you of the following in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the type, reason and possibility of personal information leakage, tampering, or loss that occurred or may occur The harm caused, the remedial steps we have taken, steps you can take to mitigate the harm, and how to contact us. We will promptly inform you of the event-related situation through push notifications, emails, letters, text messages and related forms. When it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to issue announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
5.2.3 We attach great importance to information security compliance, and have fully guaranteed your information security through numerous international and domestic security certifications. But please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, in the Internet environment, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. You agree to hold us harmless in such circumstances. In the event of personal information leakage and other security incidents, we will activate an emergency plan to prevent the expansion of the security incident, report it in a timely manner in accordance with the relevant provisions of the "National Network Security Incident Emergency Plan", and notify you of the relevant situation by sending emails, push notifications, and announcements, and Give you safety advice.
5.2.4 In order to more effectively protect your information security, we also hope that you can strengthen your awareness of self-protection. We are only liable to the extent that the service directly leads to the leakage of your personal information. Therefore, please keep your account and password information properly to avoid leakage of your personal information. Unless you judge that it is necessary, you will not provide your account password and other personal information to any third party.
6 Minors Protection
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors
6.1 We presume that you have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct. If you are a minor, we ask you to ask your parents or other guardians to read this policy carefully, and use our services or provide information to us with the consent of your parents or other guardians. If you are a parent or other guardian of a minor, please pay attention to whether the minor is using our services after obtaining your authorization and consent.
6.2 If you fail to obtain the consent of your guardian or you do not agree with your guardian to use our services and provide us with information, please stop using our services immediately and contact us in time. Upon receiving your written notice and knowing that we have collected the personal information of minors without the prior consent of the guardian, we will immediately stop the collection and use of relevant information.
7. Manage your personal information
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to review, copy, correct, supplement, delete, withdraw consent authorization, cancel account, complain and report your personal information, so that you have the ability to understand and Keep your personal information safe. However, please understand that specific business functions and services will require your information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will not be able to continue to provide you with the corresponding functions and services, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect our previous processing of personal information based on your authorization. The paths of the management methods we provide in different versions or operating systems may be different, please refer to the actual situation.
7.1 System permission setting
a) You can turn on or off location information, health, photo album, permissions in the settings function of the device, change the scope of authorization or withdraw your authorization. After withdrawing your authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions, but it will not affect our previous processing of personal information based on your authorization. You can read the
"Permission Application and Usage Instructions"
to learn about our application and use of system permissions.
b) You can choose whether to receive the system notification sent by the APP in the phone system settings --> notifications --> TopWidgets+ -->, or set the form of the system notification you want to receive.
c) If you don't want us to visit your photo album to help you replace the background frame of the widget, you can go to the mobile phone system settings --> Top + --> permission list --> turn off the authorization of the photo album.
d) If you do not want our weather widget to obtain your geographic location, you can go to the phone system settings --> Top Widgets+ --> permission list --> turn off location authorization.
e) If you do not want to be recommended personalized content, you can go to APP-->More-->Authorization Settings-->Personalized Ads-->Close "Personalized Content Recommendation". When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, you will no longer be shown content related to your personal information or interests, but ads will still be displayed.
7.2 You can access, modify and delete your relevant information during the process of using our services. How you access, modify and delete information will depend on the specific services you use.
7.3 If you find that we have collected and used your information in violation of laws and regulations or the agreement between the two parties, you can ask us to delete it. If you find that your information collected and stored by us is wrong and cannot be corrected by yourself, you can also ask us to correct it.
7.4 When accessing, modifying and deleting relevant information, we may require you to perform identity verification to ensure account security. Please understand that due to technical limitations and legal and regulatory requirements, some of your requests may not be responded to. For the sake of security and identification, you may not be able to modify some of the initial registration information submitted during registration; if you really need to modify such information, please email ([
TopWidgets@sina.com
](mailto :
Topwidgets@sina.com
)) to contact us, we will review the issues involved as soon as possible, and give a reply within 15 working days after a special person verifies your user identity.
7.5 Based on the requirements of laws and regulations and legitimate reasons for ensuring information security, some of your information may not be accessible, modified and deleted.
7.6 You can complete the cancellation process by contacting through the contact information listed in the privacy policy or by opening the APP-->Account Book-->More-->click on the account avatar-->Account Management-->Cancellation Account. After we receive your request, the data in your account will be cleared within 24 hours, and this operation cannot be recovered. Please note and be aware that you back up all information related to your account before canceling, and please confirm that all services related to this account have been properly handled. After the logout is complete, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. Please know and understand that according to relevant laws and regulations, relevant log records will be kept for no less than 6 months.
8 Changes to service content
Please understand that with the development of our business, the products or services provided may be adjusted. If the purpose, method and scope of personal information processed by the adjusted products or services change, we will inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with the relevant requirements of laws and regulations.
8.1 With the continuous development of our business, we and our affiliated companies may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, notify you before the transfer, ensure the confidentiality of the information during transfer, and continue to perform corresponding responsibilities and obligations after the change. 8.2 We may also disclose your information for the following reasons:
a) Comply with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant provisions.
b) Comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures.
c) Comply with the requirements of public security organs, government agencies or other competent authorities.
d) We have reasons to believe that we need to abide by relevant laws and regulations.
e) It is reasonably necessary to implement relevant service agreements or this privacy statement, safeguard social public interests, handle complaints/disputes, and protect the personal and property safety or legal rights of our customers, us or our affiliates, other users or employees the use of.
f) Situations that have been legally authorized by you. If we disclose your information for the above reasons, we will promptly inform you on the basis of complying with relevant laws and regulations and this statement.
9 Review and Amendment of Privacy Policy
9.1 Review
a). You can view this privacy policy when entering the APP for the first time, or on the APP --> More --> About --> Privacy Policy page.
b). Please understand that in order to meet operational needs, we may develop different versions based on the mobile phone model, system version, and mobile client factors you are using. Therefore, when you use a specific version, the functions of the APP may be different from those of this There are differences in the descriptions of the privacy policy, but it will not affect the purpose, method and scope of data processing. The specific available functions are subject to your actual use.
9.2 Updates and notifications
a). In order to provide you with better services, our products and services will be updated and changed from time to time, and we will revise this privacy policy in due course. We will not reduce your rights under the currently effective Privacy Policy without your express consent.
b). After this privacy policy is updated, we will issue an updated version in the APP, and remind you of the updated content through in-site messages or other appropriate methods, so that you can keep abreast of the latest version of this privacy policy. c. We may also help you better manage your personal information through function updates, please pay attention to the relevant function descriptions.
10 CONTACT US
We have set up a dedicated personal information protection team and person in charge of personal information protection. If you have any questions or complaints, reports, or suggestions about this privacy policy or personal information protection-related matters, you can contact us in the following ways:
a) Send an email to:
TopWidgets@sina.com
mailbox.
b) Mail to: Legal Department, No. 2, 18th Floor, No. 777, Tianfu Fifth Street, Chengdu High-tech Zone, China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone
We will review your questions or suggestions as soon as possible and reply within 15 working days after verifying your user identity.
Company Name: Chengdu Tiange Technology Co., Ltd.
Unified social credit code: 91510100MAC7U74U90
Official website: https://tiangeltd.com/
Address: Room 6, Floor 22, Unit 1, Building 6, No. 133, Sheng'an Street, High-tech Zone, Chengdu, China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone
Updated date: March 14, 2023
Effective Date: March 14, 2023