Privacy Policy
Omnivision Solutions Ltd Privacy Policy
Last updated: 24th April, 2023.
[Omnivision Solutions Ltd] ("us", "we", or "our") operates the [Roam Around Guide] mobile application (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information when you use our Service.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information from you when using our Service. However, we do use third-party services for advertising and in-app purchases, which may have their own privacy policies. We recommend that you review their respective privacy policies.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
As previously mentioned, we do not collect any personally identifiable information from our users. We only collect non-personal, anonymized data, such as aggregated usage data and analytics, to improve the quality and performance of our Service.
Log Data
When you access the Service using a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, and other statistics ("Log Data").
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
Our Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your non-personal, anonymized information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at aiapps@omnivision.dev