BOSS IT Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for BOSS IT. BOSS IT respects the privacy of all users of our website (i.e. our desktop and mobile sites), social media pages and apps. This Privacy Statement outlines our policy concerning the collection and use of personal information which is gathered by BOSS IT from users of this website, subdomains and our social media pages and our apps.
The aim of this privacy policy is to explain how BOSS IT collects and uses the personal information it gathers in this way. BossIt will ensure that it keeps all personal information you provide to us in accordance with our obligations under current Data Protection legislation.
BOSS IT is not responsible for the privacy practices of any external websites and platforms which may be accessed or used in connection with your use of our website, social media pages or our apps and so we would advise that you review the privacy statements of those websites and platforms as they may be subject to different privacy requirements.
Any processing of personal information gathered by BossIt as a result of your use of this website, social media pages or our apps is governed by the provisions of the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988, 2003 and 2018.
What personal information does BOSS IT collect?
BOSS IT Sign In If you create a BOSS IT account, we may collect and use your name, contact details, gender, IP address, browser, operating system and device (including its location) you used and details regarding your website, social media pages and app usage (e.g. pages time / date of pages visited / actions taken) to provide you with extra benefits like saving teams/venues, redeeming/sampling free pints, receiving notifications about live scores, promotions or venues showing live entertainment
We may also sometimes track who opened and clicked the links in the communications that we send so that we can measure a campaign’s success. If you’ve signed up to BossIt, we may combine your account information with information we collect about you using cookies, web beacons, device identifiers etc. If you want to control the use of cookies etc, see the BOSS IT Cookie Policy.
If you sign up for marketing communications or in-app push notifications in our apps, we may also collect, use and combine similar information for the purposes of marketing, including through the use of cookies, etc. For example, we may combine your account information with information we collect about you using cookies, web beacons, device identifiers etc (including your device’s location). We may also sometimes track who opened and clicked the links in the communications that we send using technologies so that we can measure a campaign.
When you opt-in to in-app push notifications, we may also use this information to send you customised in-app push notifications regarding our service, including newsletters, and messages about deliveries or orders.
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988, 2003 and 2018.
How do you use my information?
We use your personal information for the following purposes below:
Authenticate Your Account
As necessary to log you into the Platform and ensure the security of your account
Provide the Services,
This includes providing you with the services, products, and functionality offered through our Platform and fulfilling your requests, including but not limited to: online ordering.
Communication
About your account or use of our Platform, products, and/or functionality; respond to, or follow up on, your comments and questions; and otherwise provide customer service
Send you marketing communications,
Including communicating with you about Platform or products offered by BossIt, our group companies, or our business partners and other marketing communications that we believe you would be interested in, as permitted by law.
Operate and Improve our Platform
including using analytics to better understand how you use our Platform, for purposes of product, website, application and service development and to enhance the user experience.
Provide information to Outlets
For the purpose of service functionality. For example the name on your booking and contact information.
Provide you with personalised advertising
We use the information to show you advertising on and off our Platform, which we think you will find relevant. We also provide this information to our business partners to display advertisements that are relevant and less intrusive.
If you sign up to electronic marketing communications from BossIt or to in-app push notifications on our apps, BossIt may send you information about our products and services which we think may be of interest to you including our weekly newsletter. In this case, we may build up a profile of you based upon what we infer from your usage of the different pages of our website and apps.
When you sign up to electronic communications, we’ll normally contact you by email, but we may send you marketing texts also if you’ve given us your mobile number for this purpose. If you have just signed up to in-app push notifications, we’ll only send you in-app push notifications.
How can I request a copy of my personal information held by BOSS IT?
If members of the public wish to see what personal information BossIt may hold on them, please contact us at
tech@bossithq.com
Check out our
Cookie Policy.
version: 1.0