The activities of Butterfield Group, pertaining to the collection, use, sharing and retention of data, are governed by privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These include the EU General Data Protection Regulation, as well as Bermuda’s Personal Information Protection Act, 2016, and the Cayman Islands Data Protection Law, 2017. Part of our obligation under relevant legislation is providing information to individuals whose data is collected about the kind of information we collect, what we do with it, and what rights individuals whose data we hold have with respect to its accuracy and use.
Below, you will find detailed information on these topics, as well as instructions about who to contact if you have questions or concerns about how your personal information is collected and used by Butterfield.
Information we collect
One or more entities within the Butterfield Group will be responsible for the personal data you provide to us. In most cases this will be the Butterfield company, or companies, with which you have a banking, trust or other financial services relationship.
We generally only collect basic personal data about you, including your name, address, contact details and basic information about your family and financial position. Some special information, such as any criminal history, may be collected for certain limited purposes.
Why we need it
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with banking, trust and other financial services. In some cases, we will have a legal obligation to collect and disclose certain information to relevant authorities under anti-money laundering and other legislation that applies in the various jurisdictions in which we do business.
We use the information we collect to develop and market new products and services which may be of interest to you. We will also use this information to ensure our businesses are operating efficiently and lawfully.
How your information is shared and stored
Legal entities comprising the Butterfield Group are integrated in a group structure, and a number of essential functions are provided at the Group level to some or all of our businesses. Accordingly your personal information will likely be shared with Butterfield entities located in jurisdictions other than where you have your banking and financial services relationships with us (your “home jurisdiction”). For customers in Europe, note that this may be outside the European Economic Area.
Additionally, as a matter of course, Butterfield retains a number of third party service providers in order to promote the efficient operation of our businesses. Again, this may result in your personal information being transferred outside your home jurisdiction.
Whether your data is held in your home jurisdiction, within the Butterfield Group or transferred to third parties, you can be assured that your privacy rights will be maintained. All companies within the Butterfield Group are bound by our privacy policy which is set at the very highest standard. All third parties we deal with are contractually obliged to provide similar protections.
We keep your information only for as long as we need it, subject to the minimum time periods for data retention specified under the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Your rights
As a customer, you have certain rights. These may arise under applicable law or our policy may grant these to you. Accordingly, if at any point you:
want to see what data we have about you;
believe the information we have about you is incorrect and you wish to correct it;
want us to delete your data, stop using it in a particular way, or wish to transfer it to someone else; or
wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data,
Our data protection office can be contacted at
LICBermuda@butterfieldgroup.com
. If you are not satisfied by our response you may be able to lodge a complaint with a relevant regulator in your home jurisdiction.
Location Information
If you have enabled location services on your device and agree to the collection of your location when prompted by the site or the Butterfield Online Banking or Butterfield Card Alerts apps, we will collect your location information when you use the services; for example, to provide our fraud detection services.
If you do not want Butterfield to collect this information, you may decline the collection of your location when prompted or adjust the location services settings on your device, although this may impact the available functionality of the site or mobile device Apps.
Firewalls
A firewall acts as a barrier between internal and external computers in a network, controlling the flow of information between the two. When a computer outside the firewall wishes to communicate with a computer inside, it must communicate with the firewall, which then passes the data to the internal computer. This two-step process helps protect Butterfield Group’s internal network from unauthorised access.
Security audits
Butterfield Group is committed to ensuring our security measures are of the highest of standards. We have, therefore, employed an external auditing firm to perform regular security audits against of our infrastructure to ensure we are not exposed to new vulnerabilities in hardware and software.
Digital certificates
To help ensure the security of your account information, we use a system involving Digital Identification Certificates from third-party providers of digital authentication products and services. Digital certificates provide the means of verifying the identity of each party in an electronic transmission. Through the use of a digital certificate, you can verify that you are actually transacting with ButterfieldGroup companies when you transmit personal or financial information to us through our website.
Children's online privacy protection
Butterfield Group does not knowingly solicit information from children, and does not knowingly market to children. Butterfield recognises that protecting children's identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
Disclaimer
The content and services found on this website, including the legal notices, are subject to change at any time without notification. You agree to revisit this page regularly and your continued access to the website will mean that you agree to the changes.
Telephone calls we receive may be monitored and recorded for security, training and service quality purposes.
Any information sent to us by e-mail is sent at your own risk.
This website contains links to third-party websites which are hosted and maintained independently. We have no control over the content or security of any such site and you proceed to such sites at your own risk.
We do not monitor or collect any personally identifiable information from you or on your use of the Butterfield Group’s website. Any personal data provided by you in response to this site or otherwise may be held and processed by Butterfield. It will not be used other than in the normal course of Butterfield Group's business.
Detailed privacy statement
Download
Candidate privacy statement
Download