Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
We know you care about how your data is utilised and we consider your security important. Please read the following to learn more about how we use your information, what type of information, and for which purposes? We will only collect information Personal and non-personal where it is reasonably necessary to do so for the conduct of our business. We may collect information regarding your use of our software, applications, and/or services, including information about the duration of your use, the features you use, and your interactions with other users of the software, applications, and/or services.
We may collect information regarding the device you use to access the software, applications, and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution, and other technical information.
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorised by you. We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted information.
What we do with the information we collect:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
For a good user experience, we may collect the following information.
Demographic information such as location, preferences, and interests for remarketing purposes.
App Usage Data and User Behavior
Game Data Collection:
Whenever you play our games, we may collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.
Advertising:
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests.
Included Third Party Services:
Our services may contain third-party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which may include Unity Ads and Admob, Yodo1. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, geolocation information, and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. In addition, you may see our games advertised on other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, except in the delivery of this game, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
Information related to children
Data identified with a kid's privacy policy appointment is to give the legitimate guardian of a child younger than 13 years the direction in regards to our privacy policy that concerns gathering, utilizing, and uncovering individual data of children under 13.
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and we recognize those rights.
We don't purposely and directly gather and store on its servers any close to personal data from children under the age of 13 as that would be an infringement of COPPA. Some data might be gathered by outsider suppliers of administrations (promoting systems, and so forth.) or certain products.
Modifications in the Policy:
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreement with Policies:
By accessing and/or using any of the services or products, you signify your understanding of the agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our Terms of use. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any of the Games products, services, or related subjects. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation or want to review, modify or remove the information you have provided to us.
Contact Us: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: thenexsofttechnologies902@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.blogger.com/profile/02991158138287135413:
Privacy Policy
On Blogger since
June 2022
Profile views
-
85
Report Abuse
My blogs
The NexSoft
About me
Main menu
Google apps