A great Scandinavian offer for everyone within living and sleeping
Read more
JYSK
JYSK is an international home furnishing retailer with Scandinavian roots that makes it easy to furnish every room in any home and garden. With more than 3,500 stores and webshops in 48 countries, JYSK always has a great offer and competent service nearby, no matter how customers want to shop. Founder Lars Larsen opened his first store in Denmark in 1979.
41.4
Billion DKK in turnover (FY24)
4.4
Billion DKK in Result for the year (FY24)
31,000
Employees (FY24)
Read our annual report
Newsroom
Solar panels produce power for JYSK's distribution centres
As part of reducing its CO2e emissions, JYSK installs solar panels on the roofs of its distribution centres.
The date is set: JYSK opens its first store in South America
Saturday 22 March 2025 marks a historic day for JYSK when the Danish home furnishing chain’s first store opens in the greater metropolitan area of Montevideo in Uruguay. The store is part of JYSK’s franchise business and will be operated by a local franchisee.
About us
JYSK delivers a great Scandinavian offer for everyone within sleeping and living. We make it easy to furnish every home and every room - even the outdoor places. With thousands of stores across the world, there’s always a JYSK nearby. This makes it quick to explore our assortment, and easy to bring products home. Online we have room for even more products.
Sustainability
As a big international company, we are in contact with thousands of customers, employees and suppliers. We are aware that our activities and actions affect our surroundings, and therefore we have a big responsibility.
GOJYSK
France and Austria complete Unified Commerce
JYSK has taken another big step towards achieving omnichannel, having successfully implemented Unified Commerce in all its French and Austrian stores.
Read on GOJYSK.com
New JYSK stores March 2025
Get an overview of where and when new JYSK stores will open this month.
Read on GOJYSK.com
Around the world: Top Employer, anniversaries, and sleeping events
Every now and then, we round up recent events and activities from some of the JYSK countries.
Read on GOJYSK.com
WHO IS JYSK?
Get to know more about JYSK in 2 minutes.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more