Privacy Policy
Michelle
2019-08-14T16:37:16+00:00
Privacy Policy
Dear client,
Your privacy is important to us and this Privacy Policy describes how Scarlet Tech collects and uses, and what choices you have concerning the information.
1. Personal Data that We Collect About You
“Personal Data”
(or personal information) means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified
. For instance, it may include your name, telephone number, email address, country, and in some places like the European Economic Area (“EEA”) even your IP address. We collect a variety of Personal Data about our customers and visitors to the Website in different ways.
2. How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your Personal Data as allowed by law. In general, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances:
• Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.   For example, when you register for the Platform,that’s a contract.
• Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests, which may include our business interests, but only where your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. For example, when we analyze issues that users encounter, or when we analyze system performance.
• Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. For example, keeping Financial and Transactional Data for tax compliance.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your Personal Data other than where the law requires it, for example concerning sending certain direct marketing communications. Where our legal basis is consent, you have the right to withdraw consent any time.
3. Cookie and tracking technologies
The Site may automatically collect information as you browse, such as Internet Service Provider, browser type and version, operating system and device type, average time spent on our site(s), pages viewed, information accessed, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and other relevant statistics. Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data.