We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Reject All
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorised as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
search
close
About
Company Overview
Ambimat History
About Our Director
Why Ambimat?
Solutions
AeroSpace
AmbiSpace
Industrial Automation
AmbiAutomation
Logistics
AmbiLogistics
Medical
AmbiSense
Payment
AmbiPay
Powered Card
Security
Utility
AmbiPower
AmbiPower UDR App
Design
AmbiIoT
Medicals
Music
Robotics
Security
Sound
Design Services
Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) / Contract Manufacturing
Embedded Software Services
Flexible printed circuit boards (PCBs)
Hardware Design, Manufacturing, Assembly and Testing
Mobile App Development And Cloud Computing Services
Outsourcing R&D and Design Partnerships
Supply Chain Management
Turn key Design and Development solutions
Design by Technology
Ethernet
LoRa and SigFox
Machine 2 Machine (M2M)
NFC/UHF/RFID
Sound
Wifi
Zigbee
Clients & Vendors
For Developers
Blogs
Developer Resources
Success Stories
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At Ambimat Electronics, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy. We value your privacy and appreciate your trust in us. This Policy describes how we treat user information we collect on
http://www.ambimat.com
, software applications or other offline sources. This Privacy Policy applies to current and former visitors to our website. By visiting and/or using our website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
http://www.ambimat.com
is a property of
Ambimat Electronics
“LAXMI”, B/h St. Xavier’s School, Nr. Central Automobiles,
Mirzapur road, Mirzapur, Ahmedabad – 380001 Gujarat, India
Email:-
support@ambimat.com
Who We Are
Ambimat Electronics provide design, development, testing, supply chain, manufacturing, networking, cloud computing, and mobile application development services. With design experience of close to 4 decades of excellence, world-class talent, and innovative breakthroughs, Ambimat Electronics has come a long way to become one of India’s leading IoT(Internet of things) product designers and manufacturers today. Our focus on high-quality and economically viable systems combined with unmatched consistency has made us the firm of choice throughout India. Ambimat Electronics is a single-stop solution enabler to leading PSUs, private sector companies, and start-ups to deliver design capabilities and develop manufacturing capabilities in various industries and markets. We have worked on projects spanning a number of different industries, including
Aerospace and Defense
,
Industrial Automation
,
Medical
,
Retail
,
Utilities.
Data Collected
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information if you create an account, subscribe, participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide willingly while applying for jobs on our website or send us a customer service request for your project needs.
We collect anonymous data from every visitor of the Website to monitor traffic and fix bugs. For example, we collect information like web requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol address, the browser type, the browser language, and a timestamp for the request. This information is collected from a Google Analystics Engine we run on the backend of our website.
We also use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Use of the Data
We only use your personal information that you provide to us to communicate with you about the services you have requested.
We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized access of data about you that we store, including personal information.
We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, unless:
Doing so is appropriate to carry out your own request
We believe it’s needed to enforce our legal agreements or that is legally required
We believe it’s needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security or technical issues
Sharing of Data
We don’t share your personal information with third parties. Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Website and service.
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Facebook. If you click on one of the links to third party websites, you may be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Cookies
We may use cookies on our site to remember your preferences. At present we DO NOT use cookies but may implement them in the near future to serve your needs better.
Opt-Out, Communication Preferences
You may modify your communication preferences and/or opt-out from specific communications at any time. Please specify and adjust your preferences.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure.
Grievance Officer
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Ambimat Electronics
“LAXMI”, B/h St. Xavier’s School, Nr. Central Automobiles,
Mirzapur road, Mirzapur, Ahmedabad – 380001 Gujarat, India
Email:-
support@ambimat.com
Phone:
+91 79255 01989
If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns, you can also email us at
support@ambimat.com
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
If we make major changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website or sending you an email.
Jurisdiction
If you choose to visit the website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and the website’s terms of use. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes arising under this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India and courts of Ahmedabad, India will have full jurisdiction over the matter.