Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 23, 2024
Your privacy is important to us.
We’re Wegital HK Limited (“We” or
          “Us”), the company of Pica AI with this Privacy Policy,
w
e’ll explain how
w
e process the personal
information
of Users (“User” or “You”) of the
Pica AI mobile application (“App”), the Pica AI official
          website (
http://pica-ai.com
, “Site”)
or those who otherwise interact with
u
s
(collectively the “Services”)
.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your
          personal information collected or received by Pica AI when you are
          using our Services. In this Policy, “personal information”
          refers to any information or combination of information that can be
          used to identify, contact, or locate an individual to whom the
          collected information pertains.
The following bullets highlight a few key details about our Services
          and security measures:
Pica AI provides photo- and video-enhancing services. It enhances
            photos by
sharpening photos, removing focus blur, and improving
            resolution
. Also, it gives you the ability to swap faces in photos and
            videos.
Pica AI's technologies are not used to identify or authenticate
            people
in photos
or videos.
You retain control over the photos and videos you upload, enhance,
            and generate using Pica AI. We don’t sell, trade, or claim
            ownership of any of your photos or videos.
Your photos and videos uploaded by you aren’t used to train
            our AI technologies but your generated content may be used to do
            that.
Your photos and videos are safeguarded with appropriate security
            measures, following privacy and data protection laws and industry
            standards. This includes encryption and cloud storage for enhanced
            security.
By using our services, you are agreeing to this policy and the
          collection, use, processing, retention, disclosure, and sharing of
          your user information, including your personal information, in the
          manner provided in this policy. If you do not agree with any of the
          terms of this policy or any subsequent changes to this policy, please
          do not use our services.
Your use of our Services constitutes a contract between you and us,
          which includes the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
Types of data and how data is used
The following activities are always performed when you use our
          Services. It means that if you decide to access the Services and use
          the features, your personal data will be used for the purposes listed
          in this section. If you choose not to provide your personal data, you
          won’t be able to use the Services.
a) Service delivery
We use your personal data to enable you to use our Services, and to
          provide you with its functionalities. Examples of using the Services
          include enhancing your photos and swapping faces. Examples of the
          functionalities provided include the information shown to you about
          the Services.
Categories of data.
The following data is used:
User identifiers (such as Apple ID)
Mobile identifiers (such as IP address, device identifiers, and
            custom identifiers that we generate to identify our users)
            (applicable to App only)
Device information (such as device model, device type, OS version,
            device language, device name, and region)
Information about your subscription
Information about your interaction with the App and the Site
Photos and videos you upload, and photos and videos generated by
            the app (such as enhanced photos). To use our Services, the App
            needs access to your library and camera. You need to expressly allow
            this access through the request pop-up that appears on your device.
            Until you decide to upload photos, the photos don’t leave your
            device and are not stored on our servers.
Metadata extracted from the photos that you upload for enhancement
            (for example, gender, age, skin tone)
Information about faces in the photos and videos you upload,
            including, for example, information that estimates the location and
            shape of facial features (”Face Data”). Depending on the
            applicable law of your jurisdiction,  Face Data may be
            considered biometric data.  We use Face Data only to enhance
            your photos and create the AI photos and videos you request unless
            you specifically consent to other processing of this data. In no
            instance does Pica AI process Face Data to identify or authenticate
            people in photos or videos you upload.
Legal basis.
These activities are based on our contract with you. However,
          if you upload photos and/or videos that include people other than
          yourself, the activities described above are based on your legitimate
          interest in using our Services. The processing of Face Data to perform
          these activities is based on your consent. If you upload images that
          include minors, you as the holder of parental responsibility also
          consent to the processing of Face Data related to them.
b) Customer support
We use your personal data to send you administrative and technical
          updates and to process and respond to your customer support requests
          and any other communications you send us.
Categories of data.
The following data is used:
Identifiers (such as name and email address)
The content of your communication
Legal basis.
These activities are based on our
contract
with you.
c) Service improvement
Your personal data may be used to improve and develop our products
          and Services. For example, we may process your data to conduct
          statistical analyses or other research activities to optimize our
          features and provide you with new ones.
Categories of data.
The following data is used:
User identifiers (such as Apple ID)
Mobile identifiers (such as IP address, device identifiers, and
            custom identifiers that we generate to identify our users)
            (applicable to App only)
Device information (such as device model, device type, OS version,
            device language, device name, and region)
Information about your subscription
Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, and
            information about network usage, Internet connectivity, latency,
            failures, crashes, and error logs)
Information about your interaction with the App and the Site
Inferences we generate and other related information about your use
            of and experience with the App and the Site (such as your responses
            to in-service surveys and your feedback)
Metadata extracted from the images that you upload for enhancement
            (for example, gender, age, skin tone)
Legal basis.
These activities are based on our legitimate interest in
          improving our products.
d) Troubleshooting
We use your personal data to ensure the quality and the proper
          functioning of our Services by analyzing, preventing, and correcting
          failures and bugs, and to prevent the illicit use or misuse of the
          Services.
Categories of data.
The following data is used:
User identifiers (such as Apple ID)
Mobile identifiers (such as IP address, device identifiers, and
            custom identifiers that we generate to identify our users)
            (applicable to App only)
Device information (such as device model, device type, OS version,
            device language, device name, and region)
Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, and
            information about network usage, Internet connectivity, latency,
            failures, crashes, and error logs)
Inferences we generate about your usage of the App and the
            Site
Legal basis.
These activities are based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the
          quality and the proper functioning of our Services.
e) Profiling
We analyze information about you and the way you use the Services to
          create your user profile. We use the user profile to improve our
          products, develop new features, and provide you with relevant offers
          and a customized in-service experience. For example, we may use your
          data in conducting user experience research activities.
Categories of data.
The following data is used:
User identifiers (such as Apple ID)
Mobile identifiers (such as IP address, device identifiers, and
            custom identifiers that we generate to identify our users)
            (applicable to App only)
Information about your interaction with the App and the Site
Inferences We generate about your use of and experience with the
            Services
Your answers to the surveys and the data included in such
            answers
Legal basis.
These activities are based on our legitimate interest in
          improving and customizing our services.
f) Extraordinary circumstances: For compliance with legal
          obligations
Your personal data may be used to comply with our legal obligations,
          including requests from public authorities, and to prove that we have
          complied with them, such as in the event of a request from a public
          authority.
Categories of data.
We may process any kind of information that may be required by
          law or under the instructions of public authorities.
Legal basis.
When this activity is required by a specific legal obligation,
          your personal data may be used to the extent required to comply with
          the legal obligation itself. When the applicable law leaves some
          discretion in assessing the appropriate way to comply with it, your
          personal data is used based on our legitimate interest to prove our
          compliance.
g) Extraordinary circumstances: For defense
Your personal data may be used to establish, exercise, or defend our
          rights and those of our employees, and to carry out corporate
          transactions or operations. For example, your data may be processed in
          the event of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, and sale
          of assets or assignments, as well as the due diligence related to any
          such transactions.
Categories of data.
We may process any kind of information necessary to ensure the
          correct execution of the activity.
Legal basis.
This activity is based on our legitimate interest to establish,
          exercise, or defend our rights, and to carry out corporate
          transactions or operations.
Retention of your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods depending on what
          it is, and how we use it:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal
            info or the content you create or upload, like photos and videos.
            We’ll keep this data in your account until you remove it or
            choose to have it removed.
We keep some data until you delete your account, such as
            information about how often you use our Services.
And some data we retain for longer periods when necessary for
            legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and
            abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that
          your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or
          retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our Services
          protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of
          this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when
          copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
The information collected by us about the use of our Services is
          usually transferred to our servers in the USA and stored there.
          It’s worth noting that since we have offices in
the People’s Republic of China and the Hong Kong Special
          Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China
          (“Hong Kong”)
, the information we collect could be visited and processed in the
          abovementioned regions.
Recipients of your data
Your personal data may be transmitted to trusted and reliable third
          parties. This happens only when there are lawful grounds for the
          transmission. We don’t sell your data, including your photos and
          videos, to third parties under any circumstances.
The types of third parties to which your data may be transmitted are
          as follows:
Third parties that carry out activities related to our business and
            operations. Such parties can operate on our behalf as data
            processors (for example, IT or storage service providers).
Advisors and new owners, in the event that we carry out a corporate
            transaction or operation such as a merger, acquisition,
            reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and as a part of the
            associated due diligence.
Public, judicial, or police authorities, within the limits
            established by applicable laws.
Other parties as necessary (for example, competent authorities), if
            we have reason to believe that your actions are inconsistent with
            our user agreements or policies or that you’ve violated the
            law, or if it’s necessary to protect our rights, property, and
            safety or that of our users, the public, or others.
Additionally, we may share your personal data if it’s required
          for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, or if you give us your
          consent to do so.
We may share your personal data with the following third parties:
Names or the Categories of the Third Party
Privacy Policies
Purpose of Sharing
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Use your Facebook account to login
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Use your Google account to log in and purchase content or
                subscribe
Apple ID
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Use your Apple account to log in and purchase content or
                subscribe
Stripe
https://stripe.com/zh-us/privacy
Purchase content or subscribe on the Site
Your Rights
You can always retain control of your personal data. Depending on
          your location, you have certain rights in relation to your data that
          you can exercise at any time and without charge, in accordance with
          the limitations and exceptions stated by the applicable privacy laws.
          These include the following:
Right to access and receive a copy of information about the
            processing of your personal data (access).
Right to request that your personal data be updated, rectified, or
            integrated (rectification).
Right to request that your personal data be deleted
            (erasure).
Right to request that processing of your personal data be
            restricted (restriction of processing).
Right to receive a portable electronic copy of your personal data
            (data portability).
Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process your personal
            data, you have the right to object to such processing in whole or in
            part (objection). In particular, you have the right to object to the
            processing of your personal data for direct marketing, including
            profiling.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you
            have the right to withdraw your consent (consent withdrawal). If you
            do so, the processing carried out before your withdrawal will remain
            valid, but thereafter we’ll no longer process your data for
            that purpose.
You also have the right to complain before the applicable regulator
          in the jurisdiction where you reside, if you think we’ve
          violated the applicable privacy laws and we haven’t addressed
          your request.
How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights, you can submit a request on the
Feedback
page. If you want to submit a request by email or if you have
          any other questions about privacy or data protection, you can contact
          us at
support@pica-ai.com
. You need to describe your request with sufficient details that
          allow us to understand and respond to it. You may only make a
          verifiable consumer request for information within a calendar
          year.
We may take some reasonable steps to verify your identity before
          responding to your request, such as asking you for information and
          making sure it matches the data available to us. If you submit a
          request to exercise a right as an authorized agent, we may ask you to
          provide proof of your authorization or we may contact the subject of
          the confirmation request, in accordance with applicable privacy
          laws.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45
          days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will
          inform you of the reason and extension period by email, telephone, or
          other electronic means.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable
          consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
          unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will
          tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost
          estimate before completing your request.
You won’t be discriminated against for exercising your privacy
          rights.
Information about Children
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from
          children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to
          your region). If you are under such age, please do not send your
          personal information to us, including but not limited to your name,
          address, phone number, or email address. If you believe we may have
          any information about children under 16 (or any other age stipulated
          by law applicable to your region), you may report on the
          「Feedback」 page or send an email to
support@pica-ai.com
. If we learn that we have collected personal information from
          children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to
          your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information
          and terminate the associated account.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may modify, integrate, or update—in whole or in
          part—this Privacy Policy. We’ll notify users of any
          modification, integration, or update in accordance with applicable
          privacy laws.
If we make modifications, we’ll notify you by revising the date
          at the top of this privacy policy, and, under certain circumstances,
          we may also notify you by additional means (such as via email, pop-up,
          or push notification).