LED Banner - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Scope, responsible entity, legal basis & retention period
Scope of Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains the nature, purpose and scope of the collection and processing of personal data for the following "LED Banner” applications:
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id6446400507
Name and address of responsible entity
The responsible entity within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws is:
78, Dochonbuk-ro, Jungwon-gu,
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea
NAME: MIN CHUL KEE
E-mail: dolphiny.saru@gmail.com
Scope of data processing
In case where we make our services available free of charge, we finance our services through personalized advertising.
Data processing operations
Google Analytics for Firebase
We use Google Analytics for Firebase to learn more about how our users interact with our apps. This helps us to improve our apps in areas where they are most relevant to our users. Anonymous data about how users behave is automatically sent to Google Analytics for Firebase servers. Such data includes Mobile ad IDs, IDFVs/Android IDs, Instance IDs, Analytics App Instance IDs and the type (EAN, UPC, QR, ..) of scanned barcodes. For more information see Data collection. Sent data DOES NOT include the content of the scanned barcode or any other personal information such as name, email address or phone number. The ID-associated data will be stored for 60 days. Aggregated reporting and campaign data will be stored for up to 14 months. The collection of data can be deactivated in the settings of our barcode scanner apps by unchecking "Usage statistics".
Google Adsense
We use Google Adsense and show personalized ads within our barcode scanner apps to finance our development where apps are provided free of charge. Google Adsense stores user data including IP address and other personal data which can be used to identify the user's browser for the purpose of billing advertisers for ad clicks and detecting fraudulent clicks. The IP address will be anonymized after 9 months. For more information about Google Adsense and how to opt-out of personalized ads see
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
.
Crashlytics
We use "Crashlytics" from Google. Crashlytics identifies software errors and their causes. Crashlytics collects the following data: device state information, device type, device ID and stores it anonymously for up to 3 years. The purpose of the data collection is the identification of software errors and their causes. For more information about the Crashlytics privacy notices see
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/media/try.crashlytics.com/en//terms/privacy-policy.pdf
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.