Summary of Privacy Policy
The app (the "Application") is powered by Dynamify Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under number 09575041 with its registered office at 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GU ("Dynamify", "we", "our", and "us"). The Application is operated by T (the "Operator. This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting the Application, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), Dynamify Limited is registered as a data controller under number A8073591.
Information We May Collect from You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us by filling in forms on the Application, or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use the Application, subscribe to our service, make a payment on the Application, and when you report a problem with the Application. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address, phone number, employer details (eg, organisation, building, floor number) and personal description.
If you provide feedback in relation to your visit to a "Venue" (defined as a store, café, central kitchen or restaurant) listed on the Application, we will process such information for analysis and statistical purposes.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Location data (where activated and you have agreed to this on your mobile device) so that the appropriate Venues serving your physical location (office or otherwise) can be shown in the Application.
With regard to each of your visits to the Application we may automatically collect information about your computer and/or your mobile device, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Payment Information
In order to pay a bill using the Application, you will need to enter your payment information. Payment processing services are provided by a specialist third party provider called Stripe (the "Payments Processor").By inputting your payment information, you agree to use of that information by the Payments Processor for the purpose of paying your bill and processing your payment.
Uses Made of the Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information: to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us; to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about; to notify you about changes to our service; to ensure that content from the Application is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information: to administer the Application and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to improve the Application to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and as part of our efforts to keep the Application safe and secure.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of the Information
Your personal information may be shared with the Operator, their subsidiaries, their ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. The Operator will not permit your personal data to be used for any purposes not listed in this policy without securing your prior consent first. We may share your name and special instructions associated with each order that you place in the Application with the Venue you selected. This is to ensure that they can correctly fulfil (including your dietary requirements), label and deliver the order without incident. We will never share your contact details (ie, email address and phone number) with a Venue or any other third party. Any communication between you and a Venue is only ever managed through the Application and they are not able to contact you directly by any other means.We may share your feedback (anonymised and without reference to your personal data) with the Venue to which such feedback refers for the purpose of improving the customer experience at that Venue. We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation. This should only apply in relation to the country that you registered to use the Application.
Cookies
In order to improve the Application, we may use small files commonly known as "cookies". A cookie is a small amount of data which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to in this policy as a "device") from the Application and is stored on your device's hard drive.A cookie records on your device information relating to your internet activity (such as whether you have visited our website before). The cookies we use on the Application won't collect personally identifiable information about you and we won't disclose information stored in cookies that we place on your device to third parties.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics which is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. in order to understand how visitors to the Application use the Application.The Google Analytics cookies collect information about how people are using the Application, for example which pages are visited the most often, how people are moving from one link to another and if they get error messages from certain pages. The cookies do not gather any information that identifies you. The information these cookies collect is grouped together with information from other people's use of the Application on an anonymous basis. Overall, these cookies provide us with analytical information about how the Application is performing and how we can improve our service.
Storage of Your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you will be stored on our secure servers within the European Economic Area ("EEA").Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Application, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Application; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your Rights
We will never disclose your personal data to external third parties (who are not part of our network of Venues) for marketing purposes. We will from time to time send you promotional notifications through the Application based on your use of the Application. You have the right to ask us not to include you in these promotional notifications (this will not affect your right to redeem any promotions you have qualified for). You can also exercise this right at any time by contacting us at support@dynamify.com.
You have the right to ask us to delete your account on the Application at any point you choose - which would include removing any personal data we hold on our servers. Please contact support@dynamify.com if you would like to exercise this right.
The Application may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be sent by email to support@dynamify.com
Last Updated: 6 April 2023