Terms and Conditions
Last updated: April 22, 2023
These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) govern your relationship with the Pocket Alert website (the “Service”) operated by ROMAN FRANK PR RAČUNARSKO PROGRAMIRANJE BEOGRAD (“us”, “we”, or “our”). Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.
1. Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of us and our licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of Serbia and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without our prior written consent.
2. Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
3. Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
4. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall we, nor our directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
5. Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or course of performance.
We, our subsidiaries, affiliates, and our licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure, or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
6. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Serbia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
7. Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us by email at
info@pocketalert.app
, or by mail at:
ROMAN FRANK PR RAČUNARSKO PROGRAMIRANJE BEOGRAD
ĐURE JAKŠIĆA 1 sp.2
BEOGRAD, STARI GRAD
11000, Serbia