Skip to content
# 1 Platform for business processes automation
Damu BPM –
is a BPMS platform with integrated Low-code language that allows you to automate business processes with minimum hand-coding efforts. Using our BPA tools helped our clients to automate the routine manual processes thus reduced operating costs. Their stuff are not buried in endless paperwork but track and control the processes.
GET
Robotic process automation for recruitment process, automatic creation of orders
Legal department automation and robotics, auto-generation of standard contract
Schedule debt collection phone calls
Robotic process automation in Finance and Accounting, balance sheet reconciliation, electronic document management
Collaborative environment with customers on basis of banking apps
What are the features of DamuCRM?
Digitization that significantly improve communication between employees
Digitization interaction with company`s counterparties via external document flow services
Digitization the processes and document flow
Distance working - all you need is a browser on your mobile or stationary device
Save time by automating and digitizing your company`s business processes, to support system just undergo the training
Distance working - all you need is a browser on your mobile or stationary device
Save time by automating and digitizing your company`s business processes, to support system just undergo the training
Use e-Sign
A tool that seamlessly integrate with other platforms (websites, databases, servers etc.)
Robotizing organization`s operations
Benefits
App server works on Linux, no need of Windows license
Use web-browser, no need of Citrix license
DamuCRM generates output PDF files and group statements. There`s no need of MS Office license.
DamuCRM works on PostgreSQL13, so no need of Oracle or Postgres license.
Doesn`t require DEVOps. Ready-made CI-CD
You don`t have to train and support a team of IT-engineers, DamuCRM uses automated testing
A small team of IT-analysts provided on account of BPMN 2.0
Mobile staff work on smartphone or tablet
Fast developing of new processes
Trusted by
Standard pack of Document flow includes:
Internal document flow
Office memo
Orders
Meeting minutes
External document flow
Incoming mail
Outgoing mail
Integration with external system of EDF Onedoc.kz
Processes
Approval
Performance
Onboarding
Signature +e-Sign
Options
Mobile App
Seamless integration with 1C
Introduction
GET DEMO
DamuBPM Platform
BPMN process designer
Lua
API
Mobile App
Kafka Rabbit MQ exchanges
S3 file storage
GET DEMO
QUESTIONS?
SEND
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://damubpm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/privacy-policy.pdf:
