Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Apps Privacy Polic
y
This document describes information gathering and dissemination used by developer. Please read as follows to find more about our usage of your information, type and purpose. We are very clear and transparent. we really care about privacy of your information.
Collecting and use of information in Apps Personally identifiable information:
We don't accumulate or record your email address or information our solitary lone basic targets are to upgrade and enhance product features, except you send us an email or intentionally agree to submit information to connect with us. We especially recognize you as customer to our organization we don't offer any contact/information or messages to any exhibiting associations or to sponsors.
Non-Personally identifiable information:
Accumulation and use of data also includes our third parties. This data gathering is about you and your device such as device location, status (kind of device, ability, model, version etc), web signals quality related to Wifi, applications and all practically identical specific data about your device which excludes your personal information to alter and improve users experience.
Advertising
We also recognize promotions from third parties as reference mentioned above. These promoting ads may be appeared in our Apps. We select advertisement organisers carefully to keep up consistence according to proper protection privacy laws. Promoters may use cookies and other web-following data to assemble non-individual information about your device. Plus,we may publicise our diverse Apps inside the Apps, as you can stay away from these advertisements by using OPT-OUT as depicted beforehand. You can get some answers concerning our the advertising party’s privacy approaches here.
We may be using any of these Ad networks.
Audience Network:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy/
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Heyzap:
https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Analytics
We use Firebase Analytics to consequently get and store certain sort of information whenever you interact with our products this includes how frequently you use app, to what extent you use and what achievements you've unlocked. These entire things improve our intuitiveness for your better comprehension of beguilement in using our apps. You can get some answers concerning Firebase Analytics Privacy Policy here:
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
Security
To safe your confidentiality and your information, we use applications industry standards to ensure privacy yet not confined to firewalls. Encoded transmissions and information encryptions of your data, anyway heartbreakingly no data encryptions on web can be sheltered, we can't ensure the security of your information you transmit while we try to safe your information. You will use these organizations all alone hazard.
Stores
If you purchase our product or do in app purchases you need to enter payment methods which will require your very close information, regardless, all data's given are secure because every such events are taken securely by the app stores and your charge, card information isn't seen by us. Application store use totally secure standards to ensure you.
Opt-out
You can simply control your information and confidential, if you don’t need that marketing parties to show you promotions that are according to your inclination you can select No option in application Opt-Out Screen. The Opt-Out Consent Screen come when you first time play the game and in settings or main menu of the application.
Information related to children
Policy regarding kid’s privacy appointment is to give the legitimate guardian of a child younger than 13 years with direction in regards to our privacy policy that concern gathering, utilising and uncovering individual data of children under 13.Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and we recognizes those rights. We don’t directly gather personal data from children under the age 13 as that would be an infringement of COPPA. Some data might be gathered by outsider suppliers of administrations (promoting systems, and so forth.) or certain products.
Privacy Policy Updates
In order to make it even better and smooth we update our privacy policy from time to time. We request you to occasionally survey this page for the most recent privacy practices for your better information.
Contact
You must have questions or ambiguities. We look forward to assisting you. You can write us at anytime on our email address
appstore.primary.va@gmail.com
Last updated on Mar 22, 2022
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it