Your Privacy is Important to Us
Privacy policy
Effective Date: May 20, 2018
DJBox.ie is committed to protecting your privacy. With this in mind our servers are all PCI DSS compliant and all credit card transactions are SSL secure.
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather about you when you visit the DJBox.ie Site and describes how we use that information. Our policy is to keep the personal information we receive from our Site completely confidential and used solely for internal purposes. We will not share your personal information with any other parties.
This Privacy Policy applies to
Faize Sound and Lighting Ltd.
, owned and operated websites and its subdomains (“Sites”). Faize Sound and Lighting Ltd (Faize Sound and Lighting Ltd./DJbox.ie” “we,” or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. We are also mindful of your rights and the protections afforded to you by GDPR. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Djbox.ie when you access the Sites and Djbox.ie Service (including through the websites of our partners), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms. The use of information collected through our Sites shall be limited to the purposes under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service to customers.
1 - Information We collect on our own behalf
(a) Our Service: We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your first and second name, phone number, email address, or similar, when you register for an account. If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information. When you use the Djbox.ie website or services or if you visit our websites, we may receive certain information about you as described below. We may use this information to also send you promotional emails, we may send you service related emails related to your account. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out of them by canceling your account or unsubscribing in the mail received.
(b) Cookies And Tracking Technologies: Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Djbox.ie. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Sites, tracking your movements around the Sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We use cookies to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Sites, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Sites may be limited. This website uses our own technology as well as Google tools, to track user activity, page content, click/touch, movement, scroll, and keystroke activity (in some cases). We use Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google AdWords (Conversion Tracking), LinkedIn (Conversion Tracking). Some or all of these tools may be used to track information about your behavior on our website depending on your region. For more information or to opt-out, please visit the respective website(s) of these vendors or contact us.
2 - Information we collect on behalf of third Parties
Cookies And Tracking Technologies: Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by our partners, affiliates, analytics or service providers. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Sites, tracking your movements around the Sites and to gather demographic information about our userbase as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by such companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
3 - How We Use Your Information
(a) We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our Sites and the Djbox.ie Services and to respond to your questions and concerns. The legal basis is section 6(1)(f) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
(b) If you have given your consent, we use the information that we collect to send you marketing communications in our newsletter. The legal basis is 6(1)(a) of GDPR.
4 - How We Share Your Information
(a) Personally Identifiable Information: DJbox.ie will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of DJbox.ie (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). This information may be stored in locations outside of the EU. In these instances we will continue to protect your data and information to the very best of our abilities. Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on our Sites or the DJbox.ie Services, such as posting comments on our blog page, will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on our Sites or the DJbox.ie Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our Sites or the DJbox.ie Service, or if other users have copied or saved that information. Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
(b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain DJbox.ie Services and those of our partners. Non-personally identifiable information may be stored indefinitely.
(c) Instances Where We Are Required To Share Your Information: DJbox.ie will disclose your information where required to do so by law, if subject to subpoena or other legal proceeding or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of DJbox.ie, our users or others.
(d) What Happens In The Event Of A Change Of Control: We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, and other User information related to the DJbox.ie Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
(e) Testimonials: We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at
info@djbox.ie
5 - Storage and Processing
Your information collected through the DJbox.ie Service may be stored and processed in the United States, Europe, or any other country in which DJbox.ie or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and acquire services. DJbox.ie may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. In instances where data is transferred outside the EU DJbox will do our upmost to ensure that all data is protected in line with GDPR guidelines. If you have concenrs about the use of your data or how we use your data, or the transfer of your data outside the EU please contact us before using our website.
6 - How We Protect Your Information
DJbox.ie is concerned with protecting your privacy and data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to DJbox.ie or guarantee that your information on the DJbox.ie Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. When you enter sensitive information (such as log in credentials) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at info@djbox.ie. We use an outside service platform, and a credit card processing company to bill you if you purchase services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
7 - Privacy Shield
DJbox.ie complies with the EU GDPR framework as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries.
8 - Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a breach of security, Djbox.ie will promptly notify our customers in compliance with applicable law.
9 - Your Choices About Your Information
For current DJbox.ie customers, you can review, correct, update or delete inaccuracies to the information about you that Mouseflow keeps on file by logging into your account to update your password and billing information. Data protection law gives you a range of rights in connection with our processing of your personal data. In this regard, you have the right to request that we rectify or delete the personal data or restrict the processing of your personal data, if you think they are inaccurate. Furthermore, you have the right to object against the processing based on our legitimate interests as a legal basis. We are required to assess and act on your request. Additionally, you also have the right to data portability if it should become relevant. You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your rights under data protection law, you can contact our Data Protection Officer: Mark Fay, Djbox.ie
10 - Our Retention Of Your Information
(a) If you have an account with DJbox.ie, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
(b) If you are a visitor to the Djbox.ie Sites we will retain your information for as long as necessary but no longer than one (1) year after your last visit to our Sites.
11 - Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Djbox.ie does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
info@djbox.ie
12 - Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Service, as determined by Djbox.ie in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
13 - Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Djbox.ie Service or Sites, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the DJbox.ie Service or Sites to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
Social Media Widgets: Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and other widgets, that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the organization providing it.
14 - Changes to Our Privacy Policy
All changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at
info@djbox.ie
, or send mail to:
Djbox.ie - 8 Cookstown Enterprise Park, Old Belgard Road, Taillight, Dublin 24, Ireland.
Phone 015329845
Email info@djbox.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.djbox.ie/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Privacy policy
Last updated: December 2, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how DJbox.ie DJ Shop (the "Site", "we", "us", or "our") collects, uses, and discloses your personal information when you visit, use our services, or make a purchase from www.djbox.ie (the "Site") or otherwise communicate with us regarding the Site (collectively, the "Services"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "you" and "your" means you as the user of the Services, whether you are a customer, website visitor, or another individual whose information we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site, update the "Last updated" date and take any other steps required by applicable law.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
To provide the Services, we collect personal information about you from a variety of sources, as set out below. The information that we collect and use varies depending on how you interact with us.
In addition to the specific uses set out below, we may use information we collect about you to communicate with you, provide or improve or improve the Services, comply with any applicable legal obligations, enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
What Personal Information We Collect
The types of personal information we obtain about you depends on how you interact with our Site and use our Services. When we use the term "personal information", we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes or can be associated with you. The following sections describe the categories and specific types of personal information we collect.
Information We Collect Directly from You
Information that you directly submit to us through our Services may include:
Contact details
including your name, address, phone number, and email.
Order information
including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment confirmation, email address, and phone number.
Account information
including your username, password, security questions and other information used for account security purposes.
Shopping information
including the items you view, put in your cart, saved into your account like loyalty points, reviews, referrals or gift cards, or purchases.
Loyalty points/product reviews/referrals/gift cards saved
Customer support information
including the information you choose to include in communications with us, for example, when sending a message through the Services.
Some features of the Services may require you to directly provide us with certain information about yourself. You may elect not to provide this information, but doing so may prevent you from using or accessing these features.
Information We Collect about Your Usage
We may also automatically collect certain information about your interaction with the Services ("
Usage Data
"). To do this, we may use cookies, pixels and similar technologies ("
Cookies
"). Usage Data may include information about how you access and use our Site and your account, including device information, browser information, information about your network connection, your IP address and other information regarding your interaction with the Services.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
Finally, we may obtain information about you from third parties, including from vendors and service providers who may collect information on our behalf, such as:
Companies who support our Site and Services, such as Shopify.
Our payment processors, who collect payment information (e.g., bank account, credit or debit card information, billing address) to process your payment in order to fulfill your orders and provide you with products or services you have requested, in order to perform our contract with you.
When you visit our Site, open or click on emails we send you, or interact with our Services or advertisements, we, or third parties we work with, may automatically collect certain information using online tracking technologies such as pixels, web beacons, software developer kits, third-party libraries, and cookies.
Any information we obtain from third parties will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also see the section below,
Third Party Websites and Links.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Providing Products and Services.
We use your personal information to provide you with the Services in order to perform our contract with you, including to process your payments, fulfill your orders, to send notifications to you related to your account, purchases, returns, exchanges or other transactions, to create, maintain and otherwise manage your account, to arrange for shipping, facilitate any returns and exchanges and other features and functionalities related to your account. We may also enhance your shopping experience by enabling Shopify to match your account with other Shopify services that you may choose to use. In this case, Shopify will process your information as set forth in its Privacy Policy and Consumer Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send marketing, advertising and promotional communications by email, text message or postal mail, and to show you advertisements for products or services. This may include using your personal information to better tailor the Services and advertising on our Site and other websites. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in selling our products, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
We use your personal information to detect, investigate or take action regarding possible fraudulent, illegal or malicious activity. If you choose to use the Services and register an account, you are responsible for keeping your account credentials safe. We highly recommend that you do not share your username, password, or other access details with anyone else. If you believe your account has been compromised, please contact us immediately. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in keeping our website secure for you and other customers, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Communicating with You and Service Improvement.
We use your personal information to provide you with customer support and improve our Services. This is in our legitimate interests in order to be responsive to you, to provide effective services to you, and to maintain our business relationship with you according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use Cookies on our Site. For specific information about the Cookies that we use related to powering our store with Shopify, see
https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookies
. We use Cookies to power and improve our Site and our Services (including to remember your actions and preferences), to run analytics and better understand user interaction with the Services (in our legitimate interests to administer, improve and optimize the Services). We may also permit third parties and services providers to use Cookies on our Site to better tailor the services, products and advertising on our Site and other websites.
Most browsers automatically accept Cookies by default, but you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject Cookies through your browser controls. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking Cookies can negatively impact your user experience and may cause some of the Services, including certain features and general functionality, to work incorrectly or no longer be available. Additionally, blocking Cookies may not completely prevent how we share information with third parties such as our advertising partners.
How We Disclose Personal Information
In certain circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties for contract fulfillment purposes, legitimate purposes and other reasons subject to this Privacy Policy. Such circumstances may include:
With vendors or other third parties who perform services on our behalf (e.g., IT management, payment processing, data analytics, customer support, cloud storage, fulfillment and shipping).
With business and marketing partners to provide services and advertise to you. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
When you direct, request us or otherwise consent to our disclosure of certain information to third parties, such as to ship you products or through your use of social media widgets or login integrations, with your consent.
With our affiliates or otherwise within our corporate group, in our legitimate interests to run a successful business.
In connection with a business transaction such as a merger or bankruptcy, to comply with any applicable legal obligations (including to respond to subpoenas, search warrants and similar requests), to enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
We disclose the following categories of personal information and sensitive personal information about users for the purposes set out above in
"How we Collect and Use your Personal Information"
and
"How we Disclose Personal Information"
:
Category
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers such as basic contact details and certain order and account information
Commercial information such as order information, shopping information and customer support information
Internet or other similar network activity, such as Usage Data
Geolocation data such as locations determined by an IP address or other technical measures
Vendors and third parties who perform services on our behalf (such as Internet service providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, customer support partners and data analytics providers)
Business and marketing partners
Affiliates
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your consent or for the purposes of inferring characteristics about you.
With your consent we share personal information for the purpose of engaging in advertising and marketing activities, as follows.
Third Party Websites and Links
Our Site may provide links to websites or other online platforms operated by third parties. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by us, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions. We do not guarantee and are not responsible for the privacy or security of such sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of information found on these sites. Information you provide on public or semi-public venues, including information you share on third-party social networking platforms may also be viewable by other users of the Services and/or users of those third-party platforms without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party. Our inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content on such platforms or of their owners or operators, except as disclosed on the Services.
Children's Data
The Services are not intended to be used by children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children. If you are the parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with their personal information, you may contact us using the contact details set out below to request that it be deleted.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not have actual knowledge that we “share” or “sell” (as those terms are defined in applicable law) personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Security and Retention of Your Information
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee “perfect security.” In addition, any information you send to us may not be secure while in transit. We recommend that you do not use insecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information to us.
How long we retain your personal information depends on different factors, such as whether we need the information to maintain your account, to provide the Services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce other applicable contracts and policies.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have some or all of the rights listed below in relation to your personal information. However, these rights are not absolute, may apply only in certain circumstances and, in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Access / Know
: You may have a right to request access to personal information that we hold about you, including details relating to the ways in which we use and share your information.
Right to Delete
: You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we maintain about you.
Right to Correct
: You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Right of Portability
: You may have a right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to request that we transfer it to a third party, in certain circumstances and with certain exceptions.
Right to Opt out of Sale or Sharing or Targeted Advertising
: You may have a right to direct us not to "sell" or "share" your personal information or to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes considered to be "targeted advertising", as defined in applicable privacy laws. Please note that if you visit our Site with the Global Privacy Control opt-out preference signal enabled, depending on where you are, we will automatically treat this as a request to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of information for the device and browser that you use to visit the Site.
Restriction of Processing
: You may have the right to ask us to stop or restrict our processing of personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent
: Where we rely on consent to process your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw this consent.
Appeal
: You may have a right to appeal our decision if we decline to process your request. You can do so by replying directly to our denial.
Managing Communication Preferences
: We may send you promotional emails, and you may opt out of receiving these at any time by using the unsubscribe option displayed in our emails to you. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or orders that you have made.
You may exercise any of these rights where indicated on our Site or by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. We may need to collect information from you to verify your identity, such as your email address or account information, before providing a substantive response to the request. In accordance with applicable laws, you may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. We will respond to your request in a timely manner as required under applicable law.
Complaints
If you have complaints about how we process your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, depending on where you live you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using the contact details set out below, or lodge your complaint with your local data protection authority. For the EEA, you can find a list of the responsible data protection supervisory authorities
here
.
International Users
Please note that we may transfer, store and process your personal information outside the country you live in. Your personal information is also processed by staff and third party service providers and partners in these countries.
If we transfer your personal information out of Europe, we will rely on recognized transfer mechanisms like the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, or any equivalent contracts issued by the relevant competent authority of the UK, as relevant, unless the data transfer is to a country that has been determined to provide an adequate level of protection.
Contact
Should you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise any of the rights available to you, please call or email us at info@djbox.ie or contact us at 8 Cookstown Enterprise Park, Old Belgard Road, Tallaght, D, D24 T8WD, IE.
For the purpose of applicable data protection laws and if not explicitly stated otherwise, we are the data controller of your personal information.
4.9 Google review rating
4.9 Star Google review rating with 262 genuine real Google reviews!
Secure payments
All of our payments are processed in compliance with PCI DSS requirements via SSL
Best service and support
We offer a free setup service on all hardware we sell. 24/7/365 phone and social media support.
Orders over €200 ship free
Orders with a value over €200 ship free. Only €10 Shipping on domestic orders below this.
Submit
Close
Get the app stay up to date
Scan the QR code below.
Download our app