SIP Calculator
Home
Privacy Legal Info
Important Links
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Mandatory Information
Global Investing Disclaimer
MF & PMS Disclosure
BSE Disclaimer
Regulatory Information
Eligible Scrips
SEBI Scores
Investment Advisory
Advisory for Investors
Margin Collection
Privacy Notice EU User
NSE Holidays
BSE Holidays
Mission and Vision
Investors Complaints
CDSL Evoting
Privacy Policy
Sebi circular dated October 12. 2023, has specified the Risk Management Framework at KRAs (KYC Registration Agencies) wherein the attributes for verification by KRAs have been mentioned. Based on the feedback received from the stakeholders in the securities market and for ease of transacting by clients, the provisions of the Master Circular dated October 12, 2023, have been reviewed and it has been decided to simplify the risk management framework, the markets regulator said in an official release.
We may collect following information from you, as you have disclosed to us:
Personal details (e.g. name, contact details including, phone number, residential address, date of birth, documents such as identity card / passport details / Aadhar details / PAN / Voter ID / driving license, and / or education details) provided by you to us to avail various services from us;
Your details including transaction history, balances and payment details, for effecting transfer of monies through various payment channels facilitated by us;
Financial details (e.g. income, expenses, and / or credit history) needed as a part of request for some of our products / services;
Images of documents / photos required to avail any of our products / services;
Voice recordings of conversations of you with our customer agent, to address your queries / grievances;
Employment details (e.g. occupation, positions held, employment history, salary and / or benefits) as part of our record retention for credit / various product evaluations or as required under Applicable Laws including Prevention of Money Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005;
Specimen signature(s) or consent for processing of your instructions received by us through our various payment and delivery channels;
Opinions provided by you to us by way of feedback or responses to surveys;
Information obtained from your mobile device by way of using our app like device location, communication information including contacts and call logs, device information (including storage, model and mobile network), transactional and promotional SMS / App notifications.
You hereby agree that, we may fetch or update your personal details from government agencies or regulated authorities like KYC Registration Agency's, Central Registry of Securitization Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest, Asset Management Company's, Registrar and Transfer Agency's, etc.
We shall not sell your personal information to any third party. However under certain conditions we would share this information:
We share information as part of normal business operations, such as providing you with any services to which you subscribe, and any activity related to these services such as collecting fees for those services, and informing you about these services; as part of normal legal/regulatory purposes required by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and other regulatory and government entities, and
We may occasionally invite selected third parties to participate in offers we feel would be attractive to customers of HDFC Securities customers.
It may become necessary for HDFC Securities to disclose your personal information to our agents and contractors, or to their subcontractors. However these parties would be required to use the information obtained from HDFC Securities for such use exclusively.
Your account information is protected by placing it in the secure portion of our Web site, which is why you need to enter your unique login username and password each time you want to access your account information.
Please note, we use your image for fraud prevention, security, and compliance along with account management.
Do help us protect your privacy by maintaining the secrecy of the username and password you use for any of our services.
Please note that this privacy policy does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party, nor is it intended to do so.
Upgrade to a better investing experience.
HDFC SKY APP
Download HDFC SKY Share Market App from Google Playstore and Appstore.
Open Free Demat Account Online
Start Investing
Sign up with Google
Sign up - Google
Open Free Demat Account
Sign up with Google
Or
Sign Up
Start Investing
Sign up - Google
By signing up I certify
terms, conditions
&
privacy policy
Email :
skysupport@hdfcsky.com
Customer Support :
18001212109
Email :
skysupport@hdfcsky.com
Customer Support :
18001212109
Follow us on
Product & Services
Tools & Platforms
Quick Links
Product & Services
Open Demat Account
Mutual Funds
ETF
Equity
Delivery
Intraday
Derivatives
Commodities
Margin Trading
IPO
Tools & Platforms
Stock Trading App
Web Trading Platform
Quick Links
Privacy Legal Info
Pricing
Contact us
Blogs
Learn
News
Follow us on
“Attention to Investors” & Disclaimer
Attention To Investors
Prevent unauthorised transactions in your account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with us. Receive information of your transactions directly from Stock Exchange / Depositories on your mobile/email at the end of the day.
ASBA: "No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investors account."
The securities are quoted as an example and not as a recommendation.
Investment in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing.
KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. Kindly note that as per NSE circulars nos: NSE/INVG/36333 dated November 17, 2018, NSE/INVG/37765 dated May 15.2018 and BSE circular nos: 20171117-18 dated November 17, 2018, 20180515-39 dated May 15.2018, trading in securities in which unsolicited messages are being circulated is restricted. The list of such stocks are available on the website of NSE & BSE. Investors are advised not to blindly follow the unfounded rumours, Tips given in social networks, SMS, WhatsApp, Blogs etc. and invest only after conducting appropriate analysis of respective companies.
Disclaimer
SEBI Registration No: INZ000186937 (NSE, BSE, MSEI, MCX) |NSE Trading Member Code: 11094 | BSE Clearing Number: 393 | MSEI Trading Member Code: 30000 | MCX Member Code: 56015 | IN-DP-372-2018 (CDSL, NSDL) | CDSL DP ID: 12095000 | NSDL DP ID: IN304279 | AMFI Reg No: ARN -13549 | PFRDA Reg. No: POP 11092018 | IRDA Corporate Agent Licence No: CA0062 | Research Analyst Reg. No: INH000002475 | Investment Adviser: INA000011538-Type-Non Individual | Validity of Registration: Perpetual, Principal Officer.
Registered Address: iThink Techno Campus, Building - B, Alpha, Office Floor 8, Near Kanjurmarg Station, Kanjurmarg (East), Mumbai - 400042 | Tel: 022-30753400 | Compliance Officer: Mr. Murli V Karkera | Ph: 022-3045 3600 | Email: complianceofficer@hdfcsec.com.
Contact: 022-68494702 | Email: investmentadvisers@hdfcsec.com | CIN: U67120MH2000PLC152193
HDFC Securities has a proprietary trading desk. This desk maintains an arm’s length distance with the Research team and all its activities are segregated from Research activities. The proprietary desk operates independently, potentially leading to investment decisions that may deviate from research views.
Important Links :
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
MF and PMS Disclosure
BSE Disclaimer
SEBI Scores
SMART ODR
SEBI Circular ( SMART ODR )
Investor Awareness
SEBI
BSE
NSE
MCX
NCDEX
CDSL
NSDL
Regulatory Information
Mission and Vision
Investor Complaints
CDSL Evoting
Client Collateral
HDFC SKY Demat (CDSL) Pledge Form
HDFC SKY Demat (CDSL) UnPledge Form
HDFC SKY Pledge Invocation Request(CDSL) form
HDFC SKY Demat Nomination Form
HDFC SKY Dematerialization(CDSL) Request form
HDFC SKY MF Dematerialization(CDSL) Request form
HDFC SKY Transposition(CDSL) Request form
HDFC SKY Transmission cum Dematerialization (CDSL) form
HDFC SKY Demat Account details Modification(CDSL)
HDFC SKY Freeze Unfreeze Form
HDFC SKY Margin Pledge Request Form
HDFC SKY Margin Unpledge Request Form
HDFC SKY Margin Invocation Request Form
HDFC SKY DP CDSL Change of Signature Form
HDFC SKY Payment Annexure for DIS
HDFC SKY BSDA conversion Form
HDFC SKY DIS annexure for UCC Details
HDFC SKY Demat account(CDSL) Transfer cum Closure Form
Buyer Annexure for DIS
Voluntary Freeze of online access of trading account ( Policy )
Guidelines on Online Account Closure
Good Till Triggered Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hdfcsec.com/Admin/CmsApp/MediaGalary/hsl.docs/HSL%20Privacy%20Notice%20%2015%20Nov%202018-201811161438342655350.pdf:
