Home
About Us
How it Works?
FAQs
Contact Us
Create Account
Login
Privacy Policy
Australia
Europe
United Kingdom
Canada
United Kingdom
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who Processes Your Personal Data?
We might ask you to provide us with Personal Data
How We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing your Personal Data
International Transfers
Identity Verification and Fraud Prevention Checks
Your Data Storage, Security and Retention of Your Personal Data
Notification in the Event of Breach
Contacting Roze Remit About Privacy Questions or Concerns
Privacy Policy Changes
Cookies
This Privacy Policy explains how Roze Remit uses your Personal Data collected or processed from you in providing an online facility for transferring money to others (“Service”). It should be read with Terms & Conditions that you agree with us when transferring money online though Roze Remit website
www.rozeinternational.com
.
Who processes your Personal Data?
We process and store Personal Data collected from you via your use of the Service or where you have given your consent.
We might ask you to provide us with Personal Data
We will request that you provide Personal Data when offering the Service to you. Whether or not we open account for you and allow to transfer money, we will use your personal data. This Personal Data we use may be about you as a personal or business customer and may include; Full name, home address, email, home or mobile numbers Copies of identification documentation (e.g. your ID or Passport, Driving License) Date of birth (e.g. to make sure you are eligible to apply) Financial details (e.g. Salary or proof in income and source of funds) Employment details (e.g. how you derive your income) Records of products and services you have obtained and applied for, how you use them and the relevant technology used to access or manage them (e.g. mobile phone location data, IP address, MAC address)
How we use your Personal Data for legal basis and purposes
We will process your personal data, necessary to perform our contract with you for the relevant account, policy or service;
To take steps at your request prior to entering into it
To decide whether to enter into it
To manage and perform the contract
To update our records
To trace your whereabouts to contact you about your account
As necessary for our own legitimate interests;
For good governance, accounting, managing and auditing our business operations
For good governance, accounting, managing and auditing our business operations
As necessary to comply with legal obligations, e.g;
For compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and related disclosures
For establishment and defence of legal rights
For activities relating to prevention, detection and investigation of crime
To verify your identity, fraud prevention and anti-money laundering checks
To monitor emails, calls, other communications and activities on your account
Based on your consent, e.g;
We use Personal Data to communicate with you and to administer, deliver, improve and personalise the Service
We might also generate generic data out of any Personal Data we collect and use it for our own purposes
We may also use such data to communicate with you in relation to other products or services offered by Roze Remit
We may request that you confirm your consent to receive such communications ('opt-in') or to indicate that you would not like to receive such communications or that they should be discontinued ('opt-out'). Where you opt-out, we will not use your Personal Data for direct marketing
We do not share your Personal Data with third parties (other than partners in connection with their services to Roze Remit except where you have given your consent
Sharing your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data with:
If we think that sharing it is necessary to enforce the terms of a contract with you or to protect the rights, property or safety of Roze Remit or the services provided by us
To enable us to comply with the law or to satisfy a legitimate government request or an order of any court of competent jurisdiction or any regulatory authority or, if necessary, to defend Roze Remit or its Subscribers (for example, in a lawsuit).
If you request a service or product that is administered by a third party, in order to allow us to respond to the request. If such third party is working for Roze Remit it may also send back to Roze Remit any new information obtained from you.
To Government bodies and agencies in UK and overseas (e.g. HMRC who may in turn share it with relevant overseas tax authorities and with regulators e.g, the Financial conduct authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office)
To allow us to co-operate with law enforcement agencies to identify anyone who uses our Service for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe are unlawful including exchanging information with other companies, organisations and agencies for the purposes of fraud protection
To third parties who provide services to Roze Remit (such as verification, administration or technical services). However we ensure that such partners do not use Personal Data for any other purposes, do not disclose it to anyone else and that they do not retain copies except as necessary to provide services to us or as required by law
Payment systems and gateways (e.g. Visa, Mastercard), who may transfer your personal data to verify your payment to us and to verify your transaction for regulatory purposes, resolve disputes and for statistical purposes, including sending your data overseas
Anyone else where we have your consent or as required by law
International Transfers
Your data may be transferred outside the UK and European Economic Area (EAA). While some countries have adequate protections for personal data under applicable laws, in other countries steps will be necessary to ensure appropriate safeguards apply to it. Since you are sending money to other countries. It may be required by pay-out partners and banks to require senders’ (your) information in order to fulfil compliance requirements applicable under local money laundering and financial regulations.
Identity verification and fraud prevention checks
The personal data we have collected from you at opening account with us or at any stage will be shared with identity verification agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. If identity is not verified or it is known to be included in list of PEP, you could be refused of opening account with us or exiting account could be blocked.
Your data Storage, security and retention of your Personal Data
We implement and maintain the highest levels of security to protect any information stored on our servers and to comply with all local rules & regulations. It is your responsibility to keep your password secure. You should also be aware that the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Data transmitted to our site outside our control. We strive to collect no more Personal Data than is required. This helps reduce the total risk of harm should data loss or a breach in security occur.
Notification in the event of breach
It would be very unlikely, but if a breach in the security of Personal Data were to occur, we will notify you if you are actually or potentially affected. In this event we will contact you via email, in-Service messaging or publication on Roze Remit’s website. We reserve the right to delay notification if it is asked to do so by law enforcement or other authorities, or if giving notice immediately will increase the risk of harm to end-users overall.
Contacting Roze Remit about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Data, please contact us by sending an email to the following address (indicating "PRIVACY REQUEST" in the message line: support@rozeremit.com If you contact us by e-mail, we may keep a record of your correspondence and ask for your name and contact information in order to send you a reply. You may access the information that Roze Remit holds about you by submitting a request to Roze Remit to the email address set out above. Please note that we may charge you an administrative fee to deal with any such requests.
Privacy Policy changes
Roze Remit may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised policy on its website. Any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless stated otherwise.
Cookies
We may use cookies to, amongst other things, gather and retain information about a Subscriber’s use of the Service to enable them to move between features of the Service and help us build an ongoing picture of Subscribers’ needs and preferences so that we can tailor future visits to the Service and improve a Subscriber’s experience of the Service. Cookies can be disabled by changing your browser settings. Please note that the Service may not operate properly or features may not be available to you if you disable cookies.
Didn’t find what you are looking for?
Contact Us