Medica Privacy Policy
The person who develops, manages, and operates Medica (hereinafter referred to as the "Operator") (hereinafter referred to as "Medica") (hereinafter referred to as the "Operator") has established the following privacy policy, established a system for protecting personal information, made the Operator aware of the importance of protecting personal information, and thoroughly implemented such efforts in order to promote the protection of personal information.
Personal information" refers to information about a living individual that can be used to identify a specific individual by name, date of birth, or other description, or that contains a personal identification code.
This application uses "Google Analytics" as a tool to understand the usage status. Cookies provided by "Google Analytics" are used, but they are collected anonymously and do not identify individuals. The data collected by Google Analytics is managed in accordance with Google's privacy policy. Please refer to the privacy policy on our website.
The Operator will collect and use your personal information to the extent necessary for the following purposes. If the Operator intends to use your personal information beyond the scope of the following purposes, the Operator shall obtain your consent in an appropriate manner in advance.
to provide the operation service (hereinafter referred to as "the Service") To provide the Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"). 2.
(2) To improve the contents of the Service or to develop new services
to provide information on new features, updates, campaigns, etc. of the Service and other services provided by the Operator (including sending e-mails, flyers, and other direct mails)
(4) to contact users as necessary for maintenance, important notices, etc.
(5) to respond to inquiries from users regarding the Service (including to confirm the identity of the user)
(6) to report to users on the use of the Service
(7) to request the cooperation of users for questionnaires, interviews, and various events related to the Service, and to report the results of such requests and events; (8) to conduct surveys of the history of use of the Service, etc.
To investigate and analyze the usage history of the Service and use the results to improve and develop the Service and to distribute advertisements. 9.
To identify users who have violated the Terms of Use or who are attempting to use the Service for illegal or unjust purposes, and to refuse their use of the Service.
Personal information shall be strictly managed and shall not be disclosed or provided to any third party without the consent of the individual, except in the following cases. In addition, in consideration of safety, we will take measures to prevent and correct risks such as unauthorized access to personal information, loss, destruction, falsification, and leakage of personal information. The application also has the ability to exterminate accounts and the data associated with them. (You can delete your account from the Delete Account button on My Page).
(1) When it is necessary for the protection of the life, body, or property of an individual and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual
(2) Cases in which the handling of personal information is particularly necessary for improving public health or promoting the sound growth of children and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned
(3) Cases in which the provision of personal information is necessary for cooperating with a state organ, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either a state organ or local government to execute affairs prescribed by law, and in which obtaining the consent of the individual is likely to impede the execution of the affairs concerned
(4) Cases in which the handling of personal information is outsourced in whole or in part within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use, in order to facilitate the smooth performance of business operations
5. when personal information is provided as a result of the succession of business due to merger or other reasons
(6) Cases in which personal information is used jointly with a specific person, and in which this fact, the items of personal information jointly used, the scope of the joint users, the purpose of use by the user, and the name of the person responsible for the management of the personal information are notified to the person in advance, or are made readily accessible to the person in question 7. other cases permitted by laws and ordinances
7. other cases permitted by laws and regulations.
The Operator will review and improve this Privacy Policy from time to time. The Operator may change the contents of this Policy except as otherwise provided in laws and regulations or other provisions of this Policy. The amended Privacy Policy shall become effective when notified to users by the Operator's prescribed method or posted on the Operator's website.
The Operator shall comply with Japanese laws, regulations, and other norms applicable to personal information held by the Operator.
The Operator shall receive complaints and consultations from the person concerned regarding the handling of personal information, and shall respond to such complaints and consultations in an appropriate and prompt manner. The Operator will also respond promptly and appropriately to requests from the person in question to disclose, correct, add to, delete, or refuse to use or provide said personal information.
For inquiries regarding the operator's handling of personal information, please use the inquiry form in the application or contact the following e-mail address.
Support email address: n.miyagawa@spella.tech
[Enacted and enforced on April 1, 2023]