Printworks Terms of Service & Privacy
            Policy
This privacy policy covers the app (Printworks App) and the website
        (printworks-manchester.com), referenced interchangeably as [Sites].
        These Sites are operated by [The Printworks/Cushman & Wakefield
        Debenham Tie Leung Limited, “C&W” = SP], as the data processor. We
        manage [The Printworks] on behalf of [DTZI], its Owner. We are
        registered in England and Wales under company number 01188567 at 125 Old
        Broad Street, London, EC2N 1AR (referred to as the Service Provider “SP”
        or “C&W” throughout)
Please address any general queries to
        [enquiries@printworks-manchester.com]
Overview
We provide you with this consent and privacy notice to make sure you
        understand the purpose of the Printworks app, which information will be
        collected about you, how we will collect it and what we will use it
        for.
We made the Printworks app to help you get the most out of the
        services in Printworks. Opening hours, contact information and other
        practical information are always at hand in the app. We will show you
        what is new and on offer in your favourite venues. We will even reward
        you points for visiting Printworks that you can redeem for prizes in our
        loyalty program.
While we strive to ensure that the information contained in the
        Printworks app is accurate and reliable, we make no warranties or
        representations as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability or
        otherwise with respect to such information, and assumes no liability or
        responsibility for any omissions or errors in the content of this app.
        We will periodically revise the information, services and resources
        contained in this app and reserve the right to make such changes without
        any obligation to notify past, current, or prospective users.
To make sure the app is running smoothly on your device and that it
        is easy for you to use, we will collect information about your device
        and how you use the app.
To make sure the loyalty program is used fairly, we require you to
        register an account in the app if you want to use the loyalty program.
        If you decide to register an account, we will collect information about
        you as a person.
Data collected about your device and how you use the app after you
        register for an account, will be linked to the information we collect
        about your person.
We will use all the information collected to try and show you the
        most relevant marketing material from the venues in the centre.
To measure the effect of our marketing on third-party advertisement
        networks like Facebook (Meta) and Google, we share data about you with
        third party advertisement network providers if you decide to register an
        account.
We ask you to read and understand this privacy notice before you
        download and use the Printworks app.
Terms of service
Last updated 22/03/2023
The following terms apply when using the bonus programmes in the
        app.
You must be at least 18 years old to create an account.
You are only allowed to create one profile per person. Personal
                identification must be presented on request.
[SP] reserves the right to change the conditions in the bonus
                programmes at any time.
[SP] reserves the right to deny redemptions of rewards if there
                is suspicion of fraud or misuse.
[SP] reserves the right to remove or reset earned points if there
                is suspicion of fraud or misuse.
Rewards (e.g. gift cards, discounts or products) redeemed in the
                app cannot be exchanged for cash, and have no cash value.
Only the staff in Printworks venues are permitted to complete
                redemptions for qualifying promotions within the app.
The app incporates student and corporate membership schemes which
                may require corresponding personal identification (such as student ID or
                work ID) to be presented when requesting membership discounts.
Acceptance of Terms
Your access to and use of these Sites are subject to the following
        Terms of Use. [SP] reserves the right to update these Terms of Use at
        any time without notice to you. The most current version of the Terms of
        Use may be accessed by clicking on the “Terms of Use” hypertext link
        located at the bottom of the website (printworks-manchester.com). By
        using these Sites, you accept, without limitation or qualification,
        these Terms of Use. If you do NOT agree to these Terms of Use, please do
        NOT use these Sites.
If you are aged 13-18, you may view the website or app only under the
        supervision of your parent or legal guardian. If you are the parent or
        legal guardian, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use on
        behalf of yourself and your minor child. To create an account on the
        Printworks app, all users must be aged 18+.
Accuracy and Completeness of Information
While [SP] strives to ensure that the information contained in these
        Sites are accurate and reliable, [SP] makes no warranties or
        representations as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability or
        otherwise with respect to such information, and assumes no liability or
        responsibility for any omissions or errors in the content of these
        Sites.
Modification of Site
[SP] will periodically revise the information, services and resources
        contained in these Sites and reserves the right to make such changes
        without any obligation to notify past, current or prospective
        visitors.
Your Use of the Sites
As a user of the Sites you agree:
Not to attempt to bypass any security controls or disrupt the
                property working of the website or app.
Report any suspicious online activity related to the website or
                app to the [SP] using [enquiries@printworks-manchester.com]
Use anti-malware software regularly updated
Make appropriate enquiries and, if necessary, take legal and
                independent financial advice before entering any transaction which may
                be based on any of the material contained in the website or app
Keep any login details safe and secure, i.e. not sharing
                passwords or attempting to use identities belonging to others.
You may download content for non-commercial, personal use only,
        provided copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices remain
        unchanged and visible. No right, title or interest in any downloaded
        materials is transferred to you because of any such downloading or
        copying. You agree that you will not otherwise copy, modify, alter,
        display, distribute, sell, broadcast or transmit any material on the
        Sites in any manner without the written permission of [SP on behalf of
        Owner].
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Sites, you will not use the Sites
        for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or
        any applicable laws.
Unsolicited Submissions
[SP] does not accept or consider any creative ideas, suggestions, or
        materials from the public (“Submissions”), therefore, you should not
        make any Submissions to [SP]. If you do send us a Submission, despite
        our request not to do so, then such Submission will be considered
        non-confidential and non-proprietary and shall immediately become the
        property of [name of owner]. [SP, on behalf of Owner] shall exclusively
        now and hereinafter own all rights, title and interest therein. [SP on
        behalf of Owner] will be free to use any Submissions for any purpose
        whatsoever.
Privacy
Policy [SP]’s use of any personal data you submit to the Sites are
        governed by the Sites’ Privacy Policy.
Disclaimers
THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. [SP and Owner] EXPRESSLY
        DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. [SP and Owner]
        DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR
        DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR ANY WAY RELATED TO
        (A) ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THIS WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT,
        INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TECHNICAL INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL
        ERRORS, (B) ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES OR CONTENT THEREIN DIRECTLY OR
        INDIRECTLY ACCESSED THROUGH LINKS IN THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT
        LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS THEREFROM, (C) THE UNAVAILABILITY
        OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (D) YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR
        (E) YOUR USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH THE
        WEBSITE.
Limitation of Liability
In no event and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort,
        contract, strict liability or otherwise, shall [SP or Owner] be liable
        for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages
        arising out of any use of the information contained herein, including,
        without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of
        data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or computer failure or
        malfunction.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold [SP and Owner] harmless from
        and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including
        legal fees, arising from and related to your use of the Sites.
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by, interpreted and construed in
        accordance with the laws of England and Wales and all claims or disputes
        arising out of or in connection with them shall be subject to the
        exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise noted, the graphic images, buttons and text
        contained in these Sites are the exclusive property of [SP] and the
        Owner and its group companies. Except for personal use, these items may
        not be copied, distributed, displayed, reproduced, or transmitted, in
        any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
        recording, or otherwise without prior written permission of [SP on
        behalf of Owner].
Trademarks
These Sites features logos, brand identities and other trademarks and
        service marks (collectively, the “Marks”) that are the property of, or
        are licensed to [SP] and its group companies. Nothing contained on these
        Sites should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or
        otherwise, any license or right to use any Mark displayed on these Sites
        without written permission of [SP] or any such third party that may own
        a Mark displayed on the Sites.
Special Offers and Links to Third Party Sites
These Sites may contain special offers made by third parties and/or
        links to other sites owned and operated by third parties and not
        maintained by [SP]. However, even if such third parties are affiliated
        with [SP], [SP] has no control over the special offers made or the
        linked sites, all of which have separate terms and conditions, privacy
        and data collection practices and legal policies independent of [SP].
        [SP] is not responsible for the contents of any special offers or linked
        sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or
        accuracy of the special offers or material on linked sites. Viewing such
        third-party sites is entirely at your own risk.
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Site is managed by [SP] on behalf of the Owner [DTZI].
This privacy policy (“Policy”) sets out what information [SP]
        collects from you, what we do with that information and with whom we
        share it. [SP] complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act) in
        all use of personal data. If you have any questions about this Policy,
        please contact us. Please address general queries to
        [enquiries@printworks-manchester.com]
We believe that the responsible use of personal information collected
        on our websites is critical to our business objectives and reputation.
        As part of our commitment to privacy, we have adopted this Privacy
        Policy. The extent and type of information we receive from you on our
        external websites depends on the information you provide to us through
        our contact mailboxes and/or through any registration processes on our
        sites.
Use of Information
We only use your personally identifiable information to respond to
        your requests and to provide you with information about [Printworks]
        services, but may also use it to provide you with marketing material
        about [Printworks] services, retailers, or events that are potentially
        of interest. We may also use personal information for marketing
        purposes, market research or to share with the Owners, their agents and
        business partners or for other related business partners.
Marketing consent
By downloading and using the Printworks app, I consent to receiving
        messages and notifications about services provided by the app,
        Printworks and the venues in Printworks.
I also consent to receiving marketing material in the Printworks app
        from the venues in Printworks. A list of the venues can always be found
        in the app.
Finally, I consent to letting Printworks target advertisements to me
        on third-party advertisement platforms using Facebook (Meta), Google and
        Adform, if I decide to register an account in the app. I understand that
        I will not receive more advertisement, but that the advertisements shown
        to me might be based on information collected about me in the Printworks
        app. I understand Printworks will never sell my personal information. I
        understand that I can use the app without registering an account, in
        which case no information collected about me in the app will be shared
        with third-party advertisement platforms. I understand that I may
        opt-out of sharing information with third-parties.
What we collect, how we do it and what we use it
            for
When you use the app
The following information about your device will be collected when
        you use the app:
Device name (e.g. “iPhone 8” or “Samsung SM-G955F”)
OS version (e.g. “12.3.1” or ”8.1”)
App version (e.g. “4.1.1”)
Information about your usage of the app will be collected using event
        tracking. When you perform an action in the app, an event describing
        your action will be registered. An event will be registered every time
        you do any of the following:
Start the app
Give your consent
View a screen in the app
View marketing material in the app
Obtain bonus points
Click a button (e.g. follow/unfollow a venue or redeem a bonus
                prize)
We analyse the device and usage information to make sure the app is
        running smoothly on the different devices available and to better
        understand how the app is being used.
If you give the app permission
If you consent to sharing your location with the app, an event will
        be registered every time you do any of the following:
Enter Printworks
Are in the proximity of a venue in Printworks
The information about your location is used to reward your points for
        visiting Printworks and to let the venues know how many visits a
        marketing campaign influenced. Your personal data will never be shared
        with any venue in Printworks.
If you consent to receiving notifications from the app, an event will
        be registered every time you receive a notification.
The information collected about your location and notifications are
        mixed with the additional usage data and used for the same purposes.
If you send a support request
Every time you send a support request an event will be registered
        along with any information contained in the request. The support
        requests are registered so we can investigate and resolve your
        request.
If you register an account in the app
If you choose to register an account, you can do so either by
        inputting your information manually or by using your Facebook (Meta)
        account. If you are using the iOS version of the app, you can also use
        Apple ID for registering.
The following information is mandatory for us to create an account
        for you:
Email address
Password
Telephone number
First name
We might ask you for additional information about you during the
        registration. Each piece of additional information is optional.
If you register an account using your Facebook (Meta) account, the
        following information will be collected from your Facebook (Meta)
        account:
Email address
Full name
Profile picture
Facebook (Meta) user ID
We use your email address, password, telephone number and Facebook
        (Meta) user ID (if collected) to authenticate you when you login to your
        account. We use your name and profile picture to show your name and
        picture on your profile in the app. We will analyse information
        collected about you during the registration, information about your
        device and information about your use of the app to show you the most
        relevant marketing content in the app.
Information collected after your account registration about your
        device and your use of the app will be connected to the information
        registered on your account, but information collected before your
        account registration will never be connected to the information
        registered on your account.
Our contact details
Printworks will be the data controller, responsible for the
        collection and processing of your data.
We have technological and operational security policies and
        procedures in place to protect your personally identifiable information
        from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction. Our
        personnel who have access to the data have been trained in our privacy
        policy.
Printworks recognises its responsibility for protecting the online
        privacy of your personal information. If you have questions or comments
        about our administration of your personal you can contact us using the
        following information:
Address: Printworks, 27 Withy Grove, Manchester M4 2BS
Email: enquiries@printworks-manchester.com
This email address is being protected from spambots. You may need
        JavaScript enabled to view it. You may also use this address to
        communicate any concerns you may have regarding compliance with this
        Privacy Policy.
Our legal basis for collecting your information
Information about you is collected and processed based on your
        consent.
We keep a record of when and how we got consent from you and we keep
        a record of exactly what information were provided to you at the
        time.
You can always withdraw your consent to process information about
        your person by deleting your registered account in the app. If you
        delete your account, we will delete or anonymise your personal data.
You are not under any obligation to give us personal data.
Who we share your information with
We share the personal data with our data processors, who help us
        collect and analyse the personal data.
We use third-party advertisement networks to advertise for the app.
        If you decide to register an account in the app, we will share with
        Facebook (Meta), Google and Adform, when you registered your account and
        every time you start the app. This enables us to use the third-party
        advertisement network providers’ tools for measuring the effects of our
        app advertisements. You can read the third-party advertisement network
        providers’ privacy policies here:
Facebook
(Meta)
Google
Adform
If you do not want to have your data shared with third-party
        advertisement networks, you are able to opt-out using the Profile
        Settings in the app.
We share the personal data with data processors outside the EU. We
        transfer the personal data based on the standard contractual clauses for
        data transfers between EU and non-EU countries as approved by the
        European Commission (SCC).
How we store your information
Your information is securely stored with our data processors in and
        outside the EU.
We keep the personal data until the time when you have been inactive
        for 24 months or you delete your account in the app. We will then
        dispose your information by erasing it from our servers or anonymising
        it.
The record of when and how we got consent from you and exactly what
        were consented to at the time are stored for two years after your
        account is deleted.
Collecting Information
Some of our websites may invite you to contact us or to provide
        information about yourself. We use the information you provide to
        personalise your online experience and to deliver the content most
        suited to your needs.
In addition, “cookies” (i.e. small text files placed on your computer
        when you first visit the site) are used on some of our websites. Most
        browsers now recognise when a cookie is offered and permit you to refuse
        or accept it. If you are not sure whether your browser has this
        capability, you should check with the software manufacturer, your
        company’s technology help desk or your Internet service provider.
Cookies are primarily used to enhance your online experience and are
        not used to track the navigational habits of identified visitors, unless
        we obtain your permission to do so. If you visit our sites to read or
        download information, such as news stories or articles, much of the
        information we do collect is statistical only (e.g., the domain from
        which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site,
        and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly
        to our site) and not personally identifiable. We use this information
        about the number of visitors and their use of the sites in aggregate
        form to make our sites more useful and attractive to you.
Some of the cookies we use are provided by Google Analytics and these
        are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use
        the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.
        These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including
        numbers of visitors to the site, the pages visited and where visitors
        have come to the site from. An overview of privacy at Google can be seen
        at http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html and to opt out of
        being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
        http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies
        have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
        http://www.allaboutcookies.org or http://www.aboutcookies.org/
Sharing Information
The personal information you provide to us will be retained only for
        as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information
        was collected or as required by law. We do not share personal
        information with third parties except as necessary to carry out our
        business or your request or as required by law or other legal processes,
        and we never sell your personal information. Furthermore, personal data
        collected by [SP] may be transferred to our subsidiaries or affiliated
        companies where it is necessary to carry out our business or to meet the
        purpose for which you have submitted the information. By submitting data
        through [SP] electronically, you are providing explicit consent to
        trans-border transmission of data collected via our websites.
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights, including:
Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of
                your personal information.
Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to
                rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to
                ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase
                your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to
                ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain
                circumstances.
Your right to object to processing - You have the right to object
                to the processing of your personal data in certain
                circumstances.
Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that
                we transfer the information you gave us to another organisation, or to
                you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If
        you make a request, we have one month to respond to you in some way.
Please send us requests regarding your data protection rights using
        the support request features in the app or by emailing app support on
        [support@emplate.it].
How to complain
If you are unhappy with our processing of your personal data, you can
        escalate a complaint with your local supervisory authority. We urge you
        to contact us before you complain so that we can try to assist you the
        best way possible.
Customer Contact
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
Website: https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Profile deletion
You can always request to get your profile and all your personal data
        deleted directly from the app. Follow the steps below to delete your
        profile:
Open the app
Go to "More"
Select "Profile Settings"
Select "Delete My Profile"
Safeguarding Information
In addition, we have technological and operational security policies
        and procedures in place to protect your personally identifiable
        information from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction.
        Our personnel who have access to the data have been trained in our
        privacy policy.
[SP] recognises its responsibility for protecting the online privacy
        of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about
        our administration of your personal information, or would like to opt
        out of receiving any marketing material from us, please contact us at
        [enquiries@printworks-manchester.com]. This email address is being
        protected from spambots. You may need JavaScript enabled to view it. You
        may also use this address to communicate any concerns you may have
        regarding compliance with this Privacy Policy.
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you.
        Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Linking to Other Sites
This policy covers these Sites only, and [SP] cannot be held
        responsible for the content on third-party sites.
Location and Acceptance of Use
[SP] manages these Sites on behalf of the Owner from Management
        Suite, [27 Withy Grove, Manchester M4 2BS]. All matters pertaining to
        this website are governed and interpreted under the laws of the England
        and Wales.
By accessing these Sites, you indicate your acceptance of this
        Privacy Policy and that you agree that we can place the types of cookies
        described above on your device.