Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 8, 2024
MELIORAPPS INTERACTIVE and its affiliates ("Meliorapps" or “us”, “our” or “we”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal data, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites (the “Sites”) or any our game or app provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the “Service”). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by us through your use of the Service. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties, except as provided by mandatory law, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, such third parties.
Before using the Service, you need to accept this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal data, in the manner provided in this Policy.
​
Definitions​
​
‘GDPR’ means the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679).
‘CCPA’ means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
​Information Collection and Use
We collects information as described below. Our primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the European Union via Google Cloud and/or Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
MELIORAPPS
INTERACTIVE Sit
es
While you are browsing our Sites, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor and analyze your use of the Service. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile. We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with our Sites and notify you about company news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. Your mail address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you.
Forums
We may at times offer yo
u
the ability to post content to a blog, message board, chat room or within our applications or other forums such as our Facebook page (“Forums”). You should be aware that any visitor to the Forums may read your postings on the Forums. Furthermore, any information that you may post to a Forum, including your username or other account profile information, will be disclosed and available to all users and viewers of that Forum, and will therefore no longer be private. We cannot guarantee the security of such information that is disclosed or communicated online in public areas such as the Forums, and you provide such information at your own risk. Meliorapps does not author, edit, endorse, or monitor any Forum. You acknowledge and agree that Meliorapps has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided on any Forum. Meliorapps reserves the right at any time, in its sole discretion, to remove any content that a user may post on any Forum and restrict their access to any Forum.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the Meliorapps’ games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your in-game nickname, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook, Google+, Apple Game Center or contact our Customer Service from the application), and your general location (country based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is collected to be able to offer the Service for you and to connect your user account on our servers to your device. This information is also useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends to further improve the Service.
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. These unique IDs are stored in connection with your profile information to track the Meliorapps’ games you are playing and to allow our Customer Service to locate your user account for troubleshooting purposes.
Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You may connect your Meliorapps user account to your Facebook account, Google+ account or to Apple’s Game Center (“SN Service”). We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to MELIORAPPS INTERACTIVE’ game(s).
Invite a Friend
Meliorapps may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Meliorapps games and/or you can invite them to join you in Meliorapps games. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Meliorapps and notify you about company news and promotions.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files. This data is stored within Google Cloud and/or Amazon Web Services.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Service.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer and/or device, to identify a user’s computer/device and to “remember” things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal data for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third-party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third-party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third-party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
​
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics, Google AdMob, Mixpanel, Unity Ads. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address.
​
Ad Networks​
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
​
Analytics data
​
When you use the Apps downloaded from Google Play Store
or AppStore
, we use our third-party analytics service provider Firebase (
https://firebase.google.com
) offered by Google, which automatically collects the following technical personal and non-personal data from you:
IP address;
Number of sessions;
Session duration;
Retention;
Events;
Install source; and
IDFA.
We use such data to:
Analyse the technical aspects of your use of the Apps;
Optimise the Apps for your needs;
Prevent fraud and abuse of the Apps;
Ensure the security of the Apps; and
Serve you relevant ads.
We keep such data as long as it is necessary for its purposes.  The legal bases that we rely on when processing the above-mentioned data are “pursuing our legitimate business interests” (i.e., to analyse, grow, and protect KLA) and “your consent”.
​
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
create game
and application
accounts and allow users to play our games and user our services;
identify and suggest connections with other Meliorapps users;
operate and improve our Service;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide and deliver products and services you request;
send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Meliorapps and our selected partners;
enable you to communicate with other users; and
link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
​
Refusal to Provide Your Personal Data
​
If you do not provide us with enough personal data when requested, we may not be able to provide you with all our products and services. However, you can access and use some parts of Bimi Boo without giving us your personal data.
Sale of Personal Data and Successors
​
We do not sell your personal data to third parties and we do not intend to do so in the future.
If our business is sold or merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible for providing MeliorApps to you, we retain the right to transfer your personal data to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your personal data according to the terms of this Privacy Policy as well as to any changes to this Privacy Policy as instituted by the new business. We also retain the right to transfer your personal data if our company files for bankruptcy and some or all of our assets are sold to another individual or business.
​
Disclosure of Your information to Third Parties
Meliorapps does not share your personal data except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
Meliorapps may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Example of these services include analyzing data. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal data in connection with the performance of services for Meliorapps.
We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Meliorapps may share your information to its affiliates and in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
​
​Changes to the Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Security
Meliorapps takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
​
Your Rights Under the GDPR and the CCPA
When using MeliorApps and submitting personal data to us, you may have certain rights under the GDPR and CCPA if you reside in any of the countries of the European Union or the state of California. If you want to exercise any of your rights included in this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email or post (the contact information is available at the bottom of this Privacy Policy).
Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you have the following rights:
Right of access: you can get a copy of your personal data that we store in our systems and a list of purposes for which your personal data is processed;
Right to rectification: you can rectify inaccurate personal data that we hold about you;
Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’): you can ask us to erase your personal data from our systems;
Right to restriction: you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
Right to data portability: you can ask us to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and move that personal data to another processor;
Right to object: you can ask us to stop processing your personal data;
Right to withdraw consent: you have the right to withdraw your consent, if you have provided one; or
Right to complaint: you can submit your complaint regarding our processing of your personal data.
​
How to exercise your rights?
If you would like to exercise any of your legitimate rights, please contact us by using our contact details available at the bottom of the Privacy Policy and explain in detail your request. In order to verify the legitimacy of your request, we may ask you to provide us with an identifying piece of information, so that we can identify you in our system. We will answer your request within a reasonable time frame but no later than 30 days. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights (e.g., by providing lower quality services).
Complaints.
If you would like to launch a complaint about the way in which we handle your personal data, we kindly ask you to contact us first and express your concerns. After you contact us, we will investigate your complaint and provide you with our response as soon as possible (no later than 30 days). If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Parts of MeliorApps, such as the Apps, are designed for the use by children. We have limited the collection of personal data from children to the bare minimum. We do not collect personal data from children who are under the age to provide their personal data or who cannot provide their valid consent under the COPPA or GDPR. We realise that a child who is under the age to provide valid consent may try to access MeliorApps and provide consent where it is required (e.g., for our use of non-essential cookies). Therefore, we ask all users of the Apps to specify their age. We do not ask children under the age that requires parental consent (e.g., in the US – 13, in the EU – 16) to provide their personal data. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child has provided his or her personal data without your consent, please contact us. Before we remove any information, we may ask for proof of identification to prevent malicious removal of information. If we discover that a child has provided us with personal data without parental consent, we will delete his or her information as soon as possible.
Click Here to see our children’s privacy policy.
​
Collection, Use, Disclosure, Sharing, and Retention of Face Data
​
Collection:
We may collect face data with your explicit consent for specific features within our app that require facial recognition technology. This data includes facial features and expressions to provide personalized experiences or for security purposes.
​
Use:
Face data is used solely for the purpose it was collected for, such as enabling facial recognition features within our app. It helps in enhancing user security and providing a more personalized app experience.
​
Disclosure and Sharing:
We commit to not sharing or disclosing your face data with third parties without your explicit consent, except as required by law or to protect our rights. Any third-party service providers who have access to face data will be bound by confidentiality agreements and required to use the data only for the purposes we specify.
​
Retention:
Face data is retained only as long as necessary to fulfill the specified purposes. Once it is no longer needed, the data will be deleted or anonymized in accordance with our data retention policy and applicable laws.
​
We understand the sensitivity of face data and are committed to handling it with the highest degree of responsibility and care.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
​
Retention Period
We will not keep your personal data for longer than necessary for the purposes personal data is collected or allowed by law. Therefore, the length of the storage period for personal data varies depending on the data. This also means that we may keep your personal data even if your contractual relationship has ended, but only as long as we have reason to do so.
​Your Rights
Right of access
You have a right to check the data we have saved on you into the register. We will supply the information in the form required by law.
Right to rectification
You have the right to request the rectification of any erroneous, inaccurate, incomplete, obsolete or unnecessary data.
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request that your personal data be erased from our systems. Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Your data may not be erased immediately from all our backup systems or other similar systems.
The right restriction of processing
You have the right to restrict our rights in processing certain personal data. Such restrictions may restrict your possibilities to use the Sites and the Services.
Right to prohibit processing
You have the right to request restrictions to us processing your data for other purposes than providing Services or fulfilling our legal obligations. Such a prohibition may limit your possibilities to use our Service. You have the right to refuse direct electronic marketing by following the instructions that are included in all our marketing communications. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability
You have a right to obtain the personal data we have collected of you in an organised and generally accepted form so you can submit them to another controller of a personal data file.
Right to withdraw a consent
You have right to withdraw consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, it may limit use of the Service.
Use of Your Rights and Contact Information
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, or if you have data erasure requests, or if you want to prevent us from selling your personal data, please contact us at:
Mihail Cociurca
​
bd. Mircea Cel Batran 17, ap. 33
Chisinau
Moldova
​
Email:
meliorapps@gmail.com
.
In case you consider our processing activities of your personal data to be inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with the local supervisory authority for data protection.
Face Data
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.meliorapps.org/childrens-online-privacy-policy:
top of page
Children’s Online Privacy Policy
The last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on July 12, 2023
Contact Information:
MELIORAPPS INTERACTIVE S.R.L
bd. Mircea Cel Batran 17, ap. 33
Chisinau
Moldova
Email:
meliorapps@gmail.com
.
​
This Children’s Online Privacy Policy provides an overview on how we handle children’s personal data and forms a part of our regular
Privacy Policy
that explains in detail how we collect and use personal data from the users of MeliorApps.​
The US Children’s Onlne Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requires us to inform parents or legal guardians about how we collect, use, and disclose personal data from children under the age of 13. COPPA also requires that we get consent from parents or legal guardians before we allow children under the age of 13 to use and interact with some sections, applications, and activities on MeliorApps. We offer users a number of activities, some of which are directed at children under the age of 13, and other activities that are targeted for older users.
​
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires us to inform parents or legal guardians about how we collect, use, and disclose personal data from children under the age of 16 in some member countries of the European Union. The GDPR also requires that we get consent from parents or legal guardians before we allow children to use and interact with some sections, applications, and activities on MeliorApps.
Verifiable Parental Consent
​
Should we want to collect personal data from a child under the age of 13 in the US, COPPA requires that we first obtain a parent or legal guardian’s consent. In an email (or other approved method) sent to the parent or legal guardian we will describe what information we would like to collect, how we propose to use it, how the parent can offer and cancel consent. If we do not obtain consent from the parent within a reasonable timeframe, we will remove the child and parent information collected with the request.
​
Teacher Consent in Replace of a Parent
​
For school-based activities, school administrators and teachers are allowed under COPPA to act on behalf of the parents to give consent when collecting personal information from children. Teachers and school administrators should always inform parents when collecting personal information from children on their behalf.
Information We Collect From Children, How We Use It, and Parental Rights
​
Registration
Children can register with MeliorApps to use our applications, software, online applications, view content, participate in contests, receive emails, and engage in other activities. By doing so we may collect information from children. When we collect personal information from a child, we will hold that information only as long as reasonably necessary to allow the child to continue to use and interact with MeliorApps. As soon as child’s personal data is no more necessary, we will securely delete it from our systems.
During the registration process we may ask a child to give us information for security purposes, announcements, and notifications. This information includes child’s:
Name;
Age (to validate the child’s age); and
Email address; and
Parent’s or legal guardian’s email address and other contact information (if relevant).
Children can choose whether to provide their information to us; however some of MeliorApps features may not function without the required information.
To comply with COPPA requirements, on MeliorApps where we ask for the age of a user who is under the age of 13 (US), we will ask for their parent, legal guardian, or teacher’s email address before we collect any personal data from a child under such an age. The same is valid if child’s consent is necessary and the child cannot provide valid consent under the GDPR. If you think that your child is involved in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent or legal guardian has not received a request for consent to collect such information, please contact us using the contact information at the top of this page.
Automatic Information Collected and Persistent Identifiers
When children interact with MeliorApps and services, specific information may automatically be collected. We collect this information to make MeliorApps and services useful to children and other users. We also use this information for internal business purposes, including improving MeliorApps. Some examples of this type of information include the child’s IP address and use patterns. This data and information are collected using online technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and other unique identifiers that are explained in our regular
Privacy Policy
. This information and data may be collected by us or by a third party.
How We Use Collected Information
This information and data are primarily used for our own purposes in order to:
Let members and children access and use features of MeliorApps;
Improve the features and usability of MeliorApps;
Let us analyse data to see how MeliorApps is performing; and
Send email notifications to users and children.
Sharing Information
We will not share a child’s personal information with other individuals or companies except in limited situations, including the following:
When other companies perform services for us, like customer support, email services, delivery services, call centers, data management services, help desk providers, law firms, payment processors, accountants and shopping cart providers; however, these companies are prohibited from using a child’s personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law;
Disclosing a child’s personal information if required or permitted by law, for example, in response to a subpoena, law enforcement, court order, or public agency’s request;
To protect the safety of a child; and
To safeguard the security of our Platform and companies that provide services for us.
The lis of third parties that have access to the personal data collected by us is available in our regular
Privacy Policy
.
Parental Rights
As a parent or legal guardian you have the following rights regarding your child’s use of MeliorApps:
To review the personal information we collected from your child;
To revoke the consent to use or further collect your child’s personal information;
To request that your child’s personal information be changed or deleted;
To allow the collection and use of your child’s information, but not allow disclosure to third parties unless it is part of our service; and
To send you a new notice and get your consent if we make changes to the collection, use, or disclosure practices to which you previously agreed.
Parents can exercise their rights shown directly above by contacting us using the contact information at the top of this page.
​
bottom of page