DIY Make Up Games
Privacy
Terms
Contact
Privacy
Terms
Contact
Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re entrusting us with your information, and we understand this is a big responsibility. We respect your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. This Privacy Policy defines how we collect and uses personal and non-personal information in relation to the application (“app").
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE APP, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS TO THIS APP. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times; therefore please review it frequently. If We make material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, We will notify you by means of a notice within the app. Your continued use of the app- will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data:
We do not collect or use any personal data that may be used to identify or contact you, without your consent. We do not collect or use names, email addresses, photos, telephone numbers, credit cards numbers, account names, account numbers or other information that would enable us identify you. If the app uses Third-Party services for sharing Content generated using this app, the app would access your basic data from such Third-Party services needed for the authentication, Content sharing or other features provided by the Third-Parties, however, the app would not collect or use any personal data.
Non-personal data:
We may use tools or third-party analytical software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable us identify you. The types of non-personal data We may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) mobile device type ; (ii) mobile device software version; (iii) geographical data no more accurate than metropolitan areas; (iv) total time of app usage and usage of filters; (v) other non-personal app data as reasonably required by us to enhance its features.
We may use the collected data for purposes of analyzing usage of the app, managing and providing the app- and to further develop our services and products.
Data Retention:
We retain the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. If the collected information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, We shall delete all aforementioned information in its possession.
Third-Party Terms and Conditions:
Please note that your access to and the ability to use the app- may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line social sharing platforms and payment providers if any. You recognize and agree that We are not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of the Services by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. Under certain circumstances (for example, if we would like to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time of collection), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as by sending you an email.
© 2022 DIY Makeup
Report Abuse