We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
Everguild Ltd.
Privacy Policy
Last updated 2
nd
September 2021
Everguild Ltd (“Everguild”, “we” or “us”) respects your rights and our obligations regarding your private information. We provide this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to help you understand how we collect, store, use and manage information collected through your use of Everguild’s websites (the “Sites”), games, and services, including “Drakenlords: CCG Card Duels” and “The Horus Heresy: Legions” (each, a “Game”), on the Android platform, on the iOS platform, on the Kongregate platform (in the case of “Drakenlords: CCG Card Duels”) on the Steam platform (in the case of “The Horus Heresy: Legions”), and on other platforms that may be added over time (collectively, “Our Services”).
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND EVERGUILD. BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE EXPRESSING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS POLICY.
Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected by Everguild through your use of Our Services. Everguild is not responsible for the actions of any third party, including their use of information you provide to them. Any link to the site or service of a third party does not imply that Everguild is affiliated with or sponsors that third party.
For the purposes of the GDPR, the data controller is Everguild Ltd., which is a limited liability company registered in England and Wales under company number 09334050. Our registered office is 20-22 Wenlock Road, London N1 7GU. You can contact us by email at
privacy@everguild.com
.
Information we may collect
We may collect and process the following data about you when you use Our Services:
If you choose to contact us, including via our Sites, we will collect your contact details (for example your name and e-mail address) together with the details of the message/correspondence in question.
If you choose to register for any of our Games then we will collect your e-mail address and subsequently your chosen user name and password for your account (your “Account”).
When you use any of our Games, information about how you use our Games is recorded and provided by our internal tools, third-party analytics and advertising services (such as Playfab and Adjust) and any platform providers (such as Apple, Google, Kongregate and Steam). This includes technical information such as your device specifications, device ID, device advertising identifiers, statistical data regarding your gameplay and content that is created and shared by you with other players and as described further in the “Third-Party Service Providers” section below.
When you use any of our Games, anonymised location data (country and city) as determined by third-party services using a truncated version of your IP address.
When you use any of our Games, account IDs of any networks that you log into and associate with your game save. This includes Google Play, Game Center and Steam. The account IDs are used to ensure that your game save is backed up and can be recovered should you change or lose your mobile device. We do not receive your password, credit card number or other financial information from these networks.
Google Play Games Services, Game Center, Facebook and Twitter
Everguild may offer you the option to connect your Account to your account in Google Play Games Services, Apple’s Game Center, Facebook and/or Twitter (each of them a “Third Party SN Service”). Everguild may collect and record certain information from your profile and account in the Third Party SN Service, in accordance with the terms and policies of the Third Party SN Service. The information we collect in this manner may include your name as provided by the Third Party SN Service, your profile picture or its URL, your user identification number in the Third Party SN Service, the user identification number of your friends who are also connected to Everguild’s Service, your gender, and your birth date. Your nickname in Google Play Games Services or in Apple’s Game Center may be used as the profile name for your Account in Our Services, and be visible to other players. The remaining information may be used to analyze user trends and improve Our Services, to connect you in Our Services with your friends in the Third Party SN Service who are also using Our Services, and to offer you targeted recommendations and promotions from time to time.
We may offer you the opportunity to invite your friends in the Third Party SN Service to join Our Services, or to post content from Our Services into the Third Party SN Service. Your explicit permission will be requested every time before any information is posted or any invite is sent in the Third Party SN Service.
You may contact us at any time to request that we delete from our records all information relevant to you obtained by us from Third Party SN Services, by contacting us at
privacy@everguild.com
Third-Party Service Providers
Our Games may contain certain software development kits (“SDKs”) from third party service providers which provide services required by Everguild to provide its products and services. These third party service providers provide services such as back-end management, analytics, attribution and/or advertising, and use the SDKs in Our Games to collect information about you in order to verify information such as the number of installs and advertising performance. This information may include your UDID, IP address, geo-location and OS information.
The third party service providers we use are:
Unity (for analytics and error logs). For more information about Unity’s privacy policy, please see
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Playfab (the backend provider). For more information about Playfab’s privacy policy, please see
https://playfab.com/privacy/
Appsflyer (for attribution services, which also passes through information relating to Facebook). For more information about Appsflyer’s use of your data, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Steam (when you use our Services on a PC or Mac). For more information about Steam’s use of your data, please see
https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
Photon Engine (for matchmaking and chat services). For more information on Photon Engine, please see
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy
Google Firebase (for analytics, ads and other features). For more information about Google Firebase, please see
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Mailchimp (to manage our electronic marketing campaigns, if you have consented to these by subscribing to our newsletter). For more information about Mailchimp, please see
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
DeltaDNA (for analytics) (if you play Legions). For more information on DeltaDNA, please see
https://deltadna.com/privacy/
Helpshift (for customer support) (if you play Legions). For more information on Helpshift, please see
https://www.helpshift.com/legal/privacy/
Gamesight (for attribution services). For more information about Gamesight’s use of your data, please see
https://console.gamesight.io/privacy-policy
Third-Party Marketplaces
We provide certain parts of Our Services via third party marketplaces, such as Google Play, Apple’s App Store and Valve’s Steam. By using Our Services, these marketplaces may collect information about you. Everguild is not responsible for these marketplaces, and is not affiliated with or responsible for their actions. You should review these third parties’ terms of service and privacy policies, which are separate from Everguild’s.
How we use Personal Information
We use the information collected above in the following ways:
If you choose to contact us, to respond to the question(s) that you raise when contacting us.
If you choose to register for any of our Games, to verify your identity and allow you to access your Account and to the features of Our Services that require such account registration.
To, in connection with the various analytical information, including anonymised location data, understand how users use our Games.
To, where you choose to make use of the Third Party SN Service, allow us to ensure that your game save is backed up and can be recovered should you change or lose your mobile device as well as to allow you to participate in interactive features of Our Services, when you choose to do so.
To, subject to obtaining your consent to the same: (a) use your e-mail address to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, including our newsletter; and (b) carry out re-engagement campaigns via advertising based on device advertising identifiers.
To, in certain instances, notify you about changes to our service.
Where we store your personal information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored and processed at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) (including the USA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services and the processing of your payment details. Where we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we have put in place appropriate adequacy procedures to ensure that such transfers are GDPR compliant. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our servers via any of Our Services; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
We are not responsible for the activities of other users or other third parties whom you choose to provide your information to or otherwise interact with via Our Services.
Legal basis for processing
We rely on the following processing grounds to collect and use the information listed above:
the processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities; or
you have consented to the processing (in the case of providing you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, including our newsletter or presenting targeted adverts to you).
Data retention
We will store personal data as long as is required for the relevant business use cases. Typically, this will be the life-span of the Games or Sites but may be longer – but not longer than 2 years after the Game or Site is no longer supported. The exception to this is if we are required to store data for legal purposes. After this period of time we will securely delete or anonymize data.
Disclosure of your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety of our customers or others.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Everguild Ltd. or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party (in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets).
We may also share your non-personal information with third party partners who work with us to provide the Services to you (for example, third party developers who we’ve worked with to create one of our games). These are as described in the sections “
Google Play Games Services, Game Center, Facebook and Twitter
” and “
Third-Party Service Providers
” above.
Information about children under the age of 14
Under Everguild’s Terms of Service, children under the age of 14 are not allowed to register or use Our Services. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 14. If you believe that we have collected any information about a child under the age of 14, please contact us as soon as possible at
privacy@everguild.com
.  If we learn that we have involuntarily collected information about a child under the age of 14, we will delete that information as soon as possible.
Your rights
You can contact us at
privacy@everguild.com
if you wish to: (a) access a copy of the personal information that we hold about you; (b) correct any items of personal information that we hold about you; and/or (c) have any items of personal information that we hold about you erased or object to our processing of such items of personal information.
If you request us to delete all of your information, your Account may become suspended and deleted. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions included in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your Account or our ongoing business relations.
Modifications to this Policy
We may modify this Policy from time to time. We will post all changes to this Policy on this page and, where appropriate, notify you by e-mail. The modified policy will specify its effective date. Any changes to the Policy will be effective when posted.
Contacting Us
We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy, which should be addressed to:
privacy@everguild.com
You also have the right to make a complaint to the ICO by contacting them at any time at:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 3
https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/:

Sub-policy 4
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy:
Please enable Javascript to continue.
Skip to main content ...
PRODUCTS
Samples
SDKs
Documentation
Sign In
PRODUCTS
FUSION
QUANTUM
REALTIME
Classic:
PUN
CHAT
VOICE
GAMING
INDUSTRIES
Samples
SDKs
DOCUMENTATION
Dashboard
Status
Fusion
Quantum
Realtime
Classic:
PUN
Voice
Chat
Gaming
CIRCLE
Implement your games faster
with our pro tools.
Industries
CIRCLE
NON-GAMING
Benefit from the complete suite of Photon business products including Photon Server.
×
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Effective Date: 2024/08/20
1. Introduction and Overview.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs your use of the Exit Games Service. Exit Games consists of: Exit Games Inc. (USA) and Exit Games GmbH (Germany), collectively referred to herein as “Exit Games,” “we,” “our,” or “us.”
This Privacy Policy provides a comprehensive description of how Exit Games collects, uses, and discloses information about you as well as your rights and choices regarding such information. It applies to any online location that links to this Privacy Policy, including this website (the “Service”) or offline locations that makes this Privacy Policy available to you.
If you are a U.S. resident, some states provide additional rights by law to its residents, as described below. Please consult your region-specific Section for more information:
Additional Disclosures for California Residents
(Section 13)
Additional Disclosures for Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia Residents
(Section 14)
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents
(Section 15)
If you are a data subject in the European Union, please see the
Additional Disclosures for People in the EU
in Section 16. If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us as set out in
Contact Us
found in Section 12 below.
2. Information Collection.
There are limited instances where we provide services, such as on our website, that requires the collection of information for our own purposes. In this limited instance, we are considered a controller or business that is independently determining the need for collection to achieve a particular business purpose. As such, this Privacy Policy only applies to information we collect where we control the purposes and means of processing. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties or information collected in the context of your employment with us. The following is a breakdown of our limited collection practices based on what you provide to us, information collected automatically, and information received from other sources necessary for us to provide you with the Service.
A. Information You Provide.
When you use our Service, there is certain information you provide to us:
Contact Data
, including your first and last name, and postal address provided when you interact with the Service.
Account Credentials
, including your username and password.
Billing Data
, including your payment instrument number (such as a credit or debit card number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your payments provided when you order any subscription through the Service.
Username, Avatar and banner
from Discord, if you join our Discord community and support servers.
Content
, including content you post in forums or messages you send to Photon developer support or on our Discord channels.
You may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
B. Information Collected Automatically.
In addition, we automatically collect certain information when you use the Service. The categories of information we automatically collect and have collected in the last twelve (12) months includes:
Service Use Data
, including data about features you use, pages you visit, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data
, including data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and device identifiers such as IP address.
Location Data
, including imprecise location data (such as location derived from an IP address).
We use various current – and later – developed tracking technologies to automatically collect information when you use the Service, including the following:
Log Files
, which are files that record events that occur in connection with your use of the Service.
Cookies
, which are small data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your browser. We use two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website and expire when you close your browser. Persistent cookies help with personalizing your experience, remembering your preferences, and supporting security features. Persistent cookies may remain on your device for extended periods of time, and generally may be controlled through your browser settings. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
“Cookie Policy”
.
Pixels
(also known as web beacons), which is embedded code that sends information about your use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access a website or email that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a separate entity to drop or read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We may incorporate pixels from separate entities that allow us to understand your use of our websites and emails, and provide you with additional functionality.
For further information on how we use tracking technologies for analytics, and your rights and choices regarding them, see
Analytics
in Section 6, and
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
C. Information from Other Sources.
We also collect information from other sources. The categories of sources we collect information from and have collected from in the last twelve (12) months, include:
Social networks
when you engage with our content, reference our Service, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.
Otherwise, information that we receive is in the context of us acting as a service provider that is processing information at the instruction and on behalf of our business clients.
Please refer to
Use of Information
in Section 3 below, to better understand our practices with respect to information that may relate to you.
3. Use of Information.
We use the information we collect for purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
                Our business purposes for collecting and using information, including in the last twelve (12) months, include to:
Operate and manage our Service, including your registration and account.
Perform services requested by you, such as respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities.
Conduct research, including focus groups and surveys.
Improve the Service or other Exit Games websites, apps, marketing efforts, products and services.
Develop and send you direct marketing, including advertisements and communications about our and other entities’ products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services.
Fulfill any other purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
We do not use information collected for automated decision-making, including individual profiling.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
                For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
4. Disclosure of Information
We disclose information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The types of entities to whom we disclose, include:
Service Providers. We disclose information to entities that process information on our behalf for our business purposes. Service providers assist us with services such as hosting providers, cloud service providers, payment providers, data analytics, marketing and advertising, website hosting, and technical support. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Vendors and Other Parties. We disclose information to vendors for business purposes, including analytics. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on analytics, see the “Analytics” section below.
Affiliates. We disclose information to our related entities including our parent and sister companies for business purposes such as customer support, marketing, and technical operations
Customers. We disclose information to our customers in connection with us processing information on their behalf. For example, we disclose information to our customers in order to maintain and administer your online accounts, respond to your questions and comments, comply with your requests, market and advertise to you, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
Merger or Acquisition. We disclose information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Public Forums. We disclose information you make public through the Service, such as information in your profile or that you post on public boards. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
Security and Compelled Disclosure. We disclose information to comply with the law or other legal process, and where required, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also disclose information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the Service or anyone else.
Notwithstanding the above, we may disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we disclose information about you, please see
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
5. Technology Integrations.
Our Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us. In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Service.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when you leave our Service, those entities may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information they disclose to us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
6. Analytics.
We use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Service. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. As part of this process, we may incorporate tracking technologies into our own Service (including our website).
As indicated above, vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use on the Service and your rights and choices regarding analytics, please see
Information Collected Automatically
in Section 2B above, and
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
7. Your Rights and Choices.
A. Account Information.
You may access, update, or remove certain information that you have provided to us through your account by visiting your account settings or sending an email to the email address set out in Contact Us found in Section 12 below. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use information about you as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
B. Tracking Technology Choices.
Cookies and Pixels.
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies.If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Do Not Track.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit
https://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly.
C. Analytics.
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that if you opt out using any opt out tools, the opt out may only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt out options or programs.
D. Communications.
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or emailing us at the email address set out in
Contact Us
found in Section 12 below with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the email. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Exit Games’ ongoing business relations.
Please note that your opt out is limited to the email used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
E. Other Region-Specific Rights
Some regions provide additional rights by law. This subsection details how to exercise certain of those rights to the extent they apply to you. See your region-specific terms for further details.
Authorized Agent.
Depending on your region, you may have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise rights on your behalf. Except for requests made by opt-out preference signal, we will require written and signed proof of the agent’s permission to do so and may verify your identity directly with you. To the extent permitted by applicable law, rights must be exercised through the designated methods listed above.
Appeals.
Depending on your region, you may have the right to appeal our decision if we deny your request. To appeal, please contact us at the email address set out in the Contact Us section below and specify what you wish to appeal. We will review and respond to your appeal in accordance with applicable law. If we deny your appeal, you may submit a complaint to your relevant regulatory authority through the links specified in your region-specific terms.
8. Children.
The Service is intended for a general audience, and is not directed at children under(13) years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information(as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or “COPPA”) in a manner not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at privacy@photonengine.com. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws. We do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the CCPA, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
9. Data Security.
We implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
10. International Transfer.
Our headquarter is based in Germany, with servers and other business partners located worldwide, including in the United States. If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of information about you in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set out in this Privacy Policy. If your data is collected in Europe, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. By continuously using our Service, you acknowledge our Privacy Policy then posted. If the changes are material, we may provide you additional notice to your email address.
12. Contact Us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law, please contact us:
By email:
                privacy@photonengine.com
If you have a disability and would like to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us at privacy@photonengine.com.
13. Additional Disclosures for California Residents.
These additional disclosures for California residents apply only to individuals who reside in California. Terms used in this Section 13 have the meaning ascribed to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), unless otherwise stated.
In addition, please note that these below rights and disclosures only apply to personal information we collect where we control the purposes and means of collection. Any questions or requests that you have relating to the processing of personal information by us on behalf of a customer should be directed to the relevant customer. We will support our customer to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
A. Notice of Collection.
In the past twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA:
Contact Identifiers
, including your first and last name, and postal address provided (when you interact with us).
Payment Information
, including billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information provided when you order any subscription through the Service.
Commercial information
, including your purchases and products you obtained or considered with the Services.
Internet activity
, including your interactions with our Service, such as the features you use, the pages you visit, the content you view, purchases you made or considered, the time of day you browse, and referring and exiting pages.
Non-precise Geolocation data
, such as location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city level.
Account Credentials
, including your email address and password.
Content
, including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback, questions, or survey responses) or publicly post on the Service (such as in product reviews or blog comments)
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review
Information Collection
in Section 2. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in
Use of Information
in Section 3, including to provide and manage our Services. Please review
Disclosure of Information
in Section 4 for more detail about the parties we have disclosed information to.
Exit Games does not sell personal information as defined by the CCPA. However, some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered a “sale” or “share” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. A “sale” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for something of value, and a “share” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for cross-context behavioral advertising. We collect, sell, or share the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes:  non-precise geolocation data. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or share your personal information include, where applicable, vendors and other parties involved in cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents. For details on your rights regarding sales and shares, please see the
Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Shares
section below.
Some of the personal information we collect may be considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect, use, and disclose such sensitive personal information only for the permissible business purposes for sensitive personal information under the CPRA or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about consumers. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information.
B. Right to Know, Correct, and Delete.
If you are a California resident, you the following rights under the CCPA:
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which personal information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of personal information that we sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
The right to delete personal information we have collected from you.
have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you and the right know certain information about our data practices in the preceding twelve(12) months. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us at https://www.photonengine.com/contact. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days. Please note, these rights require verification and subject to certain exceptions. To verify your identity, we may contact the email address that matches our records, and wait for your response. In some instances, we may ask for additional information.  If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests.
C. Rights to Opt-Out of Sales and Shares
You have the right to opt-out of sales or shares of your personal information, to the extent applicable. Please note, however, we do not “sell” or “share” your personal information as those terms are defined by the CCPA. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
D. Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise any of your rights.
E. Right to an Authorized Agent.
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights. For details on exercising this right, see the “Authorized agent” subsection of the Your Privacy Choices section above.
F. Minors
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, under California’s Online Eraser Law, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have publicly posted on the Service. To make a request, please write us at the email address set out in the
Contact Us
(Section 12) above with “California Under 18 Online Eraser Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
G. Shine the Light.
Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in
Contact Us
found in Section 12 above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request”. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
14. Additional Disclosures for Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia Residents
These additional rights and disclosures apply only to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. Terms have the meaning ascribed to them in the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”), the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”), the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”), as applicable.
Please note that these rights and disclosures only apply to personal data we collect where we control the purposes and means of collection. Any questions or requests that you have relating to the processing of personal data by us on behalf of a client should be directed to the relevant client. We will support the client to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
A. Data Subject Requests.
You have the following rights under applicable law:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data
To access your personal data
To correct inaccuracies in your personal data
To delete your personal data
To obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to us in a portable and readily usable format
If you are an Oregon resident, you also have the following rights:
To confirm the categories of personal data we have processed
To receive a list of the specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data
To exercise your rights, please submit a data subject request by contacting us at https://www.photonengine.com/en-US/contact (specifying the rights you wish to exercise). If you have an account with us, we may require you to submit the request through your account. We will confirm receipt of and respond to your request consistent with applicable law. Please note these rights require verification and are subject to exceptions. To verify your identity, we may contact the email address that matches our records, and wait for your response. In some instances, we may ask for additional information. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request.
B. Sales and Targeted Advertising
Depending on your region, you may have the right to opt-out of sales or processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. Please note, however, we do not sell or process your personal data for targeted advertising purposes.
C. Profiling
We do not process personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers.
D. Right to an Authorized Agent.
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights. For details on exercising this right, see the “Authorized agent” subsection of the Your Privacy Choices section above.
E. Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights.
F. Right to an Appeal.
You have the right to appeal our decision in response to your request. For details on exercising this right, see the “Appeals” subsection of the Your Privacy Choices section above. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows:
For Colorado residents, to the Colorado AG at https://coag.gov/file-complaint/
For Connecticut residents, to the Connecticut AG at https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
For Oregon residents, to the Oregon AG at https://justice.oregon.gov/consumercomplaints/
For Texas residents, to the Texas AG at https://oag.my.salesforce-sites.com/CPDOnlineForm
For Utah residents, to the AG at https://attorneygeneral.utah.gov/contact/complaint-form/
For Virginia residents, to the AG at https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
15. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents.
If you are a Nevada consumer, you have the right to direct us not to sell certain information that we have collected or will collect about you. To exercise this right, please follow the instructions for opting out of sales, shares, and targeted advertising in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above.
16. Additional Disclosures for People in the EU.
A. Roles.
Data protection laws in Europe distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes(known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations(known as “processors”).
We act as a controller only with respect to personal data collected as you interact with our websites and emails. Controller under the General Data Protection Regulation(“GDPR”) in this regard is Exit Games Inc., 111 SW 5th Ave. STE 3150, Portland, Oregon 97204, USA.
However, in most instances, we act as processor on behalf of our business clients—a separate legal entity—which is the controller. For example, game developers will create games which will be hosted in our globally distributed Photon Cloud. Please visit the applicable client’s privacy policy for information about their privacy practices. Any questions that you may have relating to the processing of personal data by Exit Games on behalf of the customer and your rights under data protection law should be directed to the customer as the controller, not to us.
B. Lawful Basis for Processing.
Data protection laws in Europe require a “lawful basis” for processing personal data.
Personal data you voluntarily provide us through our site(which may include your name, company, address and contact details such as your telephone number, email address or fax number) will be used for the purposes of satisfying your requests, such as ensuring an error-free and comfortable usage of our websites and registration with our Services. This is based on Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
If you registered as a developer our Services, we collect your personal data in order to administer your membership, including your account details in connection with your membership sign-in. This is based on Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
The provision of the above described personal data is a contractual requirement. If you do not provide us this information, we may not be able to provide you with our Services.
We may also send you as a registered developer further information about our Services or through our periodic newsletters, which may be unsubscribed by you at any time with a link that is provided with the newsletter. This is based on Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to provide you with news and information on our Services.
If you have emailed us with an enquiry we will use your email address to respond to your query. This is based on Art. (1)(b) of the GDPR when this is done prior to entering into a contract or based on Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR in any other case. Our legitimate interest is to respond to your enquiry.
The use of Analytics (as described above in Section 6) is either based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR) or our legitimate interest in analyzing the use of our Services (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
We do not involve automated decision-making, including profiling.
C. Retention Periods.
We will retain personal data only for as long as it is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
D. Recipients and International Transfers.
Exit Games uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Exit Games’ Websites and services.As far as necessary, personal data is also shared between us as the Controller and Exit Games GmbH in Hamburg, Germany.
Information that you submit may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area(“EEA”). By way of example, this may happen if one or more of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a country outside the EEA. If you make contact with any business featured on the site your details may be transferred outside the EEA. If we transfer your information outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
We transfer personal data to the following third countries:
Third country
Legal safeguards
Australia
Standard Contractual Clauses
Brazil
Standard Contractual Clauses
Canada
Standard Contractual Clauses
China
Standard Contractual Clauses
India
Standard Contractual Clauses
Japan
Standard Contractual Clauses
Singapore
Standard Contractual Clauses
South Africa
Standard Contractual Clauses
South Korea
Standard Contractual Clauses
Turkey
Standard Contractual Clauses
United Arab Emirates
Standard Contractual Clauses
USA EU-U.S.
Standard Contractual Clauses
To get a copy of the respective safeguards, please contact us at our European Representative office (see address below under G.)
E. Cookies.
Detailed below are the cookies we use and why and how long they last (in addition to the information provided above).
Strictly necessary cookies (and similar technologies)
Strictly necessary cookies are technically necessary in order to navigate our website (=the Service), use basic functions and ensure the security of the website. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services on our website. These cookies neither collect information about you for marketing purposes, nor do they store which webpages you have visited.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is Exit Games’ legitimate interest to ensure that the website functions correctly and according to the preferences indicated by each user (§ 25 (2) TTDSG and/or Art. 6 (1)(f) of the GDPR). They are enabled by default on the website, but you can technically block them using your browser settings (see below How to control cookies).
User identification and Services (https://www.photonengine.com/, https://dashboard.photonengine.com/, https://doc.photonengine.com/ and https://forum.photonengine.com/)
Cookie
Purpose
First/Third Party Cookie
Expiration
Data
Recipients outside EEA*
Name of third party/ privacy policy
egiL (egiLC1, egiLC2)
Used to distinguish users
First[TW2]
End of session or max 7 days or 30 days with “remember me”
Encrypted UserId and cached permissions.
None
None
egcaL
Used to distinguish users
First
End of session or max 7 days or 30 days with “remember me”
Encrypted user email for counterApi use.
None
None
egcuL
Used to store the default user language
First
375 days
Default user language
None
None
egctdp
Temporary information for some operations.
First
End of session
Encrypted session data used for some operations (error info, terms updates)
None
None
egaftL
Used to improve user security (anti XSRF/CSRF).
First
End of session
Unique request id
None
None
egcpa
Used to track acceptance of our cookie policy.
First
375 days
Client cookie settings
None
None
As a general purpose, these cookies are used to identify the logged-in user and provide data from the Photonengine services.
Blog (https://blog.photonengine.com/)
No additional cookies are used on our Blog Website.
Google Analytics (used on all pages)
Analytical cookies collect information about how you use our website, which webpages you visit and, for example, whether errors occur during the website’s use. These cookies are used by Exit Games to optimize our website, i.e. its performance and to measure the audience of the website. Functional cookies enable us to rate and enhance the functions of the Exit Games services as well as to provide expanded functionalities and personalized services.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your consent (§ 25 (1) TTDSG and/or Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
Cookie
Purpose
First/Third Party Cookie
Expiration
Data
Recipients outside EEA*
Name of third party/ privacy policy
_ga
Used to distinguish users.
Third
2 years
User/session identifier
Google
Google
_gid
Used to distinguish users.
Third
24 hours
User/session identifier
Google
Google
_ga_1J7V51TDRF
Used to persist session state.
Third
2 years
User/session identifier
Google
Google
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form (using the option “anonymizeIP”), including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Due to the activation of IP anonymization on the website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union/the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the U.S and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
Google Analytics is used under joint controllership with Google. A respective agreement has been concluded with Google for this purpose, which, however, currently assigns full responsibility to both parties for processing operations assigned to them. Google combines your usage data with usage data collected elsewhere and uses the resulting profiles to display individualized advertising and to provide analyses. Your data is only made available to us in aggregated and encrypted form.
Please note that this service may transfer personal data outside the European Union/the European Economic Area to so called “third countries” that do not provide an adequate level of data protection. Please see Section 10 of this Privacy Policy for associated risks. Below is a list of third countries to which the personal data may be transferred (this may be for various purposes, such as storage or processing):
U.S / Singapore / Chile / Taiwan
Where necessary, so-called Standard Contractual Clauses are concluded for such a transfer for the services used.
Learn more about
Google Analytics cookies
.
How to control cookies
You can withdraw your consent to the storage of cookies (and similar technologies), except in relation to “Strictly necessary cookies”, at any time by changing your cookie settings via the link at the footer area of our website.
Further, you can decide whether or not to accept cookies (all categories) through your internet browser's settings. To explore what cookie settings are available to you, look in the "preferences" or "options" section of your browser's menu (please also see Section 2 B and 7 B of this Privacy Policy).
If you use several devices/browsers, you must carry out the opt-out/deletion of cookies on each individual device/browser. If you delete all cookies in your browser, this will also delete the opt-out cookies, so that it may be necessary to carry out the opt-out again. Further, if you delete all cookies, your experience on the website may be degraded.
F. Your Data Subject Rights.
You may object at any time to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes.
If the processing is based on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If you are a data subject in the EU, you have the following rights:
The right to require free of charge (i) information whether your personal data is retained and (ii) access to and/or (iii) duplicates of personal data retained;
The right to request proper rectification, removal or restriction of your personal data;
Where processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, the right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time.
                    If you object we will no longer process your personal data, unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing or the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible(data portability);
Where processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal or to any other existing legal justification of the processing activity in question; and
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you.
You may exercise your rights by submitting a written request to us at the address set out in Contact Us in Section 12 above. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
Please note that we retain information as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements (based on Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
If your personal data has been processed by us on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal data, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal data.We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
G. Complaints and European Representative
If you have a complaint about our use of your personal data or response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns before you approach a data protection regulator, and would welcome you directing an inquiry first to us. In addition to the contact information above, please contact our:
European Representative (Headquarter)
Exit Games GmbH
Hongkongstraße 7, 20457 Hamburg, Germany
registered number HRB 85991
Data Protection Officer: privacy@photonengine.com
Exit Games, Inc. has appointed Exit Games GmbH as its EU representative for data protection matters (Art. 27 GDPR).
Cookies,
anyone?
We use cookies and related technologies to enhance your experience, show you personalised content and
                analyze performance and traffic on our website.
                By clicking on the „Accept All“ button you consent to the use of non-functional cookies and the subsequent
                processing of personal data to optimize our website and services as described in more detail in our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
By clicking on the „Customize or Deny all“ button you can decide otherwise.
                Clicking on the „Customize“ button will take you to a page where you can configure the usage of non-functional
                cookies (and related technologies) or deny all of them. You can access these settings at any time and also
                subsequently deselect cookies at any time in the footer area of our website.
CUSTOMIZE
OR DENY ALL
ACCEPT
ALL
Cookie
Overview
We use the following categories of cookies and related technologies to enhance your experience,
                show you personalized content, and analyze performance and traffic on our website.
                We respect your right to privacy and accordingly you can chose to not allow some types of cookies (and related technologies).
                Click on the different category sliders and change our default settings to manage your cookie settings.
For more information on the specific cookies/related technologies we use and on how we use these,
                please see section 15 E. of our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
ACCEPT
ALL
ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY
Authentication cookies we use are required to run our services … Cookies are required:
Privacy and Cookie Policy
REQUIRED
OFF
FUNCTIONAL AND MARKETING COOKIES
These cookies collect anonymous data and allow us to optimize our
                        website and user experience. These cookies are listed here:
Privacy and Cookie Policy
ANALYTICS / TAG MANAGER
Help us to understand how visitors interact with our services, enables us
                        to analyze and improve our services (also through third party analytics).
ON
OFF
DENY
ALL
CONTINUE
WITH SELECTION
Sub-policy 5
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-17 UTC.
Sub-policy 6
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 7
https://deltadna.com/privacy/:
ANALYTICS
Use cases
Utilizing player performance and tracking player behavior is vital to drive meaningful insights for the next phase of your game.
Get started
Documentation
Learn from data
A/B tests
Personalize
Reporting and insights
Get started
Get more from your data
After prioritizing the data that is most important to your business, you can use tools to help better analyze that data and view how it changes over time to make well informed decisions for your games.
Running A/B tests for your game
Experimenting with custom audiences and running them against specific cohorts is just the beginning. Design and run tests from simple to complex, that help you get the insights you need to confidently drive game improvements that your players will love.
Personalize player engagement
Success is more than just users playing your game, it’s also how they engage with your content. The Audiences feature allows you to engage with segmented cohorts in a meaningful way. Take action with tailored content, dynamic gameplay, and optimized monetization strategies to keep players interested.
Dynamic reporting and insights
Too much data can be difficult to digest. Track the key data for your game with custom audiences, events, and flexible reporting. Create dynamic reporting with SQL Data Explorer and data visualizations using Funnels, unique to your studio's needs.
Get started with Analytics today
Analytics enables studios to understand game performance and player behaviors. Capture insights quickly using prebuilt dashboards and visualizations powered by reliable, real-time data.
Get started
Contact us
Sub-policy 8
https://www.helpshift.com/legal/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Effective date:
8 July 2023
Last Updated:
19 August 2024
For the previous version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
Table of Contents
Helpshift, Inc (“Helpshift”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is a subsidiary of Keywords Studios Group (“Keywords”, “we”, “us” or “our”). We know that you care about how your Personal Data is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. When we reference Personal Data, we mean any information which Keywords has or obtains or which an individual provides to us from which that individual can be directly or indirectly personally identified or as that term (or similar term) is defined under applicable law.
Accordingly, we have implemented this Privacy Notice to inform you of the information that we collect from you when you visit our website,
www.keywordsstudios.com
, and its sub-domains, including individual websites of Keywords’ studios (the “Website”), or when you engage Keywords directly for its services, applications and/or their related features (the “Services”), what we do with it and how you can exercise your privacy rights. When you use our Services or our Website, your Personal Data will be handled as described in this Privacy Notice. Your use of our Services or Website, and any dispute over privacy is, where permitted under law, subject to our Terms of Use which is available on the Website, including their applicable terms governing limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
This Privacy Notice covers how we, at Keywords, treat and manage your Personal Data, why we use your Personal Data and how to contact us. We have identified below which of your Personal Data we collect on our own behalf. Keywords is a global company with customers and offices all around the world. As such, our approach to privacy compliance is a global one. No matter where you are located, whether in the United States, the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (UK), Latin America, or the Asia-Pacific region, we remain committed to abiding by all applicable data privacy laws. As part of this global approach, we endeavour to adopt consistent approaches to our Personal Data processing to the extent possible however, we have identified certain regions with specific practices and we have supplemented this Privacy Notice with regional specific sections in certain instances and they can be easily accessed through the hyperlinks in the below Table of Contents.
Additionally if you are applying for a role within the Keywords organisation using the application portal on this Website, please refer to the standalone Applicant Privacy Notice.
If you have a disability, you may access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format by contacting our Privacy Team at
privacy@helpshift.com
. Our Privacy Team can also be contacted if you have any questions on this Privacy Notice in general.
1. How We Use Your Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
This chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect in connection with the provision of our Services to our clients. Keywords acts as a data controller with respect to this data.
Category of Personal Data
Personal Data We Collect
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name, email address, phone number, mailing address, DOB.
Online Identifiers
Unique identifiers such as email IDs.
Identifiers
Customer number.
Online Presence
Information about your active status or presence on a Keywords dashboard /
database.
Social Network Data
Email, phone number, username on the social network, IP address, Device ID.
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
While using our Services, you may submit or upload certain content, communications, data, attachments or files to our Services for hosting and processing by us at your discretion.
If you are an individual whose Personal Data is being processed by Keywords in connection with a service being provided to you by a third party, then we are acting as a data processor or service provider on behalf of such company and you should contact the company (our customer) that provided you access to the Services to address your rights with respect to such data and they will respond to you accordingly. Our privacy practices in such cases will be governed by the contract that we have in place with the company. We will then endeavour to provide assistance to our customers to address concerns you may have in accordance with the terms of our contract with such customer. A common example of where we process Personal Data in such a manner is in connection with our player support services where an individual may have submitted a support request (which may include Personal Data such as a name, email address, user ID, etc.) to a company that uses our customer support technology or services however in such circumstances, the company should be contacted and we can assist with such communications to the extent possible.
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect through your usage of our Website or other Keywords’ websites including
https://labs.keywordsstudios.com/
. Keywords acts as a data controller with respect to this data.
Category of Personal Data
Personal Data We Collect
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name, email address, phone number, mailing address.
Online Identifiers
Unique identifiers such as email IDs.
Device / IP data
IP address, device ID, type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Website.
Web Analytics
Browsing or search history, web page interactions (including with ads). Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Website. Non-identifiable request IDs, statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Website pixel tags.
Social Network Data
Email, phone number, username on the social network, IP address, Device ID.
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
Identifying information in emails or letters or communications that you send us – when you register for or use an account, participate with Labs at Keywords Studios, request a demo, trial or further information about our Services, subscribe to marketing communications, provide your feedback, seek customer support, post comments on our blog, sign up to our events or webinars, you may provide certain information to us such as your name, email address, contact details, company name, job role, and the nature of your request or communication. We may also collect Personal Data from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives or support staff.
Note: Where you are engaging with Keywords through our studios Player Research and Digital Media Management, more information on how your Personal Data is used can be found on their specific privacy notices that can be accessed through the following links:
Player Research:
https://www.playerresearch.com/privacy-policy/
; and
Digital Media Management:
https://digitalmediamanagement.com/privacy-policy/
.
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
You
When you provide such information directly to us. This may occur:
When you use our interactive tools, this Website, other Websites and/or Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When you use the Website and/or Services and such information is collected automatically, for example:
Through Cookies (defined in our
Cookie Notice
which is available on the Website).
If you download one of our mobile applications or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and mobile device, as applicable.
If you download and install certain applications and software that we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Website and/or Services.
Third Parties
Social Networks:
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us.
If you are from a region that requires a legal basis for processing personal data (such as the EU or the UK), our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it but we will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. In such circumstances, the table below details how Keywords will use your Personal Data for our commercial or business purposes (“Purposes”) and the context for which we use your Personal Data (“Legal Basis”).
Where  required for performance of a contract with you
Legal Basis
We may obtain, collect and process your Personal Data where necessary to perform a contract or to enter into a contract at your request with Keywords.
Purpose
We process your Personal Data for our customers as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to provide you with the Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such data.
Where use is for a legitimate purpose of Keywords
Legal Basis
We may obtain, collect and process your Personal Data where we have a legitimate interest to do so as the data controller.
Purpose
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Website and/or Services
Providing you with the products, Services or information you request.
Providing Services to our clients.Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Website and/or Services and processing transactions and orders.
Setting up your online account and sending you administrative or account related information.
Improving the Website and/or Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
To manage your account, for customer relationship management, to provide support and other related services.
Personalising the Website and/or Services, Website content and communications based on your preferences.
To obtain your feedback or user experience.Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
To identify trends and address Service issues.
To maintain security and identify any server problems or other IT or network issues.
For other legitimate business purposes such as audits, for marketing and customer relationships, record keeping, business planning and management.
For business transactions such as a merger, restructuring or a sale.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
Marketing the Services in accordance with your preferences, marketing and selling the Services.
Corresponding with YouResponding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Keywords or the Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we think will interest you.
For compliance with Keywords’ legal obligations, including:
Legal Basis
We may obtain, collect and process your Personal Data when it is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations imposed under applicable EU Member State, European Union law or UK law.
Purpose
We obtain, collect and process your Personal Data for:
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Keywords or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.Resolving disputes.
Where necessary to establish, exercise or defend Keywords legal rights or for the purpose of legal proceedings
Where you have provided your consent to us using the Personal Data for a particular purpose. If you give consent for Keywords to use your Personal Data for a particular purpose, you have the right at any time to withdraw consent to the future use of that Personal Data for some or all of those purposes by writing to the address specified below. (See Contact Us).
Where required by applicable data privacy laws, we will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined above), unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your Personal Data for any other reasonable purposes in connection with our engagement with you, the Purpose and Legal Basis for any further processing will be notified in advance from time to time.
2. How We Share Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below.
Service Providers
We will share Personal Data with our service providers or other entities acting as Keywords’ agents or data processors for the purposes of providing services to Keywords and on the understanding that Personal Data will be processed in line with legal obligations imposed. These parties help us to provide the Website and/or Services or to perform business functions on our behalf. They include hosting, technology and communication providers.
Customers
We will share Personal Data with our customers to enable them to carry out the obligations under the contract that we have with our customers and other commercial partners where agreed.  Note that we will only share your Personal Data with the specific customer that contracted with Keywords to make the Services available unless otherwise agreed.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data where this is required by law or regulation, or court or administrative order having force of law, or where required by any of Keywords’ regulators.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a different entity, and our legal or other advisors, if we undergo, or evaluate, a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction (or proposed transaction) in which that entity assumes control of our business or assets of our business (in whole or in part).
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data that we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
3. Transfers of Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data that we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Many of the countries will be within the EEA or will be ones which the European Commission has approved and will have data privacy laws which are the same as or broadly equivalent to those in the European Union. However, some transfers may be to countries which do not have equivalent protections, and, in that case, Keywords will use reasonable efforts to implement contractual protections for the Personal Data. While this may not always be possible, any transfers will be done in accordance with applicable data privacy laws, including through the implementation of appropriate or suitable safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, in accordance with such applicable data privacy laws. In particular, Keywords is a party to an Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement which governs the transfer of Personal Data across all members of the Keywords Group in a manner consistent with the requirements of the applicable data privacy laws.
4. Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that Personal Data. Although we work to protect the security of your data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. In general, Keywords (or its service providers on its behalf) will hold this information for a period of seven years after you cease to interact with us, unless we are obliged to hold it for a longer period under law or applicable regulations. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
5. Automated Decisions
Automated decisions are defined as decisions about individuals that are based solely on the automated processing of data and that produce legal effects that significantly affect the individuals involved. Keywords does not make automated decisions in relation to you or to your Personal Data. If automated decisions are made, the affected persons will be given an opportunity to express their views on the automated decision in question and to object to it.
6. Third Party Website/Services
The Website may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Website. These other websites are not under Keywords control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Keywords of those other websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from the Service are not covered by this Privacy Notice, and Keywords is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
7. Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16 years of age without specifically notifying such data subjects and their guardians that such Personal Data may be collected and processed in a specific instance. In such instances, details regarding the legal basis for such processing and any potential uses of such Personal Data will be provided. If you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn that we have incidentally collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, other than for a specific purpose where they have been information of the purpose and legal basis for collection, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
8. Your Rights in relation to Personal Data
Depending on the laws of the state or country in which you are located or reside, you may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. Residents of certain states or countries may have different or additional rights, which you can find below in the state-specific sections. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Access:
You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords. This right can be exercised by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Rectification, Erasure & Restriction:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct any inaccuracies, and in certain circumstances, to request erasure, or restriction on the use, of your Personal Data, and to object to certain uses of your Personal Data, in each case subject to the restrictions set out in applicable data privacy laws. Further information on these rights, and the circumstances in which they may arise in connection with Keywords’ processing of Personal Data, can be obtained by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to change your mind and withdraw your consent to future processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Portability
:  You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another data controller where technically feasible.
Objection
:  Where Keywords is relying on a legitimate interest, in order to use and disclose Personal Data, you may to object to such use or disclosure of your Personal Data, and we will cease to use and process the Personal Data for that purpose, unless we can show there are compelling legitimate reasons for processing to continue or we need to use the Personal Data for the purposes of legal claims.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Keywords’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
9. Philippines Residents Rights
If you are a resident of the Philippines, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
As a resident of the Philippines, you are entitled to the following rights:
Right to be informed:
You have the right to be informed whether Personal Data pertaining to you shall be, is being, or has been processed, including the existence of automated decision-making and profiling.
Access
:  You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords. This right can be exercised by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. You should be given access to information about, and obtain a copy of your Personal Data that we are processing, including information on the following where applicable:
Contents of Personal Data and categories of data that were processed;
Sources from which your Personal Data were obtained, if the data was not collected from you;
Purposes of processing;
Identities and addresses of recipients of Personal Data;
Manner by which your Personal Data was processed;
Reasons for the disclosure and purposes for granting access to the recipients of your Personal Data;
Information on automated processing, in case the data was used as the sole basis for any decision that significantly affects or will significantly affect you as a data subject;
Date when your Personal Data was last accessed or modified;
The designation, identity, and address of the data controller and/or data processor other than the Keywords;
Period for which particular categories of information will be stored; and
The designation, name or identity, and address of the Keywords’ data protection officer, if any.
Rectification & Restriction:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct any inaccuracies in, to request completion of incomplete data, and in certain circumstances, to request erasure, or restriction on the use, of your Personal Data, and to object to certain uses of your Personal Data. Further information on these rights, and the circumstances in which they may arise in connection with Keywords’ processing of Personal Data, can be obtained by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. If the Personal Data has been corrected, Keywords shall ensure the accessibility of both the new and the retracted information and the simultaneous receipt of the new and the retracted information by the intended recipients thereof, provided that recipients or other entities who have previously received such processed Personal Data shall be informed of its inaccuracy and its rectification, upon your reasonable request.
Erasure or Blocking:
You have the right to request the suspension, withdrawal, or order the blocking, removal, deletion, or destruction of your Personal Data from the Keywords’ filing system under certain circumstances, in particular when:
the Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was originally collected or otherwise processed;
you object to the processing of your data and there are no overriding legitimate interests that require continued processing;
you withdraw your consent, where provided, and there is no other legal ground for the processing;
the Personal Data is incomplete, outdated, false, or has been unlawfully processed;
the Personal Data has to be erased in order for Keywords to comply with a legal obligation. You do not have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data when the processing of your Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
the Personal Data concerns private information that is prejudicial to you, unless justified by freedom of speech, of expression, or of the press or otherwise authorized;
the processing is unlawful; or
Keywords or the data processor on their behalf violated your rights as a data subject.
Keywords may notify other entities who have previously received such processed Personal Data.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right has the right to change your mind and withdraw consent to future processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or Services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Portability
:  You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another data controller, where technically feasible, in an electronic or structured format that is commonly used and allows for your further use.
Objection
:  You shall have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, including processing for direct marketing, automated processing or profiling. You shall also be notified and given an opportunity to withhold consent to the processing in case of changes or any amendment to the information supplied or declared to you. When you object or withhold consent, Keywords shall no longer process the Personal Data, unless: (a) the Personal Data is needed pursuant to a subpoena; (b) the collection and processing are for obvious purposes, including, when it is necessary for the performance of or in relation to a contract or service to which you are a party, or when necessary or desirable in the context of an employer-employee relationship between you and the collector; or (c) the information is being collected and processed as a result of a legal obligation.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Keywords’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the National Privacy Commission through its website:
https://www.privacy.gov.ph
.
Right to damages:
You may be entitled to compensation for damages you sustain due to such inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, false, unlawfully obtained or unauthorized use of your Personal Data, taking into account any violation of your rights and freedoms as a data subject.
10. Indian Residents Rights
If you are an Indian resident, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice regardless of how you access the Services or the Website (whether by computer, mobile device, or otherwise) and regardless of whether you are a registered user or a guest. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
By using the Services or the Website, you agree to the Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to the Privacy Notice, you are not authorized to use the Services or the Website as appropriate and you must cease all such use immediately.
Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about or from individuals under 18 years of age in India. If you are an individual under the age of 18, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data, and you may use the Services or send us any Personal Data only after your parent/guardian have consented to your use of the Services, on your behalf. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from an individual under 18 years of age, without consent of your parent/guardian, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that an individual under 18 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Data Security
Apart from the above mentioned Data Security practices under the Data Security and Retention section above, Keywords take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure your information is protected in alignment with all applicable laws and regulations, including by implementing various information security policies applicable to its personnel.
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
We will obtain your consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data. Where there are changes to the Purposes for processing, we will obtain your consent to such changes.
11. Singapore Residents Rights
If you are based in Singapore, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
We will obtain your consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data. Where there are changes to the Purposes for processing, we will obtain your consent to such changes.
Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 21 years of age in the Philippines. If you are a child under the age of 21, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or the Website or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 21 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 21 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Your Rights in relation to Personal Data
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Access
:  You have a right of access to the Personal Data we process about you. You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords. You also have a right to information on how we have used or disclosed your Personal Data in the 12 months prior to your request. This right can be exercised by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct any inaccuracies in your Personal Data free of charge. Further information on this right can be obtained by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right has the right to change your mind and withdraw consent to future processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. However, depending on the nature of the consent that is withdrawn, you may no longer be able to visit the Website or use the Services. Any withdrawal of your consent will not affect the processing of Personal Data which occurred before you withdrew your consent.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Keywords’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the competent data protection authority through its website:
https://www.pdpc.gov.sg
.
To exercise the above rights with regard to the processing activities for which we are the data controller, please contact us by e-mail or regular mail (see below for our contact details). Your request should be accompanied by your full contact details and a means of verifying your identity (e.g. a copy of the front of your ID card or driving licence). We may request further information as necessary in order to verify your identity or for security purposes. Where permitted to do so under applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee for processing your request. We may also reject your requests where permitted to do so by law.
Data Protection Officer
Our Data Privacy Officer, as appointed in Singapore, can be contracted by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
12. Rights under Canadian Privacy Law
If you are based in Canada, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. Depending on your province of residency in Canada, your rights under Canadian privacy legislation may differ. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, the relevant part of this section shall prevail.
12.1 Québec residents
Québec privacy law regulates the collection and use of Personal Data using technology which allows a person to tracked or profiled. This includes the use of geolocation technology.
“Profiling” is defined as “the collection and use of personal information to assess certain characteristics of a natural person, in particular for the purpose of analysing that person’s work performance, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests or behaviour”.
We do monitor web page interactions and track your location when using the Website, if and when you choose to activate such technologies by accepting cookies on the website. For further information, please consult our Cookies Policy available on our website.
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
Generally speaking, we will obtain your consent prior to any collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data, except where such collection, use or disclosure is authorized or required by applicable law. You are generally not obliged to provide your Personal Data, however, please note that, in certain cases, we may be unable to provide certain Services to you or enable access to the Website if you refuse ‎to provide certain Personal ‎Data.‎ ‎
You have the right to change your mind and withdraw consent to future ‎processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. Please note that ‎such withdrawal may impact our continued ability to provide certain Services or access to the Website to you. Such ‎withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any processing which took place prior to such ‎withdrawal, nor does it ‎create an obligation for us to delete Personal Data which we are ‎otherwise ‎allowed or ‎required to retain under applicable law.‎
Further Processing
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined above), unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose, it is clearly to the benefit of the person concerned or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law. If we need to use your Personal Data for any other reasonable purposes in connection with our engagement with you, the purpose for any further processing will be made known to you in advance. We may ask you to provide additional consent to such processing, if and to the extent required by applicable law.
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us. This will be specifically addressed in the relevant app privacy notice or software-specific privacy notice to which you are required to give consent before installing same.
Sharing Your Personal Data with Other Entities
We will share Personal Data with our service providers or any other entities acting as Keywords’ agents or data processors for the purposes of providing services to Keywords and on the understanding that Personal Data will only be processed in line with our instructions and in compliance with all applicable legal obligations.  Generally, we may share Personal Data where this is authorized or required by law (including by a court or administrative body having order-making or relevant regulatory power).
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to another entity if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction (or proposed transaction) in which that other entity assumes control of our business (in whole or in part), to the extent necessary to give effect to such transaction. In such instances we will take steps to ensure that the third party has agreed in writing to protect your Personal Data, and that you are notified in writing of the transfer where possible.
Data Transfer
Generally, transfers of Personal Data outside Québec will not occur unless and until a data privacy assessment has been undertaken by us and appropriate safeguards have been put in place to protect the Personal Data.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. In general, Keywords (or its service providers on its behalf) will hold this information for a period of seven years after you cease to interact with us, unless it is obliged to hold it for a longer period under applicable law or regulatory requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally, whether directly or indirectly.
Your Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords.
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to request correction of any inaccuracies and, in certain circumstances, to request erasure of the Personal Data.
You may request, in certain circumstances, that we ‎cease disseminating your Personal Data or to ‎‎de-‎index any hyperlink that allows access to ‎that Personal Data by technological means, ‎‎if ‎such dissemination contravenes applicable ‎law or a court.‎
Any such access/correction/erasure requests can be made to Keywords’ Québec Data Protection Officer at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
12.2 Canadian Residents Outside the Province of Québec:
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
Generally speaking, we will obtain your consent prior to any collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data, except where such collection, use or disclosure is authorized or required by applicable law.
Further Processing
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined above), unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose, clearly to the benefit of the person concerned, or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law.  If we need to use your Personal Data for any other reasonable purposes in connection with our engagement with you, the purpose and legal basis (if applicable) for any further processing will be made known to you in advance (except in situations where we are authorized by law not to do so).  We may ask you to provide additional consent to such processing, if and to the extent required by applicable law.
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us. This will be specifically addressed in the relevant app privacy notice or software-specific privacy notice to which you are required to give consent before installing same.
Sharing Your Personal Data with Other Entities
We will share Personal Data with our service providers or any other entities acting as Keywords’ agents or data processors for the purposes of providing services to Keywords and on the understanding that Personal Data will only be processed in line with our instructions and in compliance with all applicable legal obligations. Generally, we may share Personal Data where this sharing is authorized or required by law (including by a court or administrative body having order-making or relevant regulatory power).
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to another entity if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction (or proposed transaction) in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part), to the extent necessary to give effect to such transaction.  In such instances we will take steps to ensure that the other entity has agreed in writing to protect your Personal Data, and that you are notified in writing of the transfer where possible (if the transaction completes).
Data Transfer
Generally, transfers of Personal Data outside Canada (e.g. for processing by a service provider) will not occur unless and until a due diligence review has been undertaken by us and appropriate safeguards have been put in place to protect the Personal Data.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services.  In some cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, protect our legal position, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law, rule or regulation.  In general, Keywords (or its service providers on its behalf), will retain this Personal Data for a period of seven years after you cease to interact with us, unless it is obliged to hold it for a longer period under applicable law or regulatory requirements.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Your Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords.
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to request correction of any inaccuracies and, in certain circumstances, to request erasure of the Personal Data
Any such access/correction/erasure requests can be made to Keywords’ Canadian Data Protection Officer at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
13. California Privacy Notice
If you are based in California this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
This California specific part (“CA Notice”) supplements the information contained in our Privacy Notice above and applies to visitors and users of the Website, along with those obtaining Services from Keywords, and others who are residents of certain states with generally applicable data privacy laws (referred to here as “consumers” or “you”). Consumers in these states have certain privacy rights as specified under state law, and this CA Notice ensures we cover state-specific requirements. Any terms defined in the applicable state privacy laws that we use here have the same meaning when used in this CA Notice. Personal Data, as used in this CA Notice, also includes “personal information,” as that term is defined under applicable state privacy laws.
Information We Collect
As more fully described above under the How We Use Your Personal Data section above, we collect (and have collected within the last twelve (12) months) the following categories of Personal Data:
Identifiers
, including name, alias, email, phone number, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier (including social network usernames), IP address, or other similar identifiers.
Customer records
, including contact information, customer numbers, professional information, and customer business card numbers.
Internet or other electronic network activity
, including browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with our Services, interactions with our advertisements or emails, and other usage data related to your use of any of our Services.
Geolocation data,
including general location information about a particular individual or device.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information,
including information collected via call recordings if you call our customer service department or if you otherwise call us on a recorded line.
Professional Information
, including job title, company name, business email, business phone number, and other similar professional and employment-related information.
Inferences, including inferences drawn from any of the information described in this section about a consumer (e.g., reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behaviours).
For purposes of this CA Notice, Personal Data may not include:
Publicly available information lawfully made available from government records, or information that we have a reasonable basis to believe was made publicly available by you and not restricted to a specific audience.
Information otherwise excluded from the scope of various state privacy laws.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties and Other Recipients
The categories of Personal Data we may have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months include:
Identifiers;
Customer records;
Internet or other network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information;
Professional information; and
Inferences; and
Protected classifications.
The categories of third parties and other recipients to whom we may have disclosed Personal Data for a business purpose may include:
Affiliates and subsidiaries;
Vendors and service providers;
Data analytics and marketing providers;
Internet service providers; and
Operating systems and platforms.
Sources of Personal Data
We generally collect Personal Data from the following categories of sources:
Directly or indirectly from you;
Affiliates and subsidiaries;
Business customers and clients;
Internet service providers; and
Vendors and service providers.
Purposes of Collecting and Disclosing Personal Data
As more fully described in the
How We Use Personal Data
section above, in general, we collect and otherwise process Personal Data for the following business or commercial purposes:
Providing, supporting, and improving our Services;
Conducting analytics;
Product development;
Opening and managing user accounts;
Communicating with you;
Marketing and promotions;
Research and surveys;
Planning and managing events;
Security, fraud detection, and protection of our and others rights;
Compliance and legal process;
Auditing, reporting, and other internal operations; and
General business and operational support, including engaging in business sales or acquisitions.
Sensitive Personal Data. We do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive personal data beyond the purposes authorized by applicable state privacy laws.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Data
The CCPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third-party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” as disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third-party for purposes of cross-contextual behavioural advertising.
While we do not disclose Personal Data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” or “share” the following categories of Personal Data: identifiers and Internet or other electronic network activity information. We may disclose these categories to third-party advertising networks, analytics providers and social networks for purposes of marketing and advertising. We do not sell or share Personal Data about individuals we know are under age sixteen (16).
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
California residents may have the following rights regarding their Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications:
Access and Data Portability
: You may have the right to request details about the Personal Data we have collected about you, such as whether we have collected Personal Data about you, the categories of sources, the purposes for which we have collected the Personal Data, the categories of recipients and the specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in a readily usable format.
Correction
: You may have the right to request we correct incorrect or inaccurate Personal Data, subject to restrictions regarding the determination of accuracy of the existing Personal Data.
Deletion
: You may have the right to request deletion of your data unless an exception applies. Examples of exceptions include when we need to keep data to continue providing the Services, meet legal obligations, detect fraud and investigate violations of our Terms of Use or to address security issues.
Opt-Out of Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising
: You have the right to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your Personal Data and to opt-out of the use of your Personal Data for “targeted advertising” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. You have the right and ability to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your Personal Data using an opt-out preference signal. If our Website detects that your browser or device is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as the “global privacy control”—or GPC— signal, we will opt that browser or device out of the use of cookies or other tools on our site that result in a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Data. If you come to our site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, or if you clear your cookies, you will need to opt-out again, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device as well.
Limit Use and Disclosure
: We do not engage in uses of sensitive Personal Data that would trigger a
right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
under applicable state privacy law.
Non-Discrimination
: We will not discriminate against you in terms of price or service level for exercising any of the rights described in this section.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
To exercise your privacy rights as a California resident, please send us a request by emailing
privacy@helpshift.com
. You can also contact us at +1 818 729-8508.
You may designate someone as an authorized agent to submit requests and act on your behalf. For security purposes, authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization in their first communication with us, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
Unless otherwise permitted by the CCPA, you may only make a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you. Therefore, we will need your first and last name, email address, and, if applicable, customer number. In some cases, we may request additional information to verify your identity, or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity after a good faith attempt, we may deny the request and, if so, will explain the basis for the denial.
14. Other U.S. State Privacy Rights
If you are based in Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado or Utah, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
Residents of Virginia (as of January 1, 2023), Connecticut and Colorado (as of July 1, 2023), and Utah (as of December 31, 2023) who are users of the Website or recipients of Services and who are not acting in a commercial or employment context in relation to Keywords or its business customers may be entitled to exercise the following rights:
Access and Data Portability
: You may have the right to request details about the Personal Data we have collected about you. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in a readily usable format.
Correction
: You may have the right to request we correct incorrect or inaccurate Personal Data, subject to restrictions regarding the determination of accuracy of the existing Personal Data.
Deletion
. You may have the right to request deletion of your data unless an exception applies.
Opt-Out of Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising.
Opt-Out of Profiling with Legal or Significant Effects
: You may have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. However, we do not engage in such activities, so there is no need to exercise this right.
Right to Appeal (VA, CT, and CO only):
If we deny or reject your privacy rights request, you may have a right to appeal our decision if permitted by your state’s privacy law. To appeal our denial or rejection, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
and include in the subject line “Request to Appeal Privacy Right Request Decision.” Please provide us sufficient information to locate your privacy right request record, such as any unique number you were provided. Our privacy office will review your appeal request, our original determination, and will inform you of our decision on your appeal.
15. Changes to this Privacy Notice
Overall, we’re constantly trying to improve our Services which includes optimising our Website, so we may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in technology, law, business operations or any other reason we determine is necessary or appropriate, but we will alert you to any material changes by placing a notice on the Website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means.
16. Contact Information
If you have any questions or queries about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: +353 1 902 2730;
Email:
privacy@keywordsstudios.com
;
privacy@helpshift.com
or
Address:  South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 T9P8, Ireland.
Sub-policy 9
https://console.gamesight.io/privacy-policy:
Cookies & Privacy
This website uses cookies improve your experience and analyze traffic. You can learn more and manage consent using the settings button.
Settings
Accept Cookies