Privacy Policy
We at Bayleaf Kitchen understand that your privacy is important to you and that you
	care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and
	value the privacy of everyone who visits this website www.bayleafkitchendublin.com ("our
	Site") and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are
	described here, and in a manner that is consistent with our obligations and
	your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand
	it. Your acceptance of our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your
	first use of our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy
	Policy, you must stop using our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Cookie"
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our
	Site when you visit certain parts of our Site and/or when you use certain
	features of our Site. Details of the Cookies used by our Site are set out
	in section 13, below;
"Personal data"
means any and all data that relates to an identifiable
	person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this
	case, it means personal data that you give to us via our Site. This
	definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in
	the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR"); and
"Takeaway/We/Us/Our"
means Bayleaf Kitchen  a company whose registered address is  71, Thomas ST, Dublin, Dublin, D08 Y927.
2. Information About Us
Our Site is operated by Foodhub ("FH/us"), the trading name of Foodhub Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under number 10619783, whose
	registered office is at 55 Duke Street, Stoke-On-Trent,
	ST4 3NR.
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our Site. Our Site may
	contain links to other websites. Please note that we provide such links for
	your convenience and for informational purposes only. We do not endorse or
	approve any of the products, services or opinions on such other websites.
	We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other
	websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such
	websites before providing any data to them.
4. Your Rights
4.1 As a data subject, you have the following rights under the
				GDPR, which this Policy and our use of personal data have been
				designed to uphold:
4.1.1 The right to be informed about our collection and use of
				personal data;
4.1.2 The right of access to the personal data we hold about you (see
				section 12);
4.1.3 The right to rectification if any personal data we hold about
				you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact us using the
				details in section 14);
4.1.4 The right to be forgotten - i.e. the right to ask us to delete
				any personal data we hold about you (we only hold your personal
				data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you
				would like us to delete it sooner, please contact us using the
				details in section 14);
4.1.5 The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your
				personal data;
4.1.6 The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your
				personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
4.1.7 The right to object to us using your personal data for
				particular purposes; and
4.1.8 Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
4.2 If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal
			data, please contact us using the details provided in section 14
			and we will do our best to solve the problem for you. If we are
			unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with
			the UK's supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's
			Office.
4.3 For further information about your rights, please contact the
			Information Commissioner's Office or your local Citizens' Advice
			Bureau.
5. What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of our Site, we may collect some or all of the
	following personal and non-personal data (please also see section 13 on our
	use of Cookies and similar technologies):
5.1 name;
5.2 address;
5.3 contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
5.4 delivery address, if you place an order with us;
5.5 demographic information such as post code, preferences, and
			interests;
5.6 IP address;
5.7 web browser type and version; and
5.8 operating system.
Please note our Site may ask you for payment details, such as billing
	information or credit or debit card information, however all payments made
	via our Site will go through a third party payment processor such as PayPal
	and as such, we will have no access to this data. A separate contractual
	relationship will be created between you and the payment processor on their
	terms and conditions and we cannot be held liable for any errors, actions,
	omissions or incorrect charges that may be made by them.
6. How Do We Use Your Data?
6.1 All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no
				longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it
				was first collected. We will comply with our obligations and
				safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times. For more
				details on security see section 7, below.
6.2 Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis,
				either because it is necessary for our performance of a
				contract with you (e.g. by placing an order with us), because
				you have consented to our use of your personal data (e.g. by
				subscribing to SMS and emails), or because it is in our legitimate
				interests. Specifically, we may use your data for the following
				purposes:
6.2.1 Providing and managing your access to our Site;
6.2.2 Personalising and tailoring your experience on our Site;
6.2.3 Supplying our goods and services to you (please note that
					we require your personal data in order to enter into a
					contract with you);
6.2.4 Replying to emails from you;
6.2.5 Supplying you with SMS and emails that you have opted into (you may
					unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of each email and SMS or
					you may opt-out at any time by emailing us directly);
6.2.6 Analysing your use of our Site to enable us to continually
					improve our Site and your user experience.
6.3 With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also
				use your data for marketing purposes which may include
				contacting you by email and SMS with information, news and offers on
				our services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited
				marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure
				that we fully protect your rights and comply with our
				obligations under GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic
				Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
6.4 Third parties whose content appears on our Site may use third
				party Cookies, as detailed below in section 13. Please refer to
				section 13 for more information on controlling Cookies. Please
				note that we do not control the activities of such third
				parties, nor the data they collect and use, and we advise you
				to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
6.5 You have the right to withdraw your consent to us using your
				personal data at any time, and to request that we delete it.
6.6 We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is
				necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first
				collected.
7. How Do We Store Your Data?
7.1 We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in
				order to use it as described above in section 6, and/or for as
				long as we have your permission to keep it.
7.2 Data security is very important to us, and to protect your data
				we have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data
				collected through our Site.
8. Do We Share Your Data?
8.1 We share your data with T2S, as the provider of our Site. We
				may also sometimes contract with other third parties to supply
				goods and services to you on our behalf. These may include,
				payment processors, search engine facilities and
				sub-contractors. In some cases, these third parties may require
				access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is
				required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps
				to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and
				in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the
				obligations of the third party under the law.
8.2 We may compile statistics about the use of our Site including
				data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other
				information. All such data will be anonymised and will not
				include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data
				that can be combined with other data and used to identify you.
				We may from time to time share such data with third parties
				such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and
				advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the
				bounds of the law.
8.3 We may sometimes use third party data processors that are
				located outside of the European Economic Area ("the EEA") (The
				EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and
				Liechtenstein). Where we transfer any personal data outside the
				EEA, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data
				is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK
				and under the GDPR.
8.4 In certain circumstances, we may be legally required to share
				certain data held by us, which may include your personal data,
				for example, where we are involved in legal proceedings, where
				we are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a
				governmental authority.
9. What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
9.1 We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and
				this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all
				or part of our business. Any personal data that you have
				provided will, where it is relevant to any part of our business
				that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part
				and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the
				terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data
				only for the same purposes for which it was originally
				collected by us.
9.2 In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such
				a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of
				the changes.
10. How Can You Control Your Data?
10.1 In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section
				4, when you submit personal data to us via email or via our
				Site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your
				data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our
				use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the
				ability to opt-out of receiving SMS and emails from us which you may do
				by unsubscribing using the links provided in our SMS and emails, at the
				point of providing your details and by contacting us).
10.2 You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference
				services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service
				("the TPS"), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service ("the
				CTPS"), and the Mailing Preference Service ("the MPS"). These
				may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please
				note, however, that these services will not prevent you from
				receiving marketing communications that you have consented to
				receiving.
11. Your Right to Withhold Information
11.1 You may access certain areas of our Site without providing any
				data at all. However, to use all features and functions
				available on our Site you may be required to submit or allow
				for the collection of certain data.
11.2 You may restrict our use of Cookies. You can choose to enable
				or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet
				browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable
				all cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most
				internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For
				further details, please consult the help menu in your internet
				browser or the documentation that came with your device. You
				can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any
				time, however you may lose any information that enables you to
				access our Site more quickly and efficiently.
12. How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by
	us (where such data is held). Please contact us for more details using the
	contact details below in section 14.
13. Our Use of Cookies
13.1 Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on
				your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed
				directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to
				facilitate and improve your experience of our Site and to
				provide and improve our services. All Cookies used by and on
				our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
13.2 Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will
				be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies.
				By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are
				enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service
				to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of
				Cookies; however certain features of our Site may not function
				fully or as intended.
13.3 Certain features of our Site depend on Cookies to function.
				Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be "strictly necessary". Your
				consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is
				still important that you are aware of them. You may still block
				these Cookies by changing your internet browser's settings as
				detailed below, but please be aware that our Site may not work
				properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that
				your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
13.4 Our Site uses Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a
				set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage
				information, enabling us to better understand how our Site is
				used. This, in turn, enables us to improve our Site and the
				services offered through it. You do not have to allow us to use
				these Cookies, however whilst our use of them does not pose any
				risk to your privacy or your safe use of our Site, it does
				enable us to continually improve our Site, making it a better
				and more useful experience for you. Google's privacy policy is
				available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
13.5 In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to
				enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default,
				most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed.
				For further details, please consult the help menu in your
				internet browser or the documentation that came with your
				device.
13.6 You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at
				any time, however you may lose any information that enables you
				to access our Site more quickly and efficiently.
13.7 It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and
				operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and
				guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and
				manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about
				adjusting your privacy settings.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Site or this Privacy Policy, please
	contact us by email at info@bayleafkitchendublin.com by telephone on 014549335 or by post at
	 71, Thomas ST, Dublin, Dublin, D08 Y927. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is
	a request for information about the data we hold about you (as under
	section 12, above).
15. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the
	law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on our Site and you
	will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your
	first use of our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you
	check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Customer Service
Order Now
Reviews
Contact Us
Foodhub For Business
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Allergy Information
Unsubscribe
EN-GB
Order Now
About
Reorder
More
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.