Privacy Policy
We understand how important the privacy of Personal Information is to our users. We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information and customized user data. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will collect, use and disclose your personal information.
1. Information Collected About You
We don’t have a Registration/Login Process, so we don’t store any personal information on our server.
We Collect Only your email name when you decide to email our developers for Feedback/Bug Report/New Features Request. We collect that information to solve bugs or improve our service. The email will be used for contacting you to improve our service. We will never use that information for any other purpose, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
2. Confidentiality and Security
Any information you provide will be held securely and in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We do not provide your personal information to any third party without your specific consent. We have put in place technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information we collect. However, you also have a role in protecting the security of your information.
3. Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
3. How Information Collected About You Is Used
We may use information we collect about you:
a) to communicate with you;
b) to process your requests and transactions;
c) to improve the product
d) to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
e) to assist with our product and service development;
f) to conduct research and measurement activities;
g) to notify you about changes to the Services.
4. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
We will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless you specifically agreed to by you or: To comply with legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; In special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others; In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets. We do not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
5. Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instruction in the marketing material you receive or by contacting us.
6. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of the Services by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. Under certain circumstances (for example, if we would like to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time of collection), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as by sending you an email.