Privacy Policy
Phone Tracker App cares about your privacy. Respecting your privacy is a fundamental policy of Phone Tracker App, and therefore, we formulate this Privacy Policy to inform you of how we collect, use and share your personal information.
FOR US IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT WHEN USING PHONE TRACKER APP YOU RESPECT OTHER PEOPLE'S PRIVACY AND DO NOT SEND ANY UNREASONABLE REQUESTS! WE CANNOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY OCCUR AS A RESULT OF USING THIS APPLICATION.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable to how Phone Tracker App handles personally identifiable information that is left when you are using our services (hereinafter, the “Services”), as well as other personally identifiable information shared with our business partners.
Collection and Use of Information
In order to provide our Services, troubleshoot, improve the quality and security of our Services, and to recommend more relevant contents to you, when you register a Phone Tracker App account and when you continue to use Phone Tracker App Services, Phone Tracker App will collect, record, store, adapt, use, share or otherwise process (collectively, the “process”) your personal information, which may be used to identify you.
Personal information that Phone Tracker App processes includes:
1.Profile information as name and email address. Your name will be sharedwith the web user when you will make a location request. Your email address may be used by this service to identify you.
2.Automatic information, such as your IP address, device id, device model, time zone, location, location information, browser information, information in Phone Tracker App cookies (cookie is a small piece of data file that is stored on your computer or mobile device), etc.
3.If you reach us by your email or phone, we will use your email address or phone number to contact you.
4. Location Access. We do not collect, store or share to third parties your location data. Your location data is needed only when you are using app to show your location on the map.
5. Contact Access. The app needs access to your contacts for generating SMS messages, when you are generating location request. Phone Tracker App will also determine whether or not someone associated with your contact is using Phone Tracker App, by uploading and checking your contacts data on the server.
If you provide us with your phone number or email address, you agree that we may send text messages to that phone number, or email to that email address. We will do so only in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. If you deactivate your Phone Tracker App account, you will no longer receive any text or email from us.
Web using of Phone Tracker App service
THE PERSON LOCATION FUNCTION WORKS BY SENDING A SPECIAL MESSAGE CONTAINING A LINK. THE PERSON MUST OPEN THE LINK AND AGREE TO SHARE THE LOCATION.
This app will not help you to find your lost or stolen phone or assist you to locate person anonymously, stalking or any other unlawful activities:
Each location request has to be sent separately.
Each location request has to be approved by the receiver separately. Location request contains the name of the person who made this request. To approve a location request the receiver should accept the current Privacy Policy, and agree to share his/her location with you. The receiver becomes a web user of service after accepting the current Privacy Policy.
Location data of web user will be stored in the service and will be shared for the user which made this request.
The location does not update automatically. If the receiver wants to share their location again, he/she has to approve every position again separately.
It is useful, for example, if you are waiting for somebody and they turn out to be late. You can find out where they are.
Phone Tracker App may contain links to a third-party website. We cannot control the behaviors of such third-party website.
Prohibited Activities
In using Phone Tracker App, you must behave in a civil and respectful manner at all times. Therefore, by using Phone Tracker App, you promise not to:
Engage in the act of harassing or stalking of any individual.
Engage in the act of harmfully exploiting minors, or any act of harm.
Engage in any act of deceit, or impersonation of any person.
Engage in the collection of information of others.
Engage in any representation where you expressly or by implication represent any statements from the Company, without the written permission of the latter.
Engage in any act of spamming, automation, data-mining, or circumvention of the navigational structure or presentation of the App.ice or its content..
Engage in the act of posting infringed content, copyrights, trademarks, proprietary information.
Engage in the intentional interference or disruption with the functioning and operation of the App, or with the site servers, networks which are connected to the services of the App.
Engage in the intentional dissemination of spam, viruses, or any harmful material, computer code, files or programs which may limit the App, hardware, or telecommunications.
Disclosure
1. Phone Tracker App guarantees that it will not publicly disclose or provide a third party with your non-public information, unless under the following circumstances:
(a)When prior express authorization is obtained from you.
(b)When and as required by prevailing laws and/or regulations.
(c)When and as required by relevant competent authorities of the government.
(d)When it is necessary to safeguard the public interest.
(e)When it is necessary to protect the safety of any person (including you).
(f)When it is necessary to address fraud, security or technical issues; and
(g)When it is necessary to safeguard the legal rights and interests of Phone Tracker App.
Your private message may also be monitored by us if we have reasonable grounds to believe that you are using our private messaging services for criminal activities. Your private messages (including any image or video contained therein) may be shared with law enforcement agencies if we are requested to do so.
2. Phone Tracker App may collaborate with a third party (an affiliate or otherwise) to provide you with relevant Services. In this scenario, Phone Tracker App has the right to share your information with such third party, if such third party agrees to bear responsibility for providing privacy protection no less favorable to that of Phone Tracker App.
3. Under the condition that no private information of an individual user is disclosed, Phone Tracker App has the right to analyze the entire user database and utilize the database for commercial purposes.
Your Rights
Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction, you may have some or all of the following rights:
1.Access to, rectify and/or erase of your personal data retained on our system.
2.Withdraw any of your consent already given to us for processing your data.
3.Request a copy of your information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and transmit it to another party.
How to Manage Your Personal Information
The privacy setting allows you to control whether or not to share certain information and whether you may be found by certain Phone Tracker App function.
You may modify your account information on your profile page at any time. If you believe the personal information we have about you is inaccurate, you may also email us at any time to update such inaccurate information.
You may also deactivate your account. To deactivate your account, please email us indicating in English that you would like to deactivate your account and you will receive the deactivation instructions from us. You will need to complete the steps in order to deactivate your account. Once your account is deactivated, you will not be able to restore your account again and your data on Phone Tracker App will be erased after certain period of time (usually within 24 months).
If your account is deactivated due to your violation of our User Agreement, we may retain certain information (such as device information, phone number) to prevent you from accessing our Services again.
Children Protection
We do not direct the Service to, nor do we knowingly collect any Personal Information from, children under the age of 13 years. Children under 13 years are not eligible to use the Service. If we learn that a user is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user's personal information from our databases and to prevent the user from utilizing the Service.