Privacy Policy
We are committed to respecting your data privacy and providing transparency about our data
                    practices. This Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how Heartly-Heart Health
                    Recorder(“Company” or
                    “we” or “us”) collects, stores, uses, transfers and discloses Personal Data from our users
                    (“you”)
DATA WE COLLECT
Information may be automatically collected
– Technical Information. Certain technical information regarding your device, and your use of the
                    Software and Services, including the type, name and version of operating system
– Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
                    identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
                    your device's internal memory.This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the
                    app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve
                    their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
                    cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to
                    use some portions of this Service.
– Usage Information. Certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with
                    your device, including the Software and Services and Other Software, such as when and how you
                    use the Software and Services and Other Software, how you use your internet browser and internet
                    search related applications, the web pages you visit and the content you see, access and utilize
                    on such web pages; for example, offerings and advertisements that you view, use and access, how
                    you use them and your response to them, how frequently you use them, your search queries and the
                    time and date of your searches.
—Security：I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to
                    use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission
                    over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot
                    guarantee its absolute security.
Information that you provide to us
– Heart rate information.
– Camera,Flash light and Photos Information.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such
                    information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to
                    time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, weʼll notify you of such changes
                    by posting them on the Services or by sending you a notification and weʼll indicate when such
                    changes will become effective.