Menu
Home
About Us
Our Games
Careers
Contact
TR
EN
Headquarter
Istanbul, Türkiye
Branch
Sacramento, California, US
Email:
info@dodogame.co
Privacy Policy
DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi : PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This is the Privacy & Cookies Policy of DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi All Rights Reserved.
If you have any queries about this Policy, please contact DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi using the contact details below.
Who this Policy applies to : By playing the Games or visiting the Website you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you. DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi may change this Policy at any time.This Policy applies to the following people: people who use the Games and job applicants and former employees
PEOPLE WHO USE THE GAMES:
DODO BİLİŞİM ANONİM ŞİRKETİ WILL COLLECT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION FROM YOU WHEN YOU USE THE GAMES:
-If you sign into one of the Games through a social network information that network may allow information about you to be accessed by DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi. For example on Facebook, your Facebook ID, email address, information relating to your friends, profile picture, gender, language, geo-location or the device you are using. However, you can change what information DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi can access by changing your privacy features on such social networks;
-If you sign up to one of the Games, we may collect your name, your e-mail address and device you are using;
-information in relation to your purchases
-information collected by DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi use of cookies
WHAT IF
DODO BİLİŞİM ANONİM ŞİRKETİ CANNOT COLLECT THIS INFORMATION:
-You can use privacy settings on your social networks to prevent us collecting certain of the above information about you. If you still have concerns about the information we collect please contact us at any time by sending an e-mail to info@dodogame.co
FINANCIAL INFORMATION:
-Your purchase and in-app purchases within the Games are handled through the platform on which you purchased the Game or through other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play). DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi does not retain any card or payment details, although DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending. People who contact to DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi by email
– DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi will only use this information to process the complaint and to check on DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi services and staff. How DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi uses collected information from people who play the Games:
DODO BİLİŞİM ANONİM ŞİRKETİ MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION TO:
Facilitate the improvement of the Games and your experience of the Games;
Prevent fraud or illegal activities;
Provide technical support in relation to player enquires, resolving disputes, collecting fees and troubleshooting;
Complete your transactions;
Share with third parties for the purposes as described in paragraph below.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES :
– DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi will not pass your information to third party advertisers for them to market to you other than as described in this paragraph. subject to its obligations to comply with applicable data protection legislation, share your information with third parties including:
As part of the Games your information (for example your name, profile picture or user ID) may be posted on a Leaderboard of top scorers within the Game to be shared with other players and your social networks. You may also share elements of your performance or participation in the Games (e.g. your personal car design) with other players and your social networks; in anonymised form with data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of player metrics or sales performance; or with law enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement.
SECURITY:
– DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use. DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi. has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use
THIRD PARTY COOKIES:
-Third Party advertisers may place or read cookies on your browser or device in the Games. This Policy is applicable only to the use of cookies by DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi and does not cover the use of cookie by any third parties (including advertisers ).
DODO BİLİŞİM ANONİM ŞİRKETİ’S POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN:
– DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi’s Games are intended for anyone who is legally entitled to own a device that access them and play them and anyone who is legally entitled to make in-app purchases by the payment functionality the Games provide. However, DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information in relation to children under the age of 13.
COOKIES:
What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when you play a Game. DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi’s use of cookies is detailed below. Session cookies enable you to move from page to page within websites, Facebook or Games and any information you enter will be remembered but is deleted when you close your browser or after a short time. Persistent cookies allow us to remember your preferences and settings when you play the Games in the future, in different browser sessions.
CONTACT DETAILS:
Company Information DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi, Nas Plaza – Maltepe / ISTANBUL / TURKEY
Contact: info@dodogame.co
COOKIE TYPE PURPOSE FURTHER INFORMATION
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi uses Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use the Website, which DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi use to help improve it. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come to the Website from and the pages they visited.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi uses persistent cookies and session cookies to, for example, assist in the navigation around the Games, to enhance your use of the Games and to support graphic and video features;
ANALYTICS COOKIES
DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi uses cookies to collect information about how you use our games including information such as how long you are on particular pages, how often you use our games, what you do, what you view and what you buy in our games (Admob, Unity Ads)
REQUEST USER DATA DELETION
When you install and use DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi mobile applications, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why we may collect data.
Why is Data Collected?
DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi and its third-party partners collect data:
To provide you with the services you asked for
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services to improve them continuously
The third-party partners that DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi will share the data with are:
GameAnalytics
Facebook Analytics
Adjust
Voodoo
Data Deletion Requests
To delete user data collected by DoDo Bilişim Anonim Şirketi, please reach out to info@dodogame.co. If you also want to request the deletion of the data that may have been collected about you or your device by our third-party partners that are acting as independent data controllers, you will find below the contact for each partner and the link to the relevant section of their privacy policies:
GameAnalytics:
email: privacy@gameanalytics.com
privacy policy: https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/#6-changing-or-deleting-your-information
Facebook Analytics:
email: none, please refer to the privacy policy
privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Adjust:
email: privacy@adjust.com
privacy policy: https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Voodoo: Voodoo does not collect any of your personal data and only provides an SDK package to retrieve the data collected by the above-mentioned partners. You can still contact them to request the deletion of their access to the partners’ interfaces. email: dpo@voodoo.io