Privacy
Policy
Last updated: January 3, 2023
Welcome to YAPSODY, the professional ticketing system turns event organizers in professional presenters without the restrictive lock-in periods or high fees imposed by other professional ticketing systems.
Please review the following Privacy Policy that sets forth how YAPSODY collects and uses User Data and other information. By using YAPSODY, you agree to the policies set forth below and in YAPSODY’s Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into YAPSODY’s Terms of Use located at
https://www.yapsody.com/ticketing/terms-of-use/
. Please refer to the Terms of Use for definitions of capitalized terms appearing in this Privacy Policy.
User Data Collection, Usage & Sharing
User Data Collection by YAPSODY
:
YAPSODY may collect User Data from Users while interacting with or using YAPSODY in any manner including, without limitation, while registering with YAPSODY; engaging in contact with YAPSODY or a Seller (e.g., via email); purchasing Merchandise on YAPSODY whether from YAPSODY or a Seller; and paying for services provided by YAPSODY or a Seller via Electronic Payment or otherwise.
YAPSODY may collect Electronic Payment Data as necessary to facilitate Electronic Payment Transactions whether involving a Seller’s Online Store or otherwise. Electronic Payment Data will not be shared with other Users (including Sellers) or third-parties except for applicable Payment Gateways for the sole purposes of processing Electronic Payment Transactions. In such cases, the Electronic Payment Data shall be collected by YAPSODY upon “check-out” at time of payment and shall be securely transmitted via the respective Payment Gateway’s API and in accordance with said Payment Gateway’s prescribed procedures. Any Electronic Payment Data collected in connection with a Transaction involving Seller Merchandise will be done so by YAPSODY and transmitted to the Seller’s selected Payment Gateway on behalf of the Seller as the merchant of record. YAPSODY shall in no case directly provide seller with access to Electronic Payment Data.
YAPSODY does not store Electronic Payment Data provided in connection with a Transaction except for the last approximately 4 characters of any financial account provided by a User for making Electronic Payments. Such information may be provided to an applicable Seller for identification and sales reconciliation purposes only.
YAPSODY may collect Non-Personal User Data. Such Data may be collected passively through digital means, by requesting it from the User, or from third parties who collect the data independently. Non-Personal User Data cannot and shall not be used to identify Users.
Users may request that YAPSODY correct, update or delete any inaccurate User Data stored by YAPSODY by contacting YAPSODY’s support team at support@yapsody.com. If a Customer requests that his/her User Data be deleted or edited, YAPSODY may honor that request (or must honor that request depending on the applicable jurisdiction) even a Presenter would no longer have access to such data. Furthermore, Customer acknowledges that such data may still be available in the Presenter’s own databases if the Presenter documented it prior to YAPSODY taking any action.
User Data Collection by Sellers
:
Sellers are authorized to collect Personal User Data and Non-Personal User Data at their discretion in connection with a Seller’s Online Store. Any such Data provided in connection therewith may be available to the respective Seller and to that extent outside the control of YAPSODY. YAPSODY may also make such Data available to a particular Seller with respect to Users who have engaged in Transactions involving that Seller’s Merchandise. Alternatively, Sellers are not authorized to collect Electronic Payment Data in connection with a Seller’s Online Store. User’s should refrain from providing any Electronic Payment Data via a Seller’s Online Store or in any correspondence with a Seller except at the point of “check-out” at time of payment. Users are instructed to inform YAPSODY in the event that an attempt to collect Electronic Payment Data has occurred other than upon “check-out” at time of payment. YAPSODY shall not be responsible for any injuries or damages that may occur as a result of a User providing Electronic Payment Data other than as prescribed hereunder.
Use of User Data
:
Generally speaking, except as otherwise set forth hereunder, YAPSODY uses Personal User Data and Electronic Payment Data for the purpose for which it was provided. For example, if a User contacts YAPSODY, YAPSODY will use any User Data provided in said correspondence to effectively respond to the User. Similarly, if a User provides Electronic Payment Data in connection with a Transaction, YAPSODY will user such Data to facilitate payment for the Transaction.
YAPSODY may use any Personal User Data internally as follows: for improving the Software, the Content, and YAPSODY’s offerings; for protecting YAPSODY and its Users against fraud; for managing Users’ accounts; to contact Users or display Content for marketing and advertising purposes, including to inform Users of events that may be of interest to them; to contact Users to inform them about issues related to their YAPSODY accounts and transactions.
Because Non-Personal User Data cannot be used to personally identify Users, YAPSODY may use such Data for any lawful purpose, which includes sharing such data with third parties.
If YAPSODY intends to use any User Data in any other manner, the applicable Users will be provided advanced notice thereof or the applicable Users’ consent will be obtained.
Sharing of User Data
:
Data Sub-Processors:
Yapsody uses third-party integrated Data Sub-Processors in the transmission, storage and processing of Users’ electronic communications and User Data provided by Users to Yapsody. By participating in any such communications or providing your User Data to Yapsody, you consent to Yapsody’s use of said Data Sub-Processors. A list of Data Sub-Processors can be found by clicking on the following link:
https://www.yapsody.com/
ticketing/gdpr/sub-processor
YAPSODY will not sell Personal User Data or Electronic Payment Data to third parties. YAPSODY will not disclose or share Electronic Payment Data with third parties other than Payment Gateways as described herein. However, YAPSODY may disclose or share Personal User Data with the following third parties, who shall be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy to the extent legally permitted: the recipients of a transfer of YAPSODY’s assets in connection with a corporate sale, merger, dissolution or similar event; subsidiaries or affiliates of YAPSODY; and attorneys, agents, and consultants performing business functions for or on behalf of YAPSODY.
YAPSODY may also disclose or share Personal User Data with Sellers with whom a User has transacted Merchandise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, such Seller’s shall not be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. It is recommended that Users review the policies of such Sellers before providing Personal User Data. YAPSODY shall not be responsible for the actions of such Sellers.
YAPSODY may receive certain Personal User Data (e.g., user names, locations, profile information, friends lists) via third-party services like Twitter and Facebook when connected to such services via YAPSODY. YAPSODY may store and use such User Data in connection with YAPSODY’s functionality and share such User Data with such third-party services.
YAPSODY may disclose Personal User Data if required by law (e.g., in response to a subpoena), to protect and defend YAPSODY’s rights; to defend against legal liability; to investigate fraud or misuse of YAPSODY; or to ensure public safety or the safety of a User.
Unsolicited User Data
:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited User Data provided by a User via YAPSODY or data posted to any public areas of YAPSODY. All unsolicited User Data shall be deemed to be non-confidential and YAPSODY shall be free to exploit it without limitation.
Children
:
YAPSODY does not knowingly collect Personal User Data from children under the age of 13. Users under the age of 13 must not submit any Personal User Data to YAPSODY. If someone believes that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal User Data to YAPSODY, please notify YAPSODY support so that such Personal User Data can be deleted from YAPSODY’s database.
Links to Third-Party Websites
:
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites that are not owned or operated by YAPSODY or its parent company, despite the fact that links to such third-party websites may appear on YAPSODY. Users should contact those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
User Data Retention
:
YAPSODY may retain a User’s Personal User Data as long as that User continues to use YAPSODY. Even after a User stops using YAPSODY and/or closes his/her YAPSODY account, YAPSODY may nevertheless retain Personal User Data as permitted or required under applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a User’s Personal User Data may be archived on YAPSODY system backups for an indefinite period of time.
Cookies
When accessing YAPSODY, Users may have “cookies” placed on their browsers to help YAPSODY analyze usage in order to improve its products and services and to provide tailored content (including advertising) and functionality (such as ability to use the Box Office without having to continuously reenter a password). Some cookies may be programmed to last for a single session while others may be programmed to last for a particular period of time. While YAPSODY recommends that Users leave cookies turned on, Users nevertheless have the option to manage how “cookies” are handled through browser’s option settings. For more information, please see our Cookies Statement at
https://www.yapsody.com/cookie-policy/
Opting Out
Users can “opt out” of receiving YAPSODY marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link in marketing emails received from YAPSODY. However, Users cannot opt out of non-marketing, informational emails about a User’s account or a User’s transactions or emails containing updates about YAPSODY unless User contacts YAPSODY support with a request to that effect AND terminates his/her YAPSODY account. Even after User opts out of all communications, YAPSODY will continue to store User’s Personal User Data and Non-Personal User Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In the case of emails sent by Sellers to Users with whom a Seller has transacted Merchandise, such emails are not sent through YAPSODY. Consequently, Users wishing to opt out of such emails must do so directly with the Seller or the email system that the Seller is using to send such emails.
Security
YAPSODY takes reasonable steps to protect Personal User Data from unauthorized access and misuse. However, Internet and email transmission are not completely secure. YAPSODY recommends that USERS not send sensitive information to YAPSODY via email or disclose such information via the Internet. User Data is stored on servers located in the United States. Users accessing YAPSODY from outside the United States should be aware that all User Data is handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy and United States privacy laws, which may be different than the privacy laws in other countries.
Changes to Privacy Policy
User’s use of YAPSODY shall be deemed acknowledgement of, and agreement to, this Privacy Policy and any updates or modifications thereof that YAPSODY may post from time to time at its sole discretion with or without notice. It is User’s responsibility to periodically check for modifications whenever using YAPSODY (especially before providing Personal Data) as such modifications shall govern a User’s continued use of YAPSODY. User shall refrain from said use in the event that User does not agree to any portion of the Privacy Policy.
Questions, Concerns & Complaints
All questions, concerns, and complaints related to the Privacy Policy can be directed to YAPSODY’s support team via its support page.
European Union / General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The EU’s GDPR, which is effective as of May 25, 2018, requires YAPSODY to provide E.U. citizens and residents who engage with YAPSODY (“E.U. Users”) more information about the circumstances surrounding the processing of their User Data (“E.U. User Data”) via YAPSODY.
YAPSODY may process E.U. User Data if (i) a User has consented, (ii) it is required for effectively managing a contractual relationship between a User and YAPSODY or a Customer and a Seller, (iii) required by law, or (iv) required for providing Users with good customer service. Furthermore, E.U. User Data collected from E.U. Users may be transferred to YAPSODY servers located in the United States or to Data Sub-processors (as defined in the GDPR Addendum found at
https://www.yapsody.com/ticketing/gdpr
) located outside the E.U. YAPSODY has appropriate safeguards in place to protect such User Data during transfer.
For more information about GDPR and its application to YAPSODY, please see the GDPR Addendum at
https://www.yapsody.com/ticketing/gdpr
.